###The aging population is becoming increasingly severe. The A-country government is forced to implement a new policy: if you haven’t married by the time you graduate from college, the state will assign you a partner. 
Want to refuse? 
Unless you can afford to pay a daily single tax of up to ten thousand. 
Ye Xingguang firmly believed that as the campus beauty of C University, she would never fall into the tragic state of needing the state to assign her a partner. However, on the day of her graduation, her boyfriend, who had promised to get the marriage certificate with her, dumped her. 
Without a marriage certificate, the school would not issue a graduation certificate, and no employer would hire her. This was A-country’s strictly enforced law. Unable to afford the single tax, she could only get on a coach organized by the school and head to the civil affairs office to draw lots for a partner. 
Before she entered the civil affairs office hall, she heard a bewitching voice coming from the speakers: 
“Who are we?” “Single dogs!” 
“Why can’t we find our own partners?” “Because we enjoy solitude!” 
“Say it again!” “Because we’re ugly!” 
Ding Dong—— 
The doors of the civil affairs office hall slowly opened… 
Ye Xingguang touched her gorgeous features, mustered her courage and walked in. After completing a series of procedures, she stood in front of a computer, took a tense breath. Would her lifelong happiness really depend on a lottery system? 
What if she draws a rotten apple? 
Ye Xingguang hated her ex-boyfriend to death. He should have ended their relationship earlier, not wait until graduation day, leaving her without time to choose a desirable suitor before she was rushed to the civil affairs office by the school! 
She could’ve chosen from the multitude of boys who pursued her in school. How blind could she have been to date that jerk? 
That lousy man had screwed her big time! 
If she ended up with a man who smoked, drank, gambled, and was abusive, even in death she wouldn’t let her ex off the hook! 
“Quit dragging your feet! You can’t find a partner on your own, and the state kindly assigns you one, why are you hesitating? Hurry up and draw a number.” 
The rule for drawing a partner was: The computer randomly displayed ten numbers, and the drawer picked one from them. Each number corresponded to a person. 
Looking at those ten numbers, Ye Xingguang felt like swearing, could you please tell me, each number represents a person, their height, weight, age, education, family background, advantages and disadvantages, bad habits and so on… 
No information was available, only a cold number. How was she supposed to choose? 
“Hey, I mean you, if you don’t actively pick a number within thirty seconds, the system will automatically do it for you, and then you’ll have no room for regret.” 
The official popped sunflower seeds in her mouth and kindly reminded. 
Unfortunately, the warning came too late. Before she knew it, thirty seconds had passed and a number was auto-selected by the computer. 
[Congratulations Miss Ye Xingguang, your state-assigned partner is no. 1314521. Please collect 1314521’s identification information from the service desk. We wish you a happy marriage, hopefully with two children within a year.] 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!” 
Shut up, I am not a baby-making machine! noveldrama
But, 1314521, it looks like a lucky number! 
Unfortunately, no matter how good it is, they still treat me like a baby-making machine! 
What she should do now is to complete the procedures as soon as possible, find her partner, get the state-matching certificate, and then get her graduation certificate from the school with it. After all, she needed both the match certificate and the graduation certificate to secure a job at the employment market! 
Once she starts earning, she could possibly pay divorce tax and choose her ideal lover again. 
“Miss Ye, here is the information regarding your match. Please keep this. We have notified your match to come over, and you can process the procedures together. According to our country’s laws, you have to live in your match’s house for the next year. A civil affairs office official might visit any time.” 
Ye Xingguang nodded gloomily, took the information, glanced at the name of her match, and was suddenly taken aback. 
Ye Junqing? 
This name, why does it sound so familiar? 
Ah! She remembered! 
Isn’t that the name of the super-rich man on Forbes’ rich list? 
Ye Xingguang’s eyes widened. Could the state have assigned her a super-rich husband? 
How could it be possible? Did she really have that kind of luck?
###While waiting in the civil affairs bureau, Ye Xingguang had sweaty palms, engrossed in a gossip website discussing the hottest topics— “Unveiling the top ten cancerous bachelors of country A’s commitment-phobic diamond bachelors list!” 
You have to admit, those on the list are truly the top ten outstanding young talents of Country A in terms of looks, wealth, and capability, every girl’s ideal marital prospects. Unfortunately, all of them are staunch bachelors and ruthless, formidable forces. 
For instance, the first on the list: Ye Junqing. 
He once arrogantly proclaimed during an interview: Whoever draws me, I advise you to prepare a grave for yourself right away! 
Ye Xingguang was so scared her legs were trembling; she immediately implored the staff for help. 
“Can I reshuffle?” 
“Absolutely not. I see that you’re a pretty girl, why don’t you have a partner? You have high standards, don’t you? I’ve witnessed many of these pretty yet partnerless girls, thoroughly indecisive, until they are left behind. Even upon arriving at the civil affairs bureau, you haven’t changed this bad habit?” 
Ye Xingguang really wanted to retort, I just got dumped today, and just had a heartbreak. But wouldn’t that be more embarrassing? 
It would be better to say that she was left behind because of high standards, that would save her face. 
“The person I drew has the same surname as me, maybe he is my relative within three generations, which is unfavorable to eugenics.” 
But the staff isn’t buying her excuse: “Trust the state, it won’t arrange your match randomly. For you singles, the state has carefully matched based on birth characters, personality, family background, education, values, appearances, spouse selection criteria, etc., through big data analysis, it has selected ten most suitable candidates for you to choose. Any one of them would be a good match.” 
“!!!” 
Which eye did this big data see that she and Ye Junqing are a match? 
Ye Xingguang was anxious to tears: “Can’t I really choose again?” 
“No, unless you can afford a penalty of ten million! But let me tell you, refusing the official match is not as simple as paying a fine. It will also go on record, becoming a lifelong stain. Not only will you lose your political rights for life, even your credit will be affected. Future loans, airplane and high-speed train travels will be rejected. Think about it, can you bear such consequences….” 
What? Is it that serious? 
* 
Hiss— Hiss— Hiss— 
Eleven low-key luxurious Rolls-Royce vehicles, like the palaces on wheels, are dashing towards the civil affairs bureau. noveldrama
The indescribable aura has been intimidating from afar. 
But what is more shocking is the arrogant Ye Junqing sitting in the sixth car; his aura is so overwhelming, giving people the irresistible urge to bow down. 
However, his anger has already reached the boiling point, his beautiful visage expressing gloom more than a city shrouded by dark clouds. 
The nervous Fu Zhuo, sitting in the co-driver’s seat, didn’t dare to breathe. He wished he could atone with his life. 
He was so busy that he forgot to pay the ‘single tax’ for his boss, Ye Junqing, resulting in such a miserable situation of being drawn at the civil affairs bureau. 
Master Ye’s ‘single tax’ is paid annually which happened to be due today. He was just three hours late for the extension, and this happened… 
“Master Ye, punish me. If I hadn’t forgotten to pay the single tax, you wouldn’t have been drawn. But rest assured, I have already informed Lawyer Xi to handle this at the civil affairs bureau. There must be a solution.” 
“How to solve it?” 
The man’s voice was deep and domineering, directly speaking out the predicament at hand, “My brother is currently in a critical stage of his presidential election. If I refuse the state-arranged match at this moment, I don’t know how many political enemies will take advantage of this…” 
Fu Zhuo felt even more guilty, and gritted his teeth to ensure, “Master Ye, don’t worry, the public does not yet know about this….” 
Before he could finish, a push message came in from his phone: 
[Bombshell! The number one cancerous bachelor of commitment-phobes — Ye Junqing, has been drawn at the North District Civil Affairs Bureau in the Imperial capital!] 
Fu Zhuo twitched in his eyes violently. How did the media find it out so quickly? Did they want him to apologize by his death?
###Fu Zhuo couldn’t resist mourning for himself. At this point, he could only place his hopes on Lawyer Xi, hoping that the man could be of some help! noveldrama
* 
Civil Affairs Bureau, a comparatively quiet reception room on the second floor. 
Lawyer Xi was pulling out all the stops, hoping to discourage Ye Xingguang. 
“Miss Ye, I am Mr. Ye’s lawyer, my surname is Xi. In regards to your lottery draw with Mr. Ye, I’m fully responsible.” 
“First of all, let me inform you about Mr. Ye’s situation. Even though he’s currently single, Miss Xia Yanyan will soon become his fiancée. However, the Civil Affairs Bureau, unaware of these circumstances, has randomly selected him due to his upcoming bachelor tax.” 
“I believe, without even needing me to tell you, you would know who Miss Xia Yanyan is, wouldn’t you? I also believe that given Xia Yanyan’s special status in Country A, you wouldn’t dare to overstep your bounds and take away her betrothed, right?” 
On the way to the Civil Affairs Bureau, he had already received a call from Miss Xia Yanyan, instructing him to, by any means, settle this matter with Ye Xingguang. 
Miss Xia said that there isn’t a girl in the world who would dare to take away her man, and if necessary, he could use her name without hesitation. 
Lawyer Xi also believed that taking on Miss Xia meant courting disaster, and should one offend her, they could face the wrath of the netizens, enough to virtually kill her. 
In Country A, Miss Xia Yanyan is indeed widely adored. 
Years ago, scientific researchers in Country A discovered a mermaid fossil. They ambitiously launched a mermaid transformation project, aiming to extract mermaid genes from the fossils and inject them into human embryos, hoping to produce a beautiful mermaid, a species long thought to be extinct. 
This project required numerous sacrifices, but finally, Miss Xia was born, a globally acclaimed and unique mermaid. Her body could transform into a beautiful mermaid with a tail when in water, and when out of water, she had normal human legs, it was simply miraculous. 
The moment of her birth made Miss Xia a national treasure. 
Now, Miss Xia’s name is consistently at the top of the “Country A’s Most Desired Women List.” 
Any girl who coincidentally drew Mr. Ye’s lottery should know when to fold. 
“Miss Ye, the best course of action now is for you to voluntarily pay a penalty and refuse this official matchmaking, then redraw. Rest assured, Mr. Ye will pay the penalty you have been fined, and in addition, Mr. Ye would also offer you a compensation sum of one million, what do you say?” 
Ye Xingguang wanted to laugh after hearing this. Originally, she regretted having drawn Ye Junqing and was quite willing to find a way to break the official match, but… 
What did Lawyer Xi mean by using Xia Yanyan to scare her? 
She hadn’t forgotten what the employees had said earlier; refusing the official match would result in losing political rights for life, inability to apply for loans, participate in elections, take high-speed rails and flights, and it would even affect her credit score… 
Ye Xingguang propped herself on the couch inside the reception room, lazily throwing her legs over the armrest: “Are you sure this is the best solution? It seems so troublesome to me. Since Mr. Ye is wealthy, why doesn’t he pay the penalty himself?” 
How could Mr. Ye be the one to pay the penalty? 
Miss Xia Yanyan had strictly instructed him that the person who must actively decline the matchmaking could only be Miss Ye! 
Lawyer Xi was resolute and would not tolerate being bargained with by this unknown entity: “Miss Ye, the one who must voluntarily reject the official matchmaking can only be you. If you feel that the compensation sum of a million isn’t enough, you can name your price.” 
“That’s not the issue here.” Ye Xingguang flatly refused. 
“Then what is the problem? You surely don’t believe that with a slightly pretty face, you can match oneself up with Miss Xia, do you? We’ve already investigated your family situation. The daughter of a remote island fisherman, compared with Miss Xia, is like comparing heaven and earth!”
###Attorney Xi’s mouth constantly voiced “Xia Yanyan” which irked Ye Xingguang immensely. 
What was so great about this Xia Yanyan that made them poles apart? 
Wasn’t she just a mermaid? 
People knew only that Xia Yanyan was a unique mermaid in the world. But did they know, at two, she was diagnosed with chronic granulocytic leukemia? To save her, the Xia’s parents once again joined the mermaid transformation program and gave birth to another mermaid. 
Ye Xingguang let out a sarcastic laugh. Ha, how would people know? 
The mermaid, born so grotesquely, was immediately concealed by Xia’s parents after birth! 
If Xia Yanyan was the elegant swan that brought fame and fortune to the Xia family, then the mermaid was the ugly duckling who couldn’t grace the public. 
Only because she was so ugly, her sole purpose in life was to supply bone marrow to Xia Yanyan. Once her task was done, she was heartlessly abandoned by her parents to the open sea to fend for herself. noveldrama
Poor kid, abandoned to the cruel sea where survival of the fittest was the rule. She had forgotten how she survived amidst sharks, and whales that could instantly kill her. 
Thinking about this, Ye Xingguang smirked. No matter how hard it was, she had survived! 
However, she thought that she would never intersect with Xia Yanyan. But surprisingly, she managed to win the lottery hand of Xia Yanyan’s future fiancé? 
Now, Attorney Xi vainly thought to use Xia Yanyan to fight her off. Well, he had miscalculated! 
Leaning against the sofa and fiddling with her fingers, Ye Xingguang said nonchalantly, “What’s wrong with being a fisherman’s daughter? I won the lottery fair and square. The state considers us a good match and insists on assigning Mr. Ye to me. If you disagree, go complain to the state!” 
Attorney Xi didn’t expect Ye Xingguang to be so ungrateful. 
Was she eyeing Mr. Qing and trying to latch onto him? 
Attorney Xi sternly said, “Miss Ye, I advise you to know when to stop. Mr. Qing is here. If you remain so obstinate, once Mr. Qing personally deals with this, no one will speak to you this politely anymore. Mr. Qing is known to be ruthless. Killing you would be easier than killing an ant!” 
“Ha, let him try, am I supposed to be afraid of him?” 
If all else fails, I can always swallow a regret pill, redo the lottery, and aim for a better match. The only thing this lady doesn’t lack is a regret pill that can turn the tide! 
* 
Hiss——Hiss——Hiss—— 
A fleet of cars slowly drove into the civil affairs bureau. A group of low-key yet luxurious Rolls-Royces attracted bystanders as soon as they appeared. 
Upon receiving a call from Attorney Xi, Fu Zhuo frowned angrily, “Mr. Qing, that Miss Ye truly has no shame. She dares to latch onto you, hoping to leverage this opportunity to rise and transform into a phoenix.” 
Mr. Qing sat powerfully in the car, scorn etched in his eyes, “She wishes to latch onto me? Well, that depends on whether she’s capable! I want all her information!” 
Fu Zhuo immediately handed over the iPad, thinking: who asked her to provoke their Mr. Qing, it’s suicidal! 
Simply asking for death! 
As Mr. Qing took the iPad, he lazily scrolled through the screen, ready to strike at her weakness. His gaze inadvertently fell on Ye Xingguang’s photo in the profile, causing his predatory expression to momentarily falter. 
It was as if he couldn’t believe it, he zoomed in on the photo. 
His sharp, peach blossom eyes stared at the woman in the photo for a long time. He still couldn’t believe that the one who had won him over was her?
###At that moment, in the Civil Affairs Bureau, Lawyer Xi’s cell phone received a text message from Xia Yanyan. 
Suddenly, Lawyer Xi started to laugh. 
“Miss Ye, I heard your father has uremia and needs dialysis every month. Miss Xia said her family has connections in hospitals throughout the country. If Miss Xia makes a call, no hospital would dare to perform dialysis for your father. Are you sure you still want to take Miss Xia’s fiancé?” 
“If you dare, just try!” Ye Xingguang retorted forcefully. 
At the same time, a similar voice fell outside the quiet reception room, cold and stern: “You dare!” 
Then, a booming sound rang out. 
A tall and handsome man slammed open the glass door of the reception room. His powerful aura, fitting of a superior, instantly deterred Lawyer Xi who was attempting to threaten Ye Xingguang further. 
Who’s copying my words? 
Ye Xingguang turned to look at the source of the voice. 
The man stepped forward against the light. His perfect body proportion was outstanding. Although the light was too bright for her to see his features clearly, his proud demeanor and the arrogance and pride with every step he took made it hard for her to look away. 
Ye Xingguang was stunned, who was he? 
Once Lawyer Xi recognized the man, he immediately stood up respectfully. Looking at Ye Xingguang again, he felt a surge of sympathy inside. 
What an overconfident girl, daring to compete with Miss Xia for a man. Now, Mr. Junqing himself has come to deal with you! 
Sure enough, upon entering, Ye Junqing grabbed Ye Xingguang’s chin, forcing her to lift her head. 
The strength in his grip was so strong it felt like he was going to crush her bones! 
Ye Junqing stared at the face that often invaded his dreams at his weak moments. Although her features looked uglier than he remembered, as if disguised intentionally to hide her exquisite beauty, he recognized her immediately. Damn, dare she target him? 
At that moment, a murderous intent gathered in Ye Junqing’s eyes! 
Her chin was forcefully clasped, and Ye Xingguang was in such pain that she couldn’t breathe. She struggled, “Who are you? Let go of me!” 
“Ye Junqing!” 
“What?” 
“I’m Ye Junqing!” The man’s voice was as cold as ice. 
“Ye Junqing?” 
Ye Xingguang chewed over these three words in her mind and then, her eyes widened in shock. Wasn’t he the man she had matched with, the notorious commitment-phobe? 
Why was he staring at her as if she had wronged him? She didn’t recall ever wronging him. 
Definitely not, she hadn’t even met him before! 
Ye Xingguang pushed away the man’s hand that was gripping her chin and took two steps back to save herself. But the moment she got rid of his hand, he grabbed her wrist and looked at her even colder than before. 
“Ye Xingguang, you’ve got nerve, daring to target me!” 
“Actually, it wasn’t me who targeted you, it was the system that automatically selected you. If you’re angry, blame the system. What kind of man are you, bullying a girl?” 
Unfortunately, no matter how she explained, the murderous aura on the man’s handsome face did not fade, but rather intensified. 
His gaze on her was like a blazing inferno, yet also like icy, bone-piercing chills. It was too complex, a mix of love and hate, giving her a feeling of being between fire and ice. 
Ye Xingguang was stunned. Why did his gaze give her the illusion that she had wronged him? How could she possibly have the guts to jilt a super tycoon on the Forbes rich list?noveldrama
###Confused, Ye Xingguang instinctively looked elsewhere. “What’s your solution then? If you want me to refuse the government arrangement by signing…” 
Ye Xingguang wanted to say, if you want me to sign for refusing the government arrangement, then just dismiss the idea. If you wish to sign, do it yourself! 
But before she could finish, Ye Junqing’s stern warning interrupted her, “Go ahead and sign it then, I dare you!” 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, almost doubting her hearing, “are you sure you didn’t mean to say, ‘go ahead and not sign it, I dare you!’” 
Ye Junqing’s face darkened. 
Ye Xingguang quickly changed the topic, “what should we do now, then?” 
What to do? How was he supposed to know what to do? 
Ye Junqing was silent with furrowed brows. He had long decided to avoid her like plague throughout his life, not associating with her whether in life or death! 
After pondering for a moment, Ye Junqing suddenly issued an order, “Ask the civil affairs bureau staff to come in. I accept the arrangement!” 
“…” 
Everyone was stunned. The situation turned around too fast. Even the lawyer who was anticipating a show from Ye Xingguang couldn’t believe that Ye Junqing’s order was directed at him. 
“Are you sure, Sir Junqing?” 
Ye Junqing glanced coldly at him, asserting authority without anger, “I will not repeat myself.” 
“Understood.” 
The lawyer fell silent due to fright. Dare he question any further? 
Considering Miss Xia’s instructions, the lawyer felt a massive headache. If Miss Xia finds out, wouldn’t she be pissed off? 
The staff arrived quickly, placing two sets of agreement forms in front of Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing. 
“Both of you just need to sign here.” 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t quite wrap her head around it. She sneakily glanced at the man lounging on the couch who had calmed down his temper. She struggled to understand why the man who looked like he wanted to kill her just a moment ago suddenly changed his mind. 
She picked up the pen and asked again, “Are you sure? Are you certain about accepting the government arrangement?” 
“What, dare not sign?” 
Ye Junqing narrowed his dangerous black eyes as if warning her that he’d crush her if she dared not to sign. 
“What would I be afraid of? Whoever flinches is a coward!” 
Ye Xingguang picked up the pen without further ado and signed her name. After all, it was not her loss! 
“Sir Junqing…” 
The lawyer, standing on the side and watching Ye Junqing picking up the pen, couldn’t help but speak up: 
“Maybe you should reconsider. Both your grandfather and Xia’s Family’s patriarch have already agreed on the marriage, haven’t they? Xia Yanyan is unique – a national treasure!” 
Miss Xia Yanyan had confidently stated over the phone that she was the only one in Junqing’s eyes. noveldrama
It’s said that six months ago, Ye Junqing hired the world’s best architect to build a mermaid swimming pool in Ye’s Mansion. The pool was completed just a few days ago, waiting for the marriage to be settled so that Miss Xia could enjoy swimming in it. 
Nevertheless, Ye Junqing sneered, “I have no plans to run a zoo.” 
Lawyer: “…” 
Snorting with laughter, Ye Xingguang suddenly found him less hateful, and even found herself liking his words. Right, does being a national treasure make you something special! 
However, her laughter froze after less than three seconds, her smile getting stuck in place. She was dumbstruck as she watched Ye Junqing signing his name, powerful and domineering. She was dumbfounded. He actually signed it?
###The civil affairs bureau worker was also pleased. Every time she signed a contract, she would receive a performance bonus. She carefully filed away the consent letter for accepting the state-assigned partner, and then recited the words she knew by heart to each official partner couple: 
“Miss Ye, Mr. Ye, congratulations on becoming state-protected official partners. Here are your official partner certificates, please keep them safe.” 
“The official partner certificate is not a marriage certificate, it only means that you are now engaged. To avoid any obsessive men and resentful women, you two will be given a year of living together for adaptation. During this time, you can come to the civil affairs bureau at any time to replace your official partner certificate with a marriage certificate.” 
“If during this time, the woman becomes pregnant, contributing to the nation’s population, both of you will receive generous welfare benefits.” 
“Of course, if during this time, you discover that the other person is not fit for yourself, you can apply to dissolve the official partner status after a year, however, you will need to pay a ten-million penalty. There won’t be any other punishments and it won’t affect your political rights and so on…” 
“Additionally, during this time, you two cannot develop any other romantic relationships. If found out, you will be prosecuted for infidelity. If the evidence is solid, you will be jailed. Please be cautious.” 
“If there are no other questions, Mr. Ye, you can take Miss Ye home now. For the upcoming year, Miss Ye should live with you. The civil affairs department may visit at any time.” 
Ye Xingguang was still so shocked that Ye Junqing had actually signed, she hadn’t come back to herself and hadn’t heard clearly what the staff member had said. 
She took the official partner certificate, her head completely empty and unable to think, she couldn’t believe it. She had actually become Ye Junqing’s official partner? 
Was this a stroke of incredible luck, or was it total misfortune? 
* 
Roar… roar… 
Thunder accompanied by lightning, roared and raged, soon unleashing a citywide downpour. 
At the gate of University C, eleven Rolls-Royces patiently waited in the pouring rain for Ye Xingguang, who was returning to school to deal with paperwork. 
Ye Junqing stared at the heavy rain outside the window, thinking that a certain woman can’t go outside in rainy days, his brows couldn’t help but furrow. noveldrama
His phone’s video call was on, and the voice of his older brother, Ye Shiting, came from across the line: 
“Are you sure you want to accept the civil affairs bureau’s distribution for me? I heard from our father and Xia’s father that they intend to arrange a marriage between you and Xia Yanyan. This matter will soon be on the agenda. Don’t you really like Xia Yanyan? Didn’t you even have a designer build a mermaid swimming pool in your house half a year ago?” 
Who said the mermaid swimming pool was built for Xia Yanyan? 
Ye Junqing did not explain, only responding, “The family alliance is just the icing on the cake, it’s not necessary. But, in my big brother’s election for President, absolutely no mistakes can be made. I have decided on this, big brother, you don’t need to persuade me anymore.” 
“So you chose Ye Xingguang just for my presidential election? I heard from Fu Zhuo that you carried her out of the civil affairs bureau. You’ve never carried a woman before, I thought it was love at first sight…” 
“How could that be possible? How could I possibly be interested in that kind of woman?” 
Ye Junqing clearly denied it and leaned lazily against the seat, replying casually, “It was just a performance at the civil affairs bureau, to let people know how cooperative I am with national duties. I don’t want people to say that the presidential candidate’s brother is a staunch bachelor, dragging you down.”
###Ye Shiting in the video smiled, who knows if he believed it or not. noveldrama
Fu Zhuo, sitting in the passenger’s seat, did believe, indignantly stating: “Boss, I always feel that there’s more to this story than what meets the eye. The pairing of marriage candidates by the civil affairs bureau is supposed to be based on big data analysis to find the most compatible matches, usually matching pairs of equal social statuses. But Miss Ye by any view, doesn’t match up to you…” 
“Doesn’t she?” 
The voice of Mr. Ye was as cold as a glacier. There were certain things that only he was allowed to say. If anyone else said them, he found them unbearable to hear. 
Unaware of his infuriating remarks, Fu Zhuo continued: “Far from being a match, that Miss Ye, except for her excellent academics, appealing appearance, has no other qualities to boast about! More importantly, she had a previous romantic engagement but was dumped by the guy. If a common university student didn’t even find her up to the mark, now you are to accept her, it’s like you lowering yourself to pick up someone’s cast-off…” 
Before Fu Zhuo could finish his words, Mr. Ye had already pushed the door and stepped out of the car. 
Seeing him getting off the car amidst heavy rain, Fu Zhuo immediately called out in panic: “Boss, why are you getting off in such heavy rain?” 
Mr. Ye slammed the car door with a pop, it felt like a slap in the face for Fu Zhuo: “To pick up the cast-off.” 
* 
Ye Xingguang picked up her solemn government-issued marriage certificate, successfully took care of her graduation process, and received her long-cherished graduation certificate and degree certificate. 
She went back to the dormitory to pack her luggage, but because of the pouring rain outside, she didn’t dare to step out. 
A gust of cold wind laden with rain swept in, causing her to retreat in fear, terrified of the rain falling onto her sandals. 
Damn it, she hated rainy weather. If her feet got wet, she feared she’d sprout a fishtail. 
To add insult to injury, her ex-boyfriend, Yun Chen, was standing under an umbrella outside the dormitory building in the rain curtain, defending Rebecca Perry unfairly. 
“Xingguang, do you think this is fair? We broke up peacefully, I never cheated on you before we broke up, but now you’re slandering Rebecca on the school forum, calling her a home wrecker. Can’t you show some dignity after the break-up? Your actions really make me feel blind for liking you before!” 
Isn’t she the one who was blind? 
She still remembered how Yun Chen had turned her down when she was excited to go to the civil affair’s bureau to get their marriage certificate that morning. Yun Chen told her: 
“Xingguang, Rebecca was dumped, she’s the campus flower of C University. If the school sends her to the civil affairs bureau for a marriage arrangement, she will become a laughing stock. Now she wants to marry me … I’m sorry, I can’t just stand by and do nothing.” 
Even now, thinking about Yun Chen’s words made her laugh. 
If the campus flower Rebecca went to the civil affairs bureau for a marriage arrangement, she would become a laughing stock, but she wouldn’t become a laughing stock as the faculty flower? 
If she hadn’t feared that her looks were too striking and always toned them down with makeup to appear ordinary, how could Rebecca be considered the campus flower? 
Also, “When did I slander Rebecca on the school forum?” 
“You dare to do it, but you won’t admit it, right? Ask yourself, did I ever do anything to wrong you during our relationship? We broke up simply because I felt you were not suitable to be my wife. You’re too delicate. Just like now, you never walk in such weather, you either want me to carry you or stay in the dormitory and refuse to go out. How many times have you refused to go out with me in the rain? With your delicate personality, which man would willingly take you home as his wife?”
###Ye Xingguang gazed at the cold rain outside the door, “I am not delicate…” 
“If you are not delicate, then come out from under the eaves now, stand in front of me, and walk around the campus with me. Let me believe that you are afraid of losing me more than you are afraid of getting your shoes wet in the rain.” 
Standing in the pouring rain, Yun Chen looked at her as if he was giving her one last chance to prove she wasn’t delicate. 
Yet, Ye Xingguang stood inside the door, unwilling to move even half a step forward, even finding his words amusing. Were such words not funny in such circumstances? 
Seeing his scumbag nature, who would risk taking a step forward to expose her identity to him? 
Had all the men in the world died? 
Did she absolutely have to depend on him? 
Yun Chen laughed at himself, “See, this is how little I mean to you! Let it be, stop maliciously attacking Ying Ying with the fact that I cheated on you. She is not like you.” 
Having said that, Yun Chen angrily walked away, leaving Ye Xingguang standing there, looking up at the sky to hold back her tears, but to no avail. 
She told herself not to cry; he was just a lousy man, not worth it. But her heart refused to comply and the pain was unbearable. 
Under the rain curtain, a tall and distinguished man walked casually in the rain. Passing by the furious Yun Chen, he gave him a scornful look, a natural-born dangerous aura that sent a chill down Yun Chen’s spine. 
Yun Chen had no idea where the man’s hostility originated. Bewildered, he saw two intimidating bodyguards holding umbrellas for the man. Not daring to provoke him further, Yun Chen quickened his pace. 
Ye Junqing gave a cold laugh, no longer paying attention to Yun Chen. Instead, he slowly walked over to the girl who was afraid of the rain… noveldrama
When he reached the girl, whose tears were streaming down her face because of another man, Ye Junqing didn’t offer any comfort. Instead, he simply picked up Ye Xingguang and threw her onto his back. 
Ye Xingguang was startled, “What are you doing?” 
“Didn’t your ex-boyfriend say you are delicate and need to be carried when it rains?” 
Ye Xingguang wanted to say, to hell with being delicate, but before she could, the man’s commanding voice cut her off: “Stay still and wipe your tears! Every tear you shed now is evidence of your cheating during your official period together. Be careful, or I’ll make sure you end up in jail.” 
Ye Xingguang had never seen a man act so unreasonable. She wiped the corner of her eye firmly and pushed the man’s back, “I don’t need you to carry me.” 
“Are you sure?” His voice was dangerously low. 
“Of course.” 
She thought that the proud Ye Junqing, upon hearing her words, would certainly throw her off his back and walk away. 
But Ye Junqing ignored her. When his two dutiful bodyguards raised their umbrellas, he strode into the rain with her on his back, throwing out a retort she couldn’t refute: “Too bad the state requires me to carry you. See if you can resist me.” 
“…” 
“As long as you don’t mess with me, I will never take the initiative to mess with you in this lifetime! Unfortunately, you just need to be taken care of…” 
Ye Xingguang: “…” 
Why did she get the feeling that his tone suggested she owed him millions? 
It wasn’t her who deliberately drew his lot, it was selected by the system! 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to discuss this lose-lose issue. Seeing the pouring rain outside the umbrella, she didn’t dare to take it lightly, fearing her feet would come in contact with the water. As a gust of wind mixed with cold rain blew over, she subconsciously held onto the man’s neck. 
After all, this road leading to the campus was quite long. Who knew if he would make her walk by herself halfway?
###Ye Junqing noticed her movement, a hint of an extreme gentleness fluttered around his cold mouth, which he didn’t even realize. He held her more steadily even though he was still burning with fury, resenting her for her provocation! 
He had really decided to avoid any contact with her for the rest of his life, but now, he had no choice but to carry her on his back! 
Damn woman, always tormenting him like this! 
Tormenting to the point of driving him insane! 
Ye Xingguang had no idea what was on Ye Junqing’s mind, but as she lay on the man’s back, her gaze inevitably fell on his handsome profile. She had to admit, the man’s looks were beyond ordinary. 
In this era of internet development, it’s not hard to spot attractive people, such as movie stars, pop idols, trendy young actors… icy and aloof types, sunny and warm-hearted ones, devilishly charming types, fresh and seductive… 
But if they were to stand in front of this man, wouldn’t they all pale in comparison and feel ashamed? 
The charm of this man was too strong, dangerous yet powerful, proud and indifferent, exuding a unique domineering aura. Yet, he seemed to harbor endless sorrow, especially his expressive lips, always giving a sense of profound hurt. 
Hmm… profound hurt? 
Is she crazy? How could she think that? 
This man was obviously cold and harsh. Two bodyguards were holding umbrellas for them, treating him with utmost respect, as if they were serving an emperor. But he was not moved, if they didn’t hold the umbrella properly and let the rain in, his cold gaze would make them tremble all over. 
Such a man would surely be ruthless and emotionless, how could he possibly be hurt by love? 
Forget it… she should stop thinking about him and focus on herself. 
Ye Xingguang said, “Didn’t you have Attorney Xi come to talk to me and ask me to reject the arranged marriage? Why did you suddenly change your mind?” 
“Forced by circumstance!” Ye Junqing replied tersely. 
What kind of circumstances could have forced him to give up on the unique national treasure, Xia Yanyan? 
“My brother is running for the presidential election, we cannot afford to give our political enemies any leverage. Or else, do you think I would accept you?” His low voice was cold, as if he were filled with gunpowder. 
“So that’s the reason?” 
No wonder Ye Junqing changed his mind at the last minute and rushed to the civil affairs bureau to stop her from signing the marriage papers. 
“What else did you think? Did you think it was love at first sight?” 
Ye Xingguang retorted, “Who would think that?” 
She remained silent, but the man’s pride was affected. So, to save face, he added, “You better not be harboring any delusions about me. One year from now, I’ll pay the penalty, and then you can get lost!” noveldrama
His words were annoying to hear, and Ye Xingguang retorted, “Who’s harboring delusions? Don’t flatter yourself. I am just as forced as you are. I’d love to stick to your plan!” 
Her tone was just as defiant. 
Even though she had agreed to his plan, the man carrying her still couldn’t shake off his anger and his rage only grew hotter, as if provoked by her words. 
The next moment, his warning came crashing down, “It’s better for you not to have any fantasies. But this year, if you dare shed tears because of someone else, just try it and see!”
###Upon hearing the words, Ye Xingguang immediately swallowed the trace of sadness in her heart! 
She wouldn’t dare shed a tear for Yun Chen, he wasn’t worth it, that dog man, she was blind! 
Luckily, she was conservative and had never kissed Yun Chen or ventured into the woods. Otherwise, she would have been at a huge loss! 
Ye Xingguang took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down, “Actually, I don’t want to affect your brother’s election either. I’m still a fan of your brother. Among all the presidential candidates, I appreciate him the most and hope that he can succeed and become the President. So, if there is anything you need me to do, just let me know.” 
“Just stay away from me!” 
Ye Junqing coldly threw out a sentence: “The farther the better! In the future at home, if you see me, consciously step back! Don’t affect my life!” 
What the hell?! 
Did she have such a big influence on his life? 
This man was simply unreasonable. Couldn’t he speak properly? 
* 
The capital of country A had a central island, a place that ordinary people could only admire from distance and yearned for. It was a symbol of power and status, and the common people had no chance to uncover its mysterious veil. 
Ye Xingguang thought she would never have the chance to enter the central island in her life, but to her surprise, she had lived on the central island for half a month because the Ye’s family mansion was on the island. noveldrama
The Ye family was huge. She had lived there for half a month and hadn’t finished exploring it. Of course, this was also because she didn’t dare to wander around, due to the strict security of the Ye family, which made it look prestigious and mysterious. She had to live very cautiously. 
After Ye Junqing brought her home that day, he disappeared without a trace. 
She left early and returned late every day and didn’t meet him again. 
She didn’t know whether he hadn’t come home or intentionally avoided her as he said he didn’t want to see her. 
That was better, otherwise she didn’t know how to deal with him in such awkward daily encounters. 
Another night of disappointment after a job interview… 
The more Ye Xingguang thought about it, the more upset she was. She applied for KOCO TV station. Although her written test and interview scores were excellent, due to the limited recruitment quota of the TV station, she was outdone by someone with connections! 
That person was none other than her ex-boyfriend’s new wife! 
Rebecca Perry! 
Are they forcing her to use connections too? 
She specialized in selling regret pills, which were priceless but limited. She only made one deal per month. Coincidentally, last month’s customer was a big media mogul. 
Should she exploit her connections and ask that media mogul to write a recommendation letter for her to KOCO TV station while he was still grateful to her? 
Ye Xingguang took out her cell phone, messaged the media mogul, and finally felt a sense of relief. Who doesn’t have connections in this era? 
Then she took a shower, dried her hair, sat on the bed applying lotion, only to find many red rashes on her legs, and she couldn’t help but frown. 
This was the consequence of long-term suppression of her tail. 
If she kept suppressing, more rashes would appear. She really needed to find a place with water to swim freely. 
But where could she go swimming? 
Ye Xingguang opened the balcony door. Next to the villa, there was a mermaid swimming pool, tempting her every day. 
A housemaid told her that the mermaid swimming pool was specially designed by Ye Junqing for Xia Yanyan… 
Huh, why should all the good things be reserved for Xia Yanyan to enjoy? 
After midnight, when the whole villa became completely silent and everyone was asleep, Ye Xingguang couldn’t stand the itching in her legs, and she sneaked into the mermaid swimming pool.
###After swimming quite a few laps, his uncomfortableness finally began to ease. 
Ye Xingguang lay comfortably in the swimming pool, looking up at the ceiling. 
The swimming club was indeed meticulously designed, the overall appearance was that of a beautifully sculpted mermaid. The interior design was filled with the kind of romance loved by women, the second floor swimming pool was at least five times bigger than a regular one, swimming in it was very enjoyable. 
What was most breathtaking was the starlit pool ceiling. 
It was some sort of advanced technology; the ceiling shimmered with incredibly romantic stardust, just like a real night sky. Within the stars, there was also a bright, lustrous moon, shedding a soft ‘moonlight’, as gentle as the real moonlight, reflecting a rippling water reflection. 
Below the night sky, there was a 2D mermaid, sitting on a gigantic rock by the shoreline, combing her hair with her hand. 
No wonder the servants said that Ye Junqing liked the national goddess Xia Yanyan, he had even painstakingly built a swimming pool for her, what an awfully tasteless man he was? 
Tang Zhou had played till late at night before returning home. He wanted to use the swimming club, since Brother Qing’s pool would just be left there empty anyway… 
Ye Xingguang had only heard the footsteps when Tang Zhou had already come to the second floor. 
Being slightly goofy, Tang Zhou, fueled by the alcohol, kicked open the door of the swimming pool. 
There was a loud bang. 
Ye Xingguang jumped in fright. 
Who would have thought that someone would come swimming in the middle of the night? 
In her panic, without thinking, she dove headfirst into the pool. 
Her beautiful mermaid tail, under the starry moonlight, seemed to have absorbed the essence of all colors, radiating a pearl-like glow, casting a stunning parabolic curve in the air. 
“Damn!” 
Tang Zhou was totally stunned! 
He was on the phone with Ji Qishu, on the other end of the line, Ji Qishu heard him curse and responded, “For fuck’s sake! Is it because I didn’t call you a driver? Aren’t you home safe anyway?” 
Tang Zhou slowed down only for a second and then leapt up excitedly: “I’m not yelling at you, fuck! Bro, I saw a mermaid!” 
“Did you see Xia Yanyan?” noveldrama
“No, a mermaid even more beautiful than Xia Yanyan, damn, that unique color, I can’t describe it, it’s so beautiful, ah ah ah, bro, I’m finally in love!” 
Tang Zhou wished he could immediately plunge into the water. But a deep, authoritative voice came from behind him: “What are you doing here in the middle of the night?” 
Tang Zhou stopped in his tracks and turned around: “Brother Qing?” 
“Mmm.” 
Ye Junqing was wearing a set of pajamas, leisurely strolling in. His pace was slow and relaxed while climbing the steps. 
Tang Zhou wanted to rush towards the mesmerizing mermaid, he wanted to tell Qing to walk faster, but he didn’t have the audacity, so he said anxiously: “Brother Qing, why haven’t you gone to bed so late?” 
Ye Junqing shot back with a question, “You stink of alcohol, where have you been causing trouble this time?” 
“Chess book wanted to propose, he insisted on making me drink a few rounds with him, asking for advice.” 
Tang Zhou’s phone call hadn’t ended yet. On the other side, Ji Qishu heard Tang Zhou’s blame and yelled, “Tang Zhou, you bloody liar! Clearly, you were the one saying that Leng Chenmo, the central figure of the Leng family, had tumbled into a rut, a tiger, now like a stray dog being bullied by others. You insisted on making me accompany you to the bar to watch the fun, even saying you wanted to splash the cash, and make him bend over and tie your shoes for you in the future. That’s why I accompanied you to the bar until midnight!”
###Tang Zhou immediately hung up the phone to stop Ji Qishu from continuing to speak. He then excitedly said to Ye Junqing, “Junqing, there’s a mermaid inside, even more beautiful than Xia Yanyan!” 
“Did you have too much to drink?” 
“Absolutely not, don’t you know my drinking capacity? Come over quickly. Let’s go and take a look together. I guarantee you’ll feast your eyes.” 
Tang Zhou, itching with impatience, hastened Ye Junqing’s languid ascent up the steps. When Ye Junqing neared, Tang Zhou immediately made a welcoming gesture for him to go ahead. He followed behind, rubbing his hands together excitedly. 
Ye Junqing leisurely sauntered into the swimming pool area and swept his gaze around, “Where’s the mermaid?” 
“That’s strange. She was in the swimming pool just now.” 
Tang Zhou rushed to turn on the lights and peered into the rippling water of the pool, not sparing even the smallest corner. His eyes acted like searchlights. 
However, the pool was so clear and blue. If there was indeed a mermaid, she would be clearly visible. 
Scratching his head, Tang Zhou exclaimed, “That’s impossible! I clearly saw her just now. Was it an illusion?” 
Ye Junqing gave him a cold look, “Go home and sober up.” 
With that, he swung his long legs and departed. 
Noticing that Tang Zhou hadn’t followed him as he reached the entrance, Ye Junqing looked back, “Aren’t you coming?” noveldrama
“Junqing, I genuinely saw her. I didn’t mistake it. Maybe she hid somewhere. I’ll go look.” 
Ye Junqing’s voice grew colder, “Next time you dare to stay out until the middle of the night, I will break your legs!” 
“But I really…” 
Unfortunately, before Tang Zhou could finish, Ye Junqing had already left. The silent pool was left with the authoritative echo, “Keep up.” 
Defeated, Tang Zhou could only stiffly follow him. As he got to the entrance of the swimming area, he was muttering, “Could I really be that drunk?” 
Only after Ye Xingguang and others left did she emerge from an obscure portal. 
Having escaped a disaster unscathed, she heaved a sigh. Fortunately, she had narrowly avoided exposing herself. 
Wiping away sweat, Ye Xingguang muttered to herself: Oh well, I can’t afford not to hide my true self. Otherwise, I would have to return home to claim the throne! 
In the middle of the night, making sure that there were no movements outside, Ye Xingguang discreetly slinked out of the mermaid swimming club. 
Upon returning to the villa, she poured herself a glass of water. As she sat on the living room couch, drinking her water, she lifted her nightgown to check her legs. The rash seemed to have faded, and it didn’t itch anymore. That was a relief. 
After Ye Junqing dismissed Tang Zhou, he returned to the villa to find a charming girl sitting on the couch, lifting her robe to admire her slender and unwieldy legs. 
Suddenly, Ye Junqing’s face darkened. 
Does this woman know that by doing this, she becomes the source of sin in every man’s eyes? 
Unwilling to be enchanted any longer, he shouted, “What are you doing?” 
Ye Xingguang wasn’t expecting that someone would enter from outside in the middle of the night. When her chastised by a cold voice, she was startled, causing her to lose her grip on her hot water. The cup of hot water spilled onto her legs, scorching her and making her gasp in pain. 
“Ah, it’s so hot!” Ye Xingguang cried out as she jumped from the pain. 
Ye Junqing’s face tightened. Almost instinctively, he rushed over. When he saw her creamy-white skin visibly reddening from the scald, instead of offering comfort, his voice was unusually cold, “You fool! Can’t you even hold a cup without dropping it!”
###Chapter 14: Did She Accidentally Sleep in the Wrong Room Last Night? _1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang was furious, “You have the nerve to blame me! If you hadn’t made a sudden sound, would I have been scared enough to lose grip on the water cup?” 
She was going to return to her room to fetch a cold towel, but Ye Junqing held her back, “Stay seated, don’t move!” noveldrama
“What on earth for?” 
“When I tell you to sit down and don’t move, then sit down and don’t move. Stop asking so many questions!” 
Ye Junqing scolded sharply, turned around and started rummaging through a drawer in the living room table for the burn ointment. The man, who had searched two drawers before finding the ointment, turned around only to find that Ye Xingguang had stood up. He shot her an icy, warning look, “Try moving even one bit.” 
Ye Xingguang: . 
Seeing the man walking over with the ointment, she shut her mouth just in time and extended her hand, “Thank you.” 
Ye Junqing glanced at her, but didn’t hand her the burn ointment. Instead, he unscrewed the cap, very much intending to apply it for her. 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback. The burn was on her thigh, which made her a bit embarrassed. Ungainly, she said, “l can do it myself.” 
“You can’t even hold a cup of water steady, what can you do right?” Ye Junqing didn’t give her the chance to apply it herself. Seeing her skin burned red, he felt irritated and annoyed. 
The burn ointment was applied to the area, giving a cool sensation. 
Ye Xingguang told herself to temporarily forgive the man for his fiery tone. 
Under the light, despite the man’s unpleasant expression, his features were too handsome. She couldn’t help but gawk. Even though his tone wasn’t great, he did quickly find the ointment for her, and his careful application was commendable. 
Once all the burn areas had been covered with ointment, Ye Junqings expression finally softened. 
Raising his head, he found the woman was looking at him, his gaze chilled, “What are you looking at?” 
Ye Xingguang suddenly came to her senses, “Thank you.” 
Ye Junqing was momentarily stunned. She had never thanked him before no matter how good he had been to her. Now, just because he helped her apply ointment, she was thanking him? For what? 
Perhaps unaccustomed to it, Ye Junqing, with a cold face, stood up and said, “l didn’t do it for you! Don’t flatter yourself.” 
“Then why?” 
Ye Junqing coldly throws out a sentence, “So the civil affairs bureau wouldn’t accuse me of domestic abuse when they come for a home visit!” 
Ye Xingguang: 
As if afraid she wouldn’t believe him, Ye Junqing coldly added, “What are you doing standing there? Didn’t I tell you to keep your distance when you see me?” 
“…” This man, really! 
Ye Xingguang stomped up the stairs, returned to her room, immediately locked the door, climbed onto the bed, and covered herself with the quilt to sleep. 
Ye Junqing sat in the living room for a long time, his mind in turmoil as he thought about things. When he finally went upstairs and tried to push open his own bedroom door, he encountered resistance. He grabbed the door handle, gave it a strong push, and frowned slightly. Was it locked from the inside? 
Who was in there? 
The next morning, Ye Xingguang woke up naturally. As was her habit, she stretched out her hand to grab her pillow, but groped for a while and couldn’t find her usual large pillow on the bed. 
She yawned and looked around, and then it all hit her! 
Something seemed very off about this room? 
She remembered her own bedroom was decorated with a feminine touch, very soft, but this room was devoid of any softness. Every piece of furniture and accessory in the room exuded a masculine vibe. The only thing soft in the room was the ceiling. 
The ceiling of this bedroom was identical to that of a mermaid swimming pool. The effect during the day was slightly less impressive. However, lying on the bed at night and looking up at the ceiling, one could certainly fall asleep beneath a starry sky… 
But Ye Xingguang had no time to appreciate it. Her mind was exploding, this… wasn’t her room? 
Whose room was it then?
###Chapter 15: I Want to Marry Her! _1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Looking at the photo album on the bedside table, Ye Xingguangs mind exploded once again, was this Ye Junqings room? 
What’s done is done! What will Ye Junqing think of her? 
Ye Xingguang didn’t know with what kind of mood she walked downstairs for breakfast, just as she reached the living room, she heard an excited young man’s voice. 
“Brother Qing, I thought about it all night, I’m sure I didn’t see it wrong, last night there was definitely a mermaid swimming in the pool, I went to the pool specially this morning to carefully check, and then 1 found this fish scale.” Ye Xingguang paused, fish scale? 
Last night, she climbed out of the swimming pool in a hurry, in her panic, her tail hit something, and the pain made her gasp, could it be that a fish scale was knocked off then? 
Damn it, how could she be so careless? To even leave behind evidence! 
“Is this real, is this a fish scale?” 
The dining room sounded with the voice of a strange man, called Ji Qishu, who was two years older than Tang Zhou, and this year he was twenty-four. 
Tang Zhou shouted: “What else could this be if not a fish scale? look at the color of this fish scale, radiating a pearl-like luster amidst the gold and blue, too captivating, too beautiful, I am in love with her, oh, my dream mermaid, from this moment on, she is my first love!” 
Ji Qishu glanced at him: “Didn’t you give away your first love when you were three years old?” 
“Nonsense, from now on, my one and only first love is her! 1 must find her, she must be in this mansion, I want to make her my wife!” 
Just as Tang Zhou declared his feelings, he heard Ye Junqing say: “Go investigate the matter of the Z City and the Phoenix Village in Yang Town, Fu Zhuo, buy a flight ticket for Xiao Zhou today, this matter is quite urgent, buy a morning flight ticket, leave as soon as possible.” 
Tang Zhou jumped up: “What? Investigate the matter in Z City and Phoenix Village in Yang Town, why assign me? That backwater place, there must be? lots of mosquitoes in the summer, and there may not even be a guest house, it’s not a place for a precious son like me, Brother Qing, you should send someone else.’ 
“l only trust you.” Ye Junqing gave him a look of trust. 
The simple-minded Tang Zhou was immediately moved by this trust to the point of being dizzy, eager to set off immediately, regardless of any hardship. 
“Leave the fish scale.’ noveldrama
Tang Zhou was again rebellious, holding it in his palm like a treasure: “Why?” Ye Junqing said: “Leave it, I will help you investigate your first love.” 
“Oh oh, right, Brother Qing, you should take good care of it, don’t lose it for me, 1 plan to find a jewelry store, to help me set it into a pendant to hang around my neck, it is the token of love between me and my first love.” 
Ye Xingguang walked into the dining room, feeling chills in her heart. 
Following the voice, she didn’t expect that the one who cherished her fish scale so much was a very flamboyant man. 
Although he was flamboyant, his movements were not feminine and his face was too delicate and feminine, making him exceptionally refined, the most charming part about him were those eyes, clean and devoid of any impurity, full of spirituality. 
There was also a reclusive man in the dining room named MO Fei, who looked very masculine but spoke very little, he was engrossed in eating his breakfast. 
MO Fei, Tang Zhou, Ji Qishu, and Fu Zhuo, all shared the same identity, they were all the adopted sons of the Ye’s family. 
Ye Junqings father had once served in the army and in an accident, all his comrades in the same squad died. After retiring, Ye Junqings father brought the children of his comrades home to raise. Although they were not biological siblings, they grew up together, and the feelings were even stronger than that of biological brothers. 
It was all not worth it for Ye Junqing who had been shaken by an ordinary girl. 
As soon as Ye Xingguang entered the dining room, the atmosphere fell silent, everyone treated her like air, it was extremely awkward. 
Touching her nose, she planned to escape, if she had known Ye Junqing hadn’t left yet, she absolutely wouldn’t have come down. 
But Ji Qishu received a phone call, he very enthusiastically pulled out the chair next to Ye Junqing: “Brother Qing, this is the girl who won your heart, right? Her name is Ye Xingguang, isn’t it?” 
Although Ye Junqing remained silent, Ji Qishu took the initiative to wave at Ye Xingguang: “Little Xingguang, come sit down, the civil affairs bureau will be here soon for a home visit.’ 
Ye Xingguang paused: “Home visit?”
###Chapter 16: What Evidence Can She Provide? 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
“Right, a home visit, be on your best behavior little Xingguang, don’t hold 
Hangqing back. ” 
Even though the Civil Affairs Bureau staff mentioned there would be a spontaneous home visit, she didn’t expect it to happen so quickly. 
“Relax, I know what to do. I guarantee the task will be completed.” 
She had no idea how the news of Ye Junqing being single had leaked, now the internet was buzzing with gossips, countless posts had been made by curious netizens discussing if the girl who got Ye Junqing is already lying in a coffin? 
Ye Shitings political opponents were continuously using this incident as their news source, trying to influence Ye Shitings public support. noveldrama
Ye Shiting was also the presidential candidate she supported. As a supporter of Ye Shiting, she needed to let the Civil Affairs Bureau know that she’s doing great at Ye Junqings house. 
Just as predicted, she had just taken a few bites when the butler ushered in a man and a woman from the Civil Affairs Bureau into the dining room. 
“Miss Ye, Mr. Ye, hello, we’re from the Civil Affairs Bureau and are here for a home visit. Don’t be nervous; we’re just here to ask some daily life questions. 
Please answer truthfully as you can.” 
“Mm-hmm, feel free to ask.” Ye Xingguang put down her soup spoon. 
Ye Junqings aura was too cold and strong, he ate elegantly like a chilly statue, without lifting his eyelids. The staff of the Civil Affairs Bureau decided to start with the easy target first. 
One staff member asked, and the other took notes, “Miss Ye, have you been comfortable living here these days?” 
Ye Xingguang: “Yes, the food is great, the accommodation is excellent, and I get new clothes. There is a car for commuting as well, Ye Junqing takes good care of me.’ 
Staff nodded and asked, “Miss Ye, have you and Mr. Ye made any contribution to increase the population recently?” 
What? 
Ye Xingguang was so embarrassed by the cunningly elusive question, she didn’t know where to hide her face. 
Realizing that she was embarrassed, the staff softened their questioning, 
“Miss Ye, where did you sleep last night?” 
Ye Xingguang, gathering courage, said, “In Ye Junqings bedroom.” 
The staff of the Civil Affairs Bureau seemed a bit skeptical, “Niiss Ye, do you have any proof to show that you are actively contributing to the population increase?” 
Despite the heavy pressure in the dining room, the Civil Affairs Bureau staff persistently pursued, “According to the regulations, you two must have put in an effort to increase the population within half a month of living together. We are just following routine procedures and don’t mean to pry into your privacy. Please provide some evidence to facilitate our report.” 
Just how serious is the aging issue in country A for the Civil Affairs Bureau to ask such embarrassing questions? 
Ye Xingguang secretly rubbed her forehead and glanced at the powerful man sitting next to her with the corner of her eyes, hoping for his help. What should she do now? 
What proof could she provide? 
Would it be considered holding him back if she couldn’t provide evidence? 
Regrettably, the man who has not been asked kept an indifferent attitude, continuing to eat breakfast in peace and elegance, with a noble and powerful aura, leaving her alone to deal with the difficult questions. 
Oddly enough, because the Civil Affairs Bureau staff feared stronger individuals and picked on the weaker ones, they did not dare to initiate questions with him and only kept pestering her..
###Chapter 17: Ye Xingguang, say that again to me!_1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
After Ye Xingguangs plea for rescue fell on deaf ears with Ye Junqing, she couldn’t help but pin her hopes on the other men at the dining table. 
However, all the others at the table followed suit, just like Ye Junqing, focused on eating their meals in an ultra-aristocratic style, silent as a touch. 
Ye Xingguang screamed internally, they were all letting her die without lifting a finger! 
“Miss Ye, if you can’t provide evidence, shall we consider it null and void?” 
“Wait, how do others usually provide proof?” 
The civil affairs bureau staff pulled out some photos for her to look at. 
“These were provided as evidence by other respondents.” 
Ye Xingguang glanced at them and suddenly had an idea, greatly inspired: “l have some.’ 
Upon hearing this, before the staff from the civil affairs bureau could react, Fu Zhuo, Ji Qishu, Tang Zhou, and MO Fei at the table simultaneously looked at her with disbelief, even more than the civil affairs bureau staff. 
Ye Xingguang felt humiliated and wished the ground would swallow her up. 
Why are they staring? Not only did they refuse to help, but they also didn’t want her to figure out a solution? 
Bracing herself, Ye Xingguang took off her shoes, raised her foot, and pointed to her heel: “Can this count as evidence?” 
The staff member from the civil affairs bureau was stunned: “What is this?” 
“A kiss mark!” 
Ye Xingguang declared without blushing or skipping a beat. 
Who knew who was sipping on soup, but they suddenly spat it out on hearing her words. 
Ye Xingguang shot the mood breaker a glare and then confidently said, “Accept it! 
The back of her heel was red, a result of scraping off fish scales the previous night. It vaguely resembled the photos given by the civil affairs bureau staff. The only evidence she could think of, should she give in and accept defeat? 
The staff member from the civil affairs bureau: . 
Fu Zhuo + Ji Qishu + Tang Zhou + MO Fei: . 
The next second, everyone turned their gaze towards Ye Junqing. Does he have such a peculiar fetish? 
Ye Junqings face turned exceedingly black in an instant. He glared at her, infuriated. Damn it, say that again! 
Ye Xingguang didn’t dare to look at Ye Junqing. To deal with the civil affairs bureau staff, she gathered her courage, her face turning red and resolutely insisted, “This is the real evidence he left on me last night!” 
The staff member, who possibly could be Ye Shitings political enemy, unable to find a lead on Ye Xingguang, switched their target and fearlessly started questioning the domineering Ye Junqing. 
“Mr. Ye, to testify that Miss Ye is not falsifying information, you only need to answer one question.” 
Although Ye Junqing didn’t pay any attention to the civil affairs bureau staff, giving off a gloomy aura, this didn’t stop them from initiating their questioning. 
“Mr. Ye, Miss Ye has an old scar on her lower back, could you please specify its exact location.’ noveldrama
“Three inches to the left of the coccyx.” 
Ye Junqings reply came immediately. Taken aback, Ye Xingguang wondered how he knew about it? 
That scar was noted when she filled out information at the civil affairs bureau, but Ye Junqing couldn’t have seen it. How did he know it so clearly? 
Ye Xingguang subconsciously touched her lower back. Did he really not sneak into her room last night with ulterior motives? 
Their answers were watertight. The civil affairs bureau staff couldn’t find any discrepancies. After taking photos for documentation, they excused themselves. 
After the civil affairs bureau staff left, Ye Junqing couldn’t suppress his temper anymore and shot her a dangerous glance: “Ye Xingguang, say it one more time, what’s on the back of your foot?”
###Chapter 18: Prevent Her from Falling in Love with Me 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang pleaded innocently, “I had no choice, or else I wouldn’t have any other evidence, and nobody helped me when I gave you guys a signal. And now, you have the audacity to blame me.” 
“You shouldn’t have told them, no!” The man grit his teeth. 
Ye Xingguang was surprised, “Can I say there’s nothing?” 
Fu Zhuo standing nearby said, “Miss Ye, you can say there’s nothing. Although according to the rules, both of you should have made an effort to increase the population during your cohabitation period of half a month. But if there’s really nothing, the civil affairs bureau staff can’t punish you. At most, they could educate you verbally. Didn’t you read the ‘Living Conduct During Official Match’ given by the civil affairs bureau?” 
“…” She really hadn’t read it. 
She wouldn’t have told a lie if she had known this. 
Ye Xingguang cautiously asked, “What happened? I’ve already said it. Once said, it’s like water spilled… I’m sorry for damaging your image, but I really didn’t mean to. But how did you know about the old scar three inches left of my tailbone?” 
A complex, dark gleam flashed in Ye Junqings eyes, but he did not answer her. He wore an expression of disdain, as if he didn’t want to talk to her, and continued the meal. 
Ye Xingguang was terribly curious… 
But she didn’t know, and she didn’t dare to ask. 
To cover up her embarrassment, she took out her phone and quietly ate breakfast while browsing campus recruitment. 
Even though she had messaged a media mogul last night asking for a recommendation letter, she still had no news… 
Ji Qishu leaned his head over, “Are you job hunting, Little Starlight?” 
“Mm.” 
“What kind of job are you looking for? Do you want Big Brother to help you out?” noveldrama
Without hesitation, Ye Xingguang said, “One with high pay and good treatment.” 
“Wow, want to shoot for the moon straight after graduation?” 
Ye Xingguang retorted, “At least I graduated from a prestigious broadcast and film university. What’s wrong with wanting a high-paying job? I wanted to go to a TV station, but despite having excellent written and oral test grades, I was pushed aside due to a lack of connections!” 
“Which TV station was so blind to reject the official wife of my brother 
Junqing? Tell me, brother will take care of them for you.” 
“KOCO Television.’ 
Ji Qishu was taken aback. Wasn’t KOCO within his jurisdiction? 
Ye Junqing gave Ji Qishu a look 
Ji Qishu suddenly shivered. 
Why did he have to blabber so much? But Junqing had no feelings for Little Starlight, so he probably wouldn’t stick up for her, right? 
Ji Qishu was unsure about this. 
The rest of their breakfast ended in silence. 
As soon as they were done, Ye Junqing went out. 
“Check which position she applied for at KOCO Television and arrange her in.” When he got in the car, Ye Junqing dropped a command. 
Fu Zhuo nodded and made a phone call. Things were handled quickly. “Miss Ye applied as a TV reporter. She didn’t have any problem in the written and oral tests. But the position only had one vacancy, and the other girl, although she scored lower, had stronger connections, so she was the preferred candidate. Shall I have HR send her an offer letter?” 
Ye Junqing casually responded, not sure what to think, but then added, “Make sure she doesn’t find out it was arranged by me.” 
“Why?” Doing a good deed without leaving a name? 
Ye Junqings chilly aura icily dropped the words, “So she doesn’t fall in love with me.’ 
‘ His Lordship’s concern is very necessary! 
However, Fu Zhuo thought carefully about Junqings tone, and found an inflection of self-mockery, as if implying “how could she possibly fall in love with me?” 
Could it be his misconception?
###Chapter 19: The Carp Girl Suspected of Domestic Violence 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang hadn’t expected that, just after having breakfast, she would receive a call from KOCO TV Station. 
“Really? I’ve been accepted? I’m going to report to the TV station today?” 
“Yes, Miss Ye, please come over before ten o’clock to complete the documentation.’ 
“Okay, okay, I’ll be right there.” 
Ye Xingguang jumped with excitement, the media mogul who had bought her regret medicine really delivered! 
After hanging up, Ye Xingguang hurried to KOCO TV Station, completed her internship procedures, and was assigned to a senior colleague for a period of time. That senior was none other than Chang Qinghua, the famous interview journalist of KOCO TV Station! 
She always saw Chang Qinghua in the news reports, not only was she attractive, but her professional competence was very high too. Following her, Ye Xingguang was sure that she could learn a lot. She was extremely satisfied. 
The only annoyance was that her assigned desk in the department was tightly connected to Rebecca Perrys desk. 
She could see her ex-boyfriend’s new wife as soon as she turned her head, and it was utterly displeasing. 
Rebecca Perry also looked frustrated. 
Ye Xingguang thought, she wasn’t the one with the guilty conscience, so she wasn’t afraid. She nonchalantly started to apply some ointment she had bought on the way to the back of her heel. Before she could finish, she heard the department director walking out of his office, saying: 
“Recently all the major media are deeply digging into the official match of the Group President Ye Junqing, and our department also needs to leverage our connections and resources to uncover the mysterious Koi girl as quickly as possible. This, besides the presidential election, is the hottest topic that the public is currently most concerned about. Everyone just look at the news on the internet, the Koi girl is again trending today.” 
What? She was trending again? 
Ye Xingguang immediately opened a webpage, and the trending headline suddenly hit her eyeballs: [The Koi Girl is Suspected to be a Victim of Domestic Violence] 
She clicked on the trending topic to look. 
Wasn’t this the photo of her heel taken by the staff at the Civil Affairs Bureau? 
Did the staff of the Civil Affairs Bureau have any intention of protecting citizens’ privacy? 
How shameless can they be? 
She seriously suspected that the Civil Affairs Bureau had been bought by Ye Shitings political opponents! 
She must call to complain about the Civil Affairs Bureau! 
The department director sounded as if he was on fire: “l just received the inside news from President Ji, and there is absolutely no domestic violence against the Koi girl. As a news media subordinated to the Ye’s group, we cannot allow these negative repoerts, which deliberately discredit Ye Junqing, to continue worsening. If Ye Junqings image is damaged, it will inevitably affect Ye Shitings popular support rate in the presidential election. Everyone should take action.’ noveldrama
In the A country, all major media are controlled by a few financial groups or large families, especially in the presidential election, the media has become one of the main battlegrounds for various presidential candidates to connect with the voters. 
This trending topic seemed to target Ye Junqing, but in fact, it was Ye Shitings political opponents attacking Ye Shiting. 
As the media KOCO, which supports presidential candidate Ye Shiting, naturally could not sit idly by and await its doom! 
“Director, can’t President Ji reveal the identity of the Koi girl, or let the Koi girl accept our interview? That way, we could directly slap in the face those media that maliciously slander Mr. Qing?” 
“Yes, there are regulations in the Civil Affairs Bureau that prohibit individuals and groups, other than the individual themselves and national judicial organs, from inquiring about a citizen’s official match. Mr.. Qing has sealed off all information about the Koi girl, where are we supposed to investigate the Koi girl, should we just rely on the wound on her heel?”
###Chapter 20: Are You The Carp Girl?_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
This sounded like a bit of dark humor invoking the search for the girl with the glass slipper. 
Ye Xingguang quickly withdrew her foot under the table. 
A simple act of concealment caught the attention of Rebecca Perry, who sat next to her. She frowned, wondering why Ye Xingguang was nervous. 
Ye Junqing had his spouse selected through a lottery draw by a female college student at the Civil Affairs Bureau in the northern district on July 1st. 
And Ye Xingguang… was she also organized by her school to participate in the lottery draw at the Northern District Civil Affairs Bureau to obtain a spouse on July 1st? 
An insane thought popped into Rebecca Perry’s mind, could it be Ye Xingguang who drew Ye Junqings lottery? 
How could that be possible? 
It was known that the distribution of spouses at the Civil Affairs Bureau was carried out through big data analysis, and it was usually a match of equal conditions. 
Ye Junqing and Xingguang were worlds apart, as different as heaven and earth. If Ye Junqing was the sun in the sky, then Xingguang was merely dust on the ground. 
Even if Ye Xingguang exhausted eight lifetimes of good luck, she wouldn’t be able to draw Ye Junqings lottery! 
Otherwise, if accepting Yun Chen brought good luck to Ye Xingguang, allowing her to draw Ye Junqing at the Civil Affairs Bureau, wouldn’t she vomit from disgust? 
But still, Rebecca Perry couldn’t rest assured and suddenly raised her voice, “Xingguang, how did you hurt your heel? You were also at the Northern District Civil Affairs Bureau drawing lots on July 1st, weren’t you? The girl with the carp who drew Ye Junqings lottery… it can’t be you, right?” 
Upon her remark, every senior colleague in the Department turned their attention toward Ye Xingguang. 
Chang Qinghua walked over and asked, “Xingguang, were you also at the 
Northern District Civil Affairs Bureau drawing lots for a spouse on July 1st?” noveldrama
“Uh … hehe … Yeah, but I’m not that lucky to draw Ye Junqing,” she responded. 
Chang Qinghua, with a keen sense of news, hesitated for a moment and said, 
“Rebecca said your foot is injured? Lift it up and let me see.” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to lift her foot but the senior colleagues all gathered around her, waiting for her to do so. 
Left with no choice, Ye Xingguang reluctantly lifted her foot. 
“Hey, why does this photo remind me of the injury on Xingguang’s heel? It’s quite similar.” 
“Xingguang, are you sure she in the photo isn’t you? Who did you draw as your designated spouse?” 
Ye Xingguang felt extremely nervous and chuckled awkwardly. “Haha…Why would you guys think that? The wound on my foot is due to new shoes. How could a girl from a remote island like me possibly draw someone like Ye Junqing?” 
Rebecca Perry was relieved and laughed, “That’s true. Civil Affairs Bureau’s lottery data always emphasizes that match should be equal in status and conditions. The carp girl who drew Ye Junqing must be a wealthy young lady who matches Ye Junqing in family background, appearance, personality, and values… But Xingguang, your conditions are ordinary, worlds apart from Ye 
Junqing.” 
Worlds apart, huh? 
Ye Xingguang didn’t appreciate the comment! 
If Xia Yanyan could be the bright moon in the hearts of A country’s men, then she, who was even more beautiful than Xia Yanyan, naturally wouldn’t be inferior! 
Especially since she was… 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip and stopped her thoughts. She never wanted to accept her noble identity in her life. 
However, if even big data determined that she was a match for Ye Junqing, maybe big data really was discerning! 
As she pondered, Fu Zhuo’s call came through. 
She hurriedly left the office and took the call in the corridor. 
Fu Zhuo: “Miss Ye, have you seen the news on the hot search?” 
Ye Xingguang: “Hmm.” 
Fu Zhuo: “If we let this matter continue, it will inevitably severely affect Master Qings image, which in turn will affect Master Tings popularity among the public. Therefore, we hope to get your cooperation to eliminate the impact..”
###Chapter 21: My Grandpa Qjng really likes me 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang: “You were saying?” 
Fu Zhuo: “I’ve registered a Weibo account for you and verified it. You can use it to post a clarification message on Weibo to clear up any misunderstandings. It seems the photo was leaked by the civil affairs bureau. They obviously didn’t believe what you said this morning, so they intentionally released it for public scrutiny. I suggest you show some affection, update your Weibo regularly, and write some posts about how well Ye treats you.” 
Ye Xingguang: “Alright.” 
Fu Zhuo: “I’ll send you the account and password. Post a Weibo message as soon as possible, and I’ll get it trending for you.” 
A Country also has Weibo, called Junxing Weibo. 
Junxing Company is a digital media company established under the Ye Corporation to serve A Country. Hence, getting verified is quick. If they want a trending topic on Junxing Weibo, it’s merely a matter of their backend staff lifting a finger. 
Ye Xingguang enters the account and password. She logs in to find the following information: 
Weibo nickname: XXXX 
Verified information: Ye l s official partner 
Following: Ye Jin 
Followers: Tang Zhou, Ji Qishu, Fu Zhuo, MO Fei… 
As for her Weibo posts, there are none. She’s got to post herself. noveldrama
But, what should she post? 
Fu Zhuo said the photo was intentionally published by the civil affairs bureau. Now, if she clarified that her heel injury was caused by shoes chafing, it would seem like she was going against the civil affairs bureau. Damn it. She was stuck between a rock and a hard place. 
After some thought, Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth and posted her first Weibo message: “Little strawberry! Do you understand? Accusing your idol’s partner of domestic abuse? Any media outlet that envies my good fortune and accuses me of being abused, await my lawyer’s letter! PS: My Ye loves my delicate feet, so what?” 
[Pfft…hahaha…this little starlight is just too adorable. She seems to think that just because Ye didn’t pick a bone with her this morning, she can keep acting recklessly. How can I repost and like this?] 
Tang Zhou, waiting for a flight at the airport, saw Ye Xingguangs Weibo post and immediately sent this voice message to his family group chat. 
Ji Qishu: [@Fu Zhuo, I can’t help with this. If I repost and like it, won’t Ye butcher me?] 
MO Fei: [Reposted.] 
Tang Zhou: 
Ji Qishu: 
Tang Zhou and Ji Qishu quickly checked Weibo, they wanted to see if their talkative brother was being serious. 
Unexpectedly, they really saw his repost: “Sister-in-law, I support you!’ 
Tang Zhou immediately switched back to WeChat: [@Mo Fei, isn’t it too early to call her that? Ye barely thinks of her!] 
MO Fei: “l have eyes.” 
Ji Qishu: [@Mo Fei, Ye’s sweetheart is Xia Yanyan. Can’t you see the prominent mermaid pool at home? It was customized for Yanyan by the world’s top design team half a year ago, and was ordered by Ye!] 
Tang Zhou: [What the…@Ye Shiting, how are you even following Little Starlight and reposting her Weibo? What’s happening to the world?] 
Ji Qishu: [What did Shiting repost?] 
Tang Zhou: [See for yourself, I’m boarding now.] 
Upon checking Ye Shitings Weibo, Ji Qishu found out that Shiting really reposted her Weibo: “Little sister, don’t be angry.” 
Ye Xingguang almost dropped her phone. The frontrunning presidential candidate, Ye Shiting, had actually followed her and even reposted her Weibo, calling her “little sister”! 
This was the presidential candidate she was rooting for!
###Chapter 22: Do you think she’s into me?_1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
But before she could get carried away, Fu Zhuo sent her a message: [Miss Ye, please delete your Weibo post immediately. I was the one who independently decided to help you set up your Weibo account. Your President doesn’t know about it. Do you want him to kill you for your post or me for my meddling?] 
Ye Xingguang lamented: [So, tell me how I can stop embarrassing myself in front of those folks at the Registry Office?] 
Fu zhuo: … 
He didn’t know either, so he had no choice but to throw the problem back at Ye Xingguang: [In any case, you have to clean up the mess you’ve made yourself! ] 
After thinking for a while, Fu Zhuo sent another message: [Miss Ye, I’m saying this for your sake. After all, you and the President aren’t destined to be together for a lifetime. You’re just temporary guests in each other’s lives. If you draw too much attention to yourself now, how will the media ridicule you when you go your separate ways later? Can you bear that gap?] 
Fu Zhuo sent three messages in a row: [Don’t think that I’m being harsh. I’m just laying out the truth for you. The President will never fall for you. So next time you post on Weibo, be careful. It’s enough to let the public know that he has been kind to you-nothing more. Don’t let them wrongly assume that he likes you. That’s wishful thinking on your part!] 
You think I would fall for your President? I was just supporting the presidential candidate I deemed as the best! What’s with the overreaction? 
Frustrated, Ye Xingguang put away her phone, not wanting to engage in this any further. 
Fu Zhuo waited for a while and when Ye Xingguang didn’t remove the Weibo post, he couldn’t help but mumble to himself: “This Miss Ye really does harbour delusions about the President.’ 
No sooner had he spoken than the door to the racetrack changing room was pushed open. 
The President spent an hour at the racetrack with a few friends, during which he casually concluded a multi-million dollar deal. He had taken a bath and changed clothes. As he walked out of the changing room, he overheard Fu Zhuo’s words. 
His peachy eyes flickered imperceptibly. Stepping out, he dropped a question: “What delusions?” 
Fu Zhuo was visibly guilty, his voice trembling a little. 
The President gave him a stern look, one that was both dignified and authoritative. 
Under the pressure of that look, Fu Zhuo confessed the full story, ultimately concluding: “l didn’t expect that Miss Ye would be such a schemer, trying to create a false impression of you fancying her.” 
Fu Zhuo assumed that the President would be livid once he saw the Weibo post by Ye Xingguang. 
But he had been waiting anxiously for a long time… 
And nothing happened. noveldrama
Startled, Fu Zhuo covertly observed the President’s reaction. Surprisingly, he seemed to be lost in thought while looking at the post by Ye Xingguang. 
“President? What are you thinking about?” 
Only after Fu Zhuo asked three times did the President respond: “Do you think she’s taken a liking to me?” 
“What woman wouldn’t fall for a man like you with such status, looks, and wealth? From the moment Miss Ye met you, she refused to sign a refusal pledge. It’s clear that she wanted to climb up to your level. Now that she’s succeeded, wouldn’t she be thinking about how to make it last? Otherwise, she wouldn’t have snuck into your room last night…” 
“Huh… She’s just a naive little girl who can’t tell her left from right!” 
President didn’t elaborate further. He merely walked over to a single-seater couch, lounged comfortably in it. Propping up his chin with one hand, he played idly with the mermaid charm hanging off his keys in the other, pinching the little fishtail back and forth….
###Chapter 23: Don’t touch my fish tail!_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang had lunch with a group of his friends who participate in horse racing. After drinking a bit of wine, he drifted off into sleep for half an hour. 
A little mermaid tail leisurely swam into his dream… 
The bathtub in his dream was neither too big nor too small. The mermaid tail 
was splashing about, seeming rather distressed, it looked like it was unsatisfied with the size of the bathtub. 
However, it was truly a beautiful sight. The mermaid tail, in shimmering shades of gold and blue with hints of pearlescent white, was gently moving in the bathtub. Under the light, it looked like a delicate little feather, caressing his heart bit by bit… 
It was as if the tail hadn’t noticed him there in the bathroom, it was still in a situation of discontent. 
“l wish I could return to the sea, swim freely at night under a sky full of stars. Even a big swimming pool would do, with a starlight roof, making me feel like I am in the ocean… 
In his dream, he vividly saw the mermaid tail lifted up, with countless tiny droplets of water cascading down like a curtain… 
He could not resist reaching out to touch the mermaid tail, only to have it abruptly turn and fan him with a flick in the face. 
He reached out to grab it again, but the mermaid turned her face towards him in annoyance. 
He could clearly see her face, small as his palm, covered in tears… 
He heard her crying in his dream. At first, her crying was vague, however, as the dream became more intense, her cry became increasingly real, pulling at his heartstrings. He wanted to wipe away her tears, but before his hand could reach her, it was swatted away… 
He wished to console her by offering the most beautiful things in the world, but she only cried harder. 
The more she cried, the more anxious he became, until he couldn’t bear it any longer. 
She was still crying, while she was crying, she said, “Let me go! Let me go! Even if all men in the world were to die, I would never fall in love with you. Let me go, and stop touching my tail!” 
“Master Qing, Master Qing?” 
Ye Xingguang was abruptly woken from his dream. As he opened his eyes, Fu Zhuo’s face, up close and personal, had replaced the small face streaked with tears. 
“Master Qing, what happened? You were… you were crying?” 
Though Ye Xingguang was awake, he was still entrapped by the mood of his dream. At Fu Zhuo’s words, he reached up to touch the corner of his eye unconsciously, feeling a wet substance. Were these tears from the mermaid tail in his dream? 
“Master Qing, what kind of dream did you have that made you… cry?” Fu Zhuo could hardly believe his eyes. 
If he didn’t see it himself, the tears trickling down from the corners of Ye Xingguang’s eyes as he slept, he would have thought he was hallucinating. If not for this, he wouldn’t have had the courage to wake him up. 
“Master Qing, are you alright?” 
Ye Xingguang sat up from the couch, his expression returning to its usual impassive calm after some time. Then he got up and walked towards the washroom, lazily throwing over his shoulder, “I might have something in my eye. Arrange an appointment with an ophthalmologist when you get a chance.’ 
Walking into the bathroom, closing the door behind him, he stood in front of the glass basin. Once out of sight, the splendid face of Ye Xingguang gradually darkened. 
He stood in front of the mirror, enduring the dull ache in his heart, he mulled over the words, “So even if all men in the world were to die, she would still not fall in love with me? Then Ye Xingguang, why would you bother me?” 
I don’t want… to make you cry anymore. noveldrama
1 don’t want… 
to feel helpless in regards to you. 
And most of all… 
I don’t want to yield to the feelings that I had barely managed to contain..
###Chapter 24: Hi, what a coincidence_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang had to work overtime on her first day at the TV station. 
Although KOCO is owned by the Ye’s Family, there were no special privileges. Wanting to interview the leading presidential candidate required camping out at the hotel entrance along with other media, waiting until almost eight in the evening, mind spinning with hunger. 
That leading presidential candidate, Ye Shiting, the one who had shared her post on social media and referred to her as his younger sister, was reportedly having dinner in this hotel tonight. His companions were the financial conglomerates and political elites supporting him from behind the scenes. noveldrama
Feeling ravenously hungry, Ye Xingguang drank a lot of water which led her to need the toilet urgently. 
On her return from the hotel bathroom, she unexpectedly bumped into Ye Junqing washing his hands at the unisex washbasin. To add to the awkwardness, her stomach grumbled embarrassingly loud. The situation was extremely awkward. 
To alleviate the awkwardness, she broke the silence, “Hi, what a coincidence to run into you here. I was recruited by the TV station today. I am an intern reporter for them. I never thought I would spend my first day on the job waiting outside this hotel. I haven’t even been able to eat dinner yet. Being a reporter is truly an admirable job.” 
Before she had even finished explaining, Ye Junqing walked away, completely ignoring her. 
Feeling more embarrassed, Ye Xingguang wished she could slap herself in the face. 
Upon returning outside the hotel, the more she thought about it, the more upset she became. She regretted not appearing more detached, as he had. 
After revisiting the scenario in her head countless times, tactically placing more indifference into her response to Ye Junqing, and finally feeling vaguely satisfied, she saw the highly popular presidential candidate exiting the hotel, surrounded by his bodyguards. 
Reporters swarmed in immediately. 
It was Ye Xingguangs first day as an intern, lacking experience, Chang Qinghua instructed her to just observe. However, she stood on the periphery of the experienced journalists, listen closely to their questions, learning from their expertise. 
Her gaze inevitably landed on Ye Junqing and Ye Shiting. 
The Ye’s were reputed to have two notable members, Ye Shiting and Ye Junqing. 
One was in politics, the other in business. 
If Ye Shiting was to become the future ruler of A-country, then Ye Junqing was the uncrowned king of the business world, supporting Ye Shitings ascension. Without Ye Junqings significant financial backing, Ye Shitings presidential campaign would not have run so smoothly. 
The reporters, upon seeing the two Ye’s brothers together, didn’t miss the chance to also question Ye Junqing. 
“Mr. Ye, is the ‘Carp Maiden’ from today’s Weibo post the person given to you by the civil affairs bureau?” 
“Mr. Ye, is the Carp Maiden’s Weibo post true? Are you satisfied with the Carp Maiden given to you by the state?” 
Ye Xingguang was stupefied, fellow journalists, can’t you ask questions related to current affairs? 
It was clear that Ye Junqing had no intention to respond, but Ye Shiting, standing next to him, leaned on his brother’s shoulder, laughing as he responded, “My sister herself spoke, could there be any falsehood?” 
“But isn’t Mr. Ye a staunch bachelor, even declaring that if anyone was to be matched with him, they should prepare a grave for themselves? We hope Mr. 
Ye can reveal the name of this girl. We are seriously concerned for her safety.” Ye Xingguang looked at the persistent male journalist. I’ll remember you! She couldn’t help but clasp her hands together, Ye Junqing, please don’t spill my name..
###Chapter 25:- What, you want to fight with me for a woman? 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Junqings cool gaze captured her actions. It was as if he had the ability to understand people’s hearts and could clearly see her thoughts. He glanced at the curious journalists and said lazily, “Since the country believes she and I are the best match, I will of course be good to her. Perhaps we might fall in love over time. As for her identity… what, are you trying to steal her away from me?” 
The male journalist was left speechless by Ye Junqings comment, unsure of how to respond. 
The other journalists couldn’t help but laugh. 
Chang Qinghua held up her microphone, “Mr. Ye, do you think there’s a possibility that you two might fall in love over time?” 
For some reason, hearing Changs question made Ye Xingguang suddenly nervous, her heart pounding in her throat. 
Ye Junqing didn’t rush to respond. He looked up as if gazing into the distance, but his peripheral vision was fixed on Ye Xingguangs face. 
After a moment of contemplation, he coldly remarked, “No!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, his bodyguards took action, escorting the Ye family’s scions to a luxurious stretch Bentley. 
The car was already far away, but Ye Xingguangs face was still burning. 
The lively discussion of the journalists lingered in her ears. 
“The girl who just signed up on Weibo today claiming Ye Junqing liked her dainty feet was publicly humiliated by him tonight. When we publish this, I wonder how much it will hurt her.’ 
“l knew Ye Junqing wouldn’t simply accept a match arranged by the state. That girl even threatened to send me a legal letter if I kept publishing news suggesting she was mistreated at home. Does she even realize her own situation?” 
“She’s probably being tormented by Ye Junqing at home, so she tries to save her image on Weibo. It’s really unfortunate that out of all people to be paired with, she ended up with Ye Junqing.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was fiercely aggrieved. What a tasteless man! 
She worked hard on Weibo to maintain his image, yet he didn’t hesitate to slap her in the face. Didn’t anyone tell him to never hit a woman in the face? 
What a waste of a handsome appearance. No wonder netizens have ranked him as one of the top ten villains! 
As she was stewing in her bitterness, more reporters rushed into view. 
“Ah, it’s Xia Yanyan!’ 
“Xia Yanyan has appeared! Is she also attending tonight’s cocktail party?” 
“Ah, Xia Yanyan is simply too beautiful. Such a woman only exists in heaven, rarely seen among mortals! ” 
Hearing the frantic voices of the male journalists, Ye Xingguang was taken aback. 
If she hadn’t known they were her fellow journalists, she would have thought they were Xia Yanyan’s diehard fans. 
From a distance, Ye Xingguang watched as the reporters hadn’t even had the chance to interview the national treasure of a girl, Xia Yanyan. She was already heavily guarded by her bodyguards, constantly smiling and waving gracefully at the journalists before getting into the car. 
She wasn’t sure if it was an illusion, but she felt like Xia Yanyan shot her a glance before leaving. 
“Is that her?” Once in the car, Xia Yanyan looked through the limousine window towards Ye Xingguang, who was standing outside the crowd. 
“Indeed, Miss Xia. That girl is too shameless. Not only did she steal your fiancé, but on Weibo, she brazenly claimed that Mr. Ye loves her delicate feet. She thinks she’s a mermaid—do you think Mr. Ye would actually lose his mind over her fishtail?” 
“But Nir. Ye l s comment earlier was a hard slap to her face.. Miss Xia, now that the media is determined to dig deeper into her story, should we expose her identity to them and let the netizens verbally drown her?”
###Chapter 26: 1 Believe in the Law of True Fragrance!_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations noveldrama
Xia Yanyan looked down at Ye Xingguang with a gaze as if she were an insignificant ant. 
“She is just an insignificant character. Even Jun Qing didn’t pay her any mind, why should I lose face over her?” 
Having said that, she lazily shifted her gaze. “Let her be arrogant for a few days. Thinking about a man who only has eyes for me but treats her like air, the torment she will feel is enough punishment.” 
“Sister Xia is right, we shouldn’t be bothered by her. If she dares to act like this, netizens will scold her to death. Even if she’s officially verified on Weibo and gains a million followers a day, she can’t compare to you. Let’s wait and see. Once the news comes out in the media, it will be interesting!’ 
On her way home from work, Ye Xingguangs phone kept ringing incessantly, all notifications from Weibo. 
Curiously, she clicked on them and found quite a few news alerts from major media outlets peddling their news while @ing GoldfishGirl. 
Although they at @GoldfishGirl, they didn’t make any offensive remarks. Just uploading the video of Jun Qings interview was enough to slap her in the face. 
She was furious. Jun Qing, you bastard! 
The netizens must be laughing at her by now. 
She shouldn’t have clicked on the comments, but she did out of curiosity. She wanted to see who was insulting her so she could report them! 
Unexpectedly, when she opened the comments, instead of insults, they were all comments supporting her. 
Netizen LittleMeng: @TDOfficialTVStation, What’s the point of tagging @GoldfishGirl in an interview with the bastard? 
Netizen PineAppleHoney: A moment’s fun tormenting a wife, a lifetime in purgatory begging her back! That’s what the novels always say! We can wait… 
Netizen SnowPear: Reported already, the content is extremely disturbing. 
GoldfishGirl, don’t be discouraged, we are with you! 
Netizen DreamingLuoSa: State-assigned, @JunQing you belong to our Goldfish Girl, if you’re not convinced then you better shut up, kneel down and kiss her feet! 
Netizen LittleFairy: Retweet @GoldfishGirl, bless me to win the wealthy match. 
Netizen MoYicheng: Retweet @GoldfishGirl, bless me to have any of the remaining ones left on the top ten j*rks list, I’m not afraid that despicable j*rks are hard to conquer, I’m just worried that I won’t get a chance to attack. 
Netizen AnYiLover: Retweet @GoldfishGirl, bless me to wind up with the new number one jerk and successfully leave my single life behind. I believe in the fragrance law! 
The more Ye Xingguang read the comments, the better she felt. 
This bunch of netizens seemed different from the previous ones? 
After scrolling through a few hundred comments, none of them made fun of her for getting smacked in the face. 
Why were they all treating her like a lucky charm for escaping singlehood? 
Late at night. 
Ye Xingguang returned to the Ye l s Family surrounded by the warmth netizens had given her. 
Several maids hurried out of the villa as she entered. Seeing her enter the villa, they couldn’t help but whisper to each other outside. 
“Should we warn Miss Ye that it’s best not to stay in the villa when Young Master Qing is drunk?” 
“Let her suffer a bit, otherwise she’ll think she can just defile Young Master Qing. It’s a shameless thing for her to say that Young Master Qing likes her heels!” 
“Yeah, even though Young Master Qing didn’t sleep with her last night, she still gave the public such a misconception. The most infuriating part is that the misinformed netizens even pity her and consider her a victim of state allocation. They are all supporting her online.” 
“Anyway, the steward has already fled. We are the last few maids to leave the villa. We’ll pretend we didn’t see Miss Ye and let her enjoy the ‘blessing’ of snagging Young Master Qing tonight. We’ll come back to clear up her mess tomorrow..”
###Chapter 27: Don’t Think of Driving Me Away, I 
Won’t Leave! 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Completely oblivious to the maids’ schadenfreude, Ye Xingguang doesn’t have a clue. 
After a tiring day, all she wants to do is take a nice bath, wash her hair, and enjoy a good night’s sleep. She has to get up early for work tomorrow after all. 
Coming out of the bathroom, Ye Xingguang carries a glass downstairs, planning to pour herself a cup of water before bed. 
Just as she reaches the ground floor, she hears a clattering sound from the dining room. 
Curiosity piqued, she walks in to find Ye Junqing squatting next to the table, a broken water glass scattered at his feet, hot water everywhere. 
He doesn’t bother to clean up the shards of glass on the floor. Instead, his tall figure is hunched over, his face betraying a pained expression. noveldrama
“Ye Junqing, are you alright?” 
Under the light, the man’s handsomely chiseled face is paler than paper, his eyebrows knitted in what seems to be silent suffering. Could he be sick? 
She bends over, trying to help him up: “Come on, let me help you to the couch in the living room. Are you feeling unwell? Do you need me to call a doctor?” 
However, before her hands could touch his arm, Ye Junqing swiftly pulls his hand away, lifting his crimson eyes to meet hers, his voice icy as though he just spat out ice: “Who said you could stay here?” 
“Huh?” 
“Get out!” Far from accepting her help, Ye Junqing ruthlessly pushes her away, trying to get up unsteadily as though he’s attempting to make his way upstairs. 
Unable to leave him alone, Ye Xingguang follows. 
They barely reach the entrance of the living room when Ye Junqing abruptly stops and points outside the door: “Leave. Turn left at five hundred meters from the door. There’s a villa. Look for the housekeeper. He’ll arrange a different place for you to stay tonight.” “But why?” Ye Xingguang is baffled. 
“I don’t want to see you!’ 
Ye Xingguang: 
As if she wants to see him either! 
Seeing Ye Xingguang standing still, Ye Junqing lowers his voice, his aura formidable: “Don’t make me say it twice!” 
Ye Xingguang persists, “Are you mad about the post I made on Weibo today? I admit I might have tarnished your image repeatedly, but I had no choice. Otherwise, netizens would assume you were physically abusing me, which would affect your brother’s public standing. Who knew you would bark up the wrong tree… Hey, hey, hey, what gives? Why are you trying to throw me out…” Before she can finish, her arm is forcefully grabbed by the man. 
Ye Junqing seizes her arm, swiftly pulls her towards the door, and slams it shut behind him with a bang. 
Ye Xingguang: 
Did he just kick her out? 
She wants to leave right now, but thinking of his ashen face… 
He seemed to be in pain. If she leaves in a huff and something happens to him, who would be responsible? 
“Hey! Open the door!” 
“Bang, bang, bang!’ 
“If you don’t open the door, I’m breaking it down!” 
“l mean it!” 
Ye Xingguang stands at the door, calling out for a while without anyone opening. She notices a window left open and without a second thought, climbs 
in. 
“Ye Junqing, the Civil Affairs Bureau says I have to live here for a year. You have no right to kick me out. If you lock me out again, I’m going to file a complaint at the Civil Affairs Bureau…” 
Before she has time to finish, Ye Junqing strides over with a dark face to seize her. 
Ye Xingguang immediately sounds the alarm, quickly running away and cautiously watching the pale man from behind the living room couch: “Don’t even think about driving me away! I’m not leaving! Are you really okay? You look terribly pale, should I call a doctor for you?” 
Ye Junqings restrained fingers tighten, the veins in his neck standing out, his gaze fixed on the reckless woman hiding behind the couch.. Lacking the energy to deal with her, he points at the door and orders in a stern voice: “l told you to leave! Now, immediately, NOW!”
###Chapter 28: Grandpa Ojng l s Old Problem Acts Up Again_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang paused, indignantly declaring, “You’re the first man to ever tell me to scram. Remember that.” 
With that, she strode out, shooting the passing Night Jun Qing a harsh glance with her small eyes. 
Night Jun Qing ignored her sharp-eyed glare, surreptitiously letting out a sigh of relief. He staggered back to the dining room, intending to pour himself another glass of water. As he picked up the kettle, however, his hand shook uncontrollably. 
Suddenly, a slender hand reached over and took the kettle from him, efficiently pouring him a glass of water. 
Before handing it over, the hand raised the cup to its owner’s lips to test the temperature. 
The affectionate gesture took him by surprise. 
After confirming that the water was lukewarm, Ye Xingguang said, “It’s not hot. The temperature’s just right. Drink up.” 
From his position above, Night Jun Qing glared at the girl who had returned, his voice growing colder, “Didn’t I tell you to scram?” 
“H/ell, I’m not a ball. How do I roll? Show me how you would do it?” 
When Ye Xingguang noticed Night Jun Qing refusing to take the cup, she reached on her tiptoes, raising the cup to Night Jun Qings thin, cold lips, “Aren’t you thirsty? Drink up. You’re lucky to be waited on by me.” 
Night Jun Qing grabbed the cup, his voice filled with contempt, “Didn’t I warn you to stay away from me? The farther the better.” 
“I’d love to leave, but if something were to happen to you as pale as death, people might think I killed my husband, uh, I mean, killed the official match. That’d land me in jail. I’m young with a bright future ahead of me, I’m not ready to be put behind bars. So, you can forget about chasing me off!” 
Ye Xingguang said with righteous indignation. 
After saying that, she stubbornly offered to support him, noting his shaking hand on the cup, and his refusal to take a step. “Mr. Ye Jun Qing, could you kindly move to the living room sofa? Don’t try to act like you aren’t sick!” 
Night Jun Qing stared at Ye Xingguang with his deep eyes, not knowing what to think, he continued to watch Finally getting Night Jun Qing to the living room sofa, she let out a sigh of relief, “You sit here. I’ll go find the housekeeper.” 
“Take a left outside. About 500 meters away, you’ll find the housekeeper. Now go.” He suddenly threw out a sentence. 
Ye Xingguang nodded and quickly ran off. 
How peculiar, where were all of the servants and bodyguards? Usually, there were people inside and outside the house. Yesterday evening, she wanted to sneak into the indoor swimming pool but had to wait until the middle of the night when everyone was asleep. Why is it so early today and no one is around? 
It was only half past ten now! 
Ye Xingguang sprinted like a hundred-meter-racer to a building 500 meters away where the servants and bodyguards lived. 
“Housekeeper, housekeeper, where are you? It’s Ye Xingguang, Night Jun Qing is ill, where are you housekeeper?” 
Ye Xingguang shouted for a long time before the housekeeper finally turned up in his pajamas. 
“Miss Ye.” 
“Housekeeper, Night Jun Qing seems sick. Please arrange for a car to take him to the hospital.” 
The housekeeper hesitated, “Miss Ye, sir’s old ailment is just acting up. Don’t worry about it. I’ll arrange another room for you. Pretend you didn’t see anything, get some good sleep, and he’ll be fine.” 
“How can I pretend I didn’t see anything? How could you, as his housekeeper, tell me he’s fine when he’s as pale as a ghost?” 
Ye Xingguang was angry, this kind of housekeeper should be dismissed immediately! 
The housekeeper continued, “Miss Ye, sir is just intoxicated. A night’s sleep will sort him out.’ noveldrama
Ye Xingguang became even more enraged, “His face is so pale, he can’t even hold a cup without shaking, and you’re telling me that it’s simply intoxication.. Alcohol poisoning?”
###Chapter 29: You don’t care about him, but I do 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The old housekeeper replied truthfully: “Miss Ye, he’s just drunk. You really should ignore him. When Mr. Qing gets drunk, he goes into a kind of madness. He can hurt people in that state. Let me arrange a place for you to stay and hide temporarily until Mr. Qing sobers up.” 
Ye Xingguang: noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: “Are you trying to pacify me as if I were a three-year-old child? He’s so sick, and you’re still claiming it’s his drunken madness?” 
In the upper and lower floors of this house, numerous housemaids and on-duty bodyguards live. At this moment, all of them are hiding in their rooms, daring not to come out, but this doesn’t prevent them from straining their ears to hear Ye Xingguang yelling in the living room. 
Ye Xingguang said with a stern face: “Are you sure about not sending Mr. Ye to the hospital?” 
The old housekeeper was at wits’ end: “Miss Ye, please stop interfering. We can’t take Mr. Qing to the hospital. Mr. Qing doesn’t want anyone else to know about his drunken madness. Be careful, if you mess this up, you might end up punished by Mr. Qing.” 
“Okay, I get the picture. This has all been a waste of time.” 
After saying this, Ye Xingguang briskly walked out. 
“Miss Ye, where are you going? Let me arrange a place for you to stay…” 
“No need, if you’re not looking after him, I will. I want to see how his drunken madness can hurt people!” 
Ye Xingguang left these words behind and no longer wanted to deal with the housekeeper, leaving while dialing Fu Zhuo’s number. 
The housekeeper is incompetent, but at least Mr. Fu shouldn’t also turn a blind eye to Mr. Ye’s situation. 
The old housekeeper rushed to the door and sighed heavily. This reckless Miss Ye, wasn’t she practically asking for trouble? 
The old housekeeper wanted to follow her, but feared Mr. Ye’s drunken madness. Between saving his own life and protecting Ye Xingguangs, the old housekeeper hesitated, eventually deciding his own life was more important and returned to his room in a dejected manner. 
Ye Xingguang had already dialed Fu Zhuo’s number, explained Mr. Ye’s situation, and held high hopes for Fu Zhuo. 
However , 
Fu Zhuo said on the phone: “Miss Ye, you should let the housekeeper arrange a new place for you. The further away from Mr. Qing tonight, the better.” 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “Are you crazy? He’s so sick, and you’re asking me to stay away from him? Either you call a doctor, or I’ll take him to the hospital. Your choice.” 
Fu Zhuo hurriedly said: “We can’t take him to the hospital! It’s useless. This is an old problem Mr. Qing has after getting drunk. We’ve consulted many famous doctors, but none could cure him. Miss Ye, listen to the housekeeper. 
Keep your distance tonight until Mr. Qing sobers up… beep beep… beep beep…” 
Ye Xingguang hung up the phone, never expecting even Fu Zhuo would neglect Mr. Ye’s life and death. 
It seemed indeed to be an old problem. Those familiar with Mr. Ye have become accustomed to it. They all emphasized not to take him to the hospital. Could it be that they were afraid Mr. Ye had some hidden disease that they didn’t want to be discovered? 
But they can’t just ignore him! 
He must truly be an insufferable person. Even though he’s wealthy, there are few loyal people around him. What a failure of a person! 
After mulling it over, Ye Xingguang, unable to ignore her conscience, returned to the villa, and found the door locked from the inside when she tried to push it open. 
She pushed forcefully a couple of times and frowned. How did this rotten man lock the door from inside again? 
She walked to the window to try it, only to find it had been sealed off as well. 
Did this rotten man just kick her out under the pretext of calling someone? 
Did he think that by locking the door and windows she wouldn’t be able to get in? 
Ye Xingguang took two steps back and looked at the beautiful villa, finally setting her eyes on the drain pipe leading to the roof. 
As a child living on an island, the favorite competition among kids was who could climb the coconut tree the fastest, boasting atop the tree with a big coconut. She was an expert in tree-climbing herself. So, climbing a drain pipe 
shouldn’t be a problem..
###Chapter 30: This Annoying Mermaid!_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang struggled to climb up to the second-floor balcony, lucky for her, the door was left unlocked. She brushed off the dust from her hands and pushed the door open. 
She had found her way into Ye Junqings bedroom through his balcony, but he wasn’t in the room. 
Ye Xingguang searched all around the mansion, eventually hearing soft coughing from behind a door on the third floor. 
The door to the room was unlocked. With a gentle push from Ye Xingguang, it creaked slowly open. 
In spite of all her mental preparations for Ye Junqings ill and frail state, she was caught off guard by the sight that met her within… 
Ye Junqing had bound his hands and feet, his towering frame rigidly secured to a bespoke throne in front of the floor-to-ceiling window. Bathed in the silver moonlight, his handsome face appeared even whiter, akin to an extreme skin-whitening effect. His thick lashes slightly quivered. At the corners of his lips, tucked tight a sense of forbearance, as if he were holding back something so intense his teeth were on the brink of chattering. 
Because the lights were off, a chilling sense of eerie melancholy pervaded the entire room. 
At the sound of her footsteps, Ye Junqing suddenly opened his eyes… 
Almost unable to believe what he was seeing, Ye Junqings eyes transformed in an instant. 
Had his hands and feet not been bound, Ye Xingguang was sure he would have charged at her, ready to throw her straight out of the window. Ye Xingguang unconsciously stepped back. Catching her breath to steady her nerves, she dared to speak. 
“What’s wrong? Aren’t you feeling unwell? Why are you doing this to yourself?” 
“l tried asking the steward and doctor, they said you have episodes when you drink, and that I should leave you alone. Did you lock yourself up because you’re afraid of losing control?” 
“I’m coming closer now. Just don’t hurt me. I don’t really want to interfere, but I can’t help it, it’s in my nature. Alright, here I come.” 
Before she had even moved, man’s low voice echoed in the dimly lit room: 
“Get out…” 
“l already told you that I’m not a ball.” 
Ye Xingguang mustered up the courage to approach Ye Junging, placing her hand on his forehead. There was no fever, in fact, his skin felt slightly cold. She thought his deathly pale complexion was not due to alcohol poisoning. 
He seemed perfectly lucid, certainly not behaving like a drunk man. 
“Don’t misunderstand, I don’t mean to pry, but I am, after all, your official companion. Even if 1 don’t have the right to know completely, I should at least get a slight understanding of your situation. Exactly what’s wrong with you? Are you afraid you might harm others during one of your episodes? Is that why you’ve chained yourself up?” 
Ye Junqing never responded, treating her as if she were air, lazily sinking into his sofa, enduring whatever was afflicting him. noveldrama
In any case, since he had locked himself up, no matter how uncontrollable it gets, he shouldn’t be able to harm this annoying woman! 
As for Ye Xingguang, she wasn’t sure what she could do. She wasn’t a doctor, but it was clear he was pale and likely cold, so she went to his room, grabbed his blanket, and draped it over him. 
Her actions were meticulous, even proactively tucking the blanket around him. 
Then sat beside him on the icy sofas, fretting over what else she could possibly do for him. 
Even though Ye Junqing looked sick at that moment, to pity him could mean flirting with death. His icy demeanor was like a chilling northern gale. Even with his hands and feet bound, he still held the demeanor of a king on his throne, commanding respect and submission from all who dared approach..
###Chapter 31: – I Said No Need Means No Need! 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
After an unknown period of time, the quiet night echoed with the sound of struggling. 
Ye Xingguang looked over to see the man under the moonlight, his eyebrows furrowed into a clear frown. Clearly, he was in such discomfort that he couldn’t even maintain his dignity or reputation as the big demon king. He had used all his strength, trying to break free from his bonds. “Do you want me to unlatch it for you?” Ye Xingguang asked. 
“No need.” Ye Junqing rejected abruptly. 
“But you seem so uncomfortable…” 
As Ye Xingguang was speaking, she moved the blanket aside. Suddenly, she saw his wrists bruised from the struggle. Those red marks indicated that he had been quietly struggling and had just not made a sound. 
“Stop withholding it. Where’s the key? I can unlock it for you. Otherwise, your wrists will be raw, they are already bruised.” 
Ye Junqings teeth were clenched so tightly that they were trembling. With his strong willpower, he stopped himself from struggling: “l said, there is no need!” 
“Why are you so stubborn? If you get injured and the media finds out, those unscrupulous journalists may start speculating that I’m abusing you.” said Ye Xingguang recklessly. 
It was unclear whether she was too ridiculous, but Ye Junqings cheek muscles were vibrating intensely. 
Watching her searching for keys, Ye Junqings beautiful eyes were locked, somewhat unable to make out this troublesome mermaid. She used to be so annoying, disgusted with him, she probably wouldn’t care even if he was left dead in the wilderness. Now, is she pretending to care about him for show? 
“Is this it?” 
Ye Xingguang found four metal keys tied together in the drawer of the coffee table next to the sofa. 
Ye Junqing glanced at them, his eyes darkening, “No.” noveldrama
“Seems like it.’ 
Ye Xingguang held the keys, crouched in front of him, and tried each of them. Sure enough, she found the key that unlocked the lock around his left foot. 
“Ye Xingguang! ‘ 
Ye Junqings deep gaze fell on the top of the girl’s head, his lips pale: “l advise you not to provoke me, and especially not unlock me. Otherwise, you will deeply regret your decision.” 
Ye Xingguang thought to herself: I’m not afraid, I have the antidote for regret! 
Accordingly, she didn’t hesitate to unlock him. 
Damn it, this woman! 
The man who got freed didn’t feel grateful. Instead, wished he could strangle Ye Xingguang. 
However, the real action Ye Junqing took was to abruptly stand up, push her away, and stride out. He couldn’t stay in the same room with her anymore. Ye Junqing didn’t forget how much she used to be frightened and disgusted by him… 
Ye Xingguang didn’t feel assured and chased after him, asking while running: “Hev. where are vou going?” 
Ye Junqing roared angrily: “Don’t follow me!” 
If she doesn’t leave, then he will! 
“You think I want to take care of you? Because you’re the man I drew, even if you cried, I don’t dare to let the civil affairs office find something wrong. Who knows if they will come for a home visit tomorrow?” 
Ye Junqing was like a fleeing beast avoiding floods, dashing from the third floor to the first floor, aiming to leave the villa. 
When he got to the living room, his tall figure stumbled, and Ye Xingguang, like a small rocket, rushed over instantly. Summoning all her strength, she brought the indifferent man to sit down on the living room couch. 
Her hands went up to his broad shoulders, preventing him from getting up. 
“Stay away from me, or else…” 
Ye Junqing was about to finish his sentence when he suddenly drew Ye 
Xingguang into his arms, holding her as tightly as a pillow… 
[Author’s message: La la la, selling dried little mermaids, one recommendation ticket per bag. Don’t miss it..]
###Chapter 32: Uncle Qjng’s Strange Illness_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
After being hung up on by Ye Xingguang, Fu Zhuo could hardly believe it. After tossing and turning in bed, he finally got up and rushed over to check on things. Just as he arrived at the entrance of the villa, he glanced through the living room window and saw the sight before him. 
Ye Xingguang was cradled in the arms of the ill Mr. Qing, having become his rather unconventional pillow. The two of them had collapsed on the living room sofa. 
Fu Zhuo’s heart clenched painfully, worried for Ye Xingguangs safety. 
When Mr. Qing was young, there was a time when he went out to sea and experienced some sort of unforeseen accident. He returned on the verge of death, and everyone feared that he would not survive. Fortunately, after a month spent in the intensive care unit, he finally pulled through. 
Although his life was no longer in danger, he was left with an unusual disease. 
A strange malady that made him crave human blood, much like a vampire! 
His elders sought out renowned doctors from all corners, but even the most skilled physicians were left helpless by his condition. 
Luckily, Mr. Qing did not grow the fangs that vampires are commonly shown to have in films and television, or it would have truly been terrifying. noveldrama
Back then, his brothers could not stand to watch Mr. Qing suffer through the pain. One by one, they offered their arms for him to bite. However, Mr. Qing never bit anyone, from the onset of his sickness till this day, he never has! 
Well, there was one time… 
Initially, the doctors brought over bags of blood from the blood bank for him to drink. He did consume it once, and his pain lessened significantly after that. The doctors proposed this as a temporary solution if his condition could not be improved. But Mr. Qing rejected this symptomatic treatment. 
Since then, no matter how severe his cravings for blood were during his episodes, no matter who came to him offering a bag of blood to alleviate his suffering, he would ignore them. Just like a drug addict who has been forced into sobriety, he would firmly refuse any temptations, no matter how enticing they were. 
Once, he asked Mr. Qing why he put himself through such suffering, why not just buy blood from the blood bank instead of biting people? 
He remembers Mr. Qings response: “l don’t want to become a monster, nor a puppet! 
Was Mr. Qing trying to say that he didn’t want to become a blood-thirsty monster feared by all people, or succumb to his desperation for blood? 
For a man as proud as Mr. Qing, becoming a monster or a puppet might be even more unbearable than a bullet to the head. 
Fu Zhuo couldn’t fathom the pain of such a disease. He didn’t know the agony Mr. Qing had to endure if he didn’t drink blood during his episodes. 
However, Mr. Qing once warned his brothers not to come close when he was having an episode, fearing his willpower wouldn’t be enough to resist his cravings. 
That must mean it’s really unbearable, right? 
In order not to hurt others, Mr. Qing claimed that he was prone to drunken rampages. He even spread rumors about his threatening behavior when drunk —accusing himself of being violent, disowning family members, even resorting to murder… 
Mr. Qing went so far as to concoct various alarming stories about people he’d injured or even killed in his drunken stupor. 
In other words, it was terrifying. 
Hearing these stories over and over, the household staff naturally took them as fact. Whenever Mr. Qing had an episode, they would flee as if fearing for their lives. 
Who could have thought that on this night, they would encounter a fearless Ye Xingguang? What should they do now?! 
For Mr. Qing, the Miss Ye he held in his arms were undoubtedly the most tempting morsel and the deadliest poison. If he couldn’t control himself and did something to her… 
…Then she would have gotten what she deserved! 
Fu Zhuo angrily thought in his heart! 
It would be best if Mr. Qing took a sip of her blood to alleviate his suffering, teaching Miss Ye a lesson to see if she would dare to provoke Mr.. Qing again!
###Chapter 33: Stay with me…get it over with 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
“Hey … Ye Junqing, what are you doing?” 
Suddenly being embraced by a pair of firm arms, falling onto the sofa, Ye Xingguang felt uneasy all over and struggled instinctively. 
“Don’t move …” 
Ye Junqings willpower was only overwhelmed by desire for a second. After they both fell onto the sofa, his mighty willpower once again prevailed. He couldn’t possibly suck her blood, but he found it impossible to let go of her while holding her in his arms. 
Ye Junqing was annoyed, this little Mermaid was always tormenting him! 
He was already barely able to suppress his cravings. All he wanted was to spend the dangerous period alone in the villa, so he had locked all doors and windows. But still, she barged in, sitting beside him without a care in the world. 
She had no idea that the scent emanating from her body was only adding fuel to his fire. 
Usually, he could endure the long nights with his strong willpower, but her presence had exacerbated his condition, making his mighty self-control crumble again and again! 
Ye Junqing couldn’t resist the desire to drink her blood! 
“Just like this, don’t move. I won’t hurt you, I promise…” The man was in a daze and forced himself not to do anything he would regret. He knew that the 
last thing he should be doing at this moment was holding her, but he couldn’t let go. 
Ye Xingguang could feel the man shaking all over, as if he were freezing. After thinking for a while, she forced herself to calm down and asked softly: “Your body is so cold, does holding me make you feel a little warmer?” 
Ye Xingguang, who had good intentions of imagining herself as a heater, was at a loss for words: ‘ 
“Are you really suffering this much? Will holding me make you feel any better?” 
Ye Junqing answered with just two words again: “No.” 
Ye Xingguang, who felt completely useless, was deeply insulted: “So, I’m totally useless?! ” 
Seeing him suffering for so long, she was willing to do something if it could alleviate his pain. But why would the man say she was of no use?! !! 
“If I’m worthless, then why are you still holding me?” 
“I wish.’ 
“Stay with me.” 
“Huh?” noveldrama
The man seemed to have a hard time saying more than one word, and after a while he managed to stammer out three words: “Get through it.” 
Did he want her to help him get through it? 
Just as Ye Xingguang was about to say something, the man interrupted her: 
“Don’t talk, just like this, be quiet.” 
Every time she spoke, her breathing triggered his desire to bite her. 
Ye Xingguang pouted her lips, was he asking her to be quiet and act like a pillow, allowing him to hold her as he pulled through? 
Understood! 
Ye Xingguang stayed quiet for a while, but she really couldn’t ignore the man next to her who was shaking all over while trying to suppress something. 
After thinking for a while, she extended a hand to gently stroke Ye Junqings slightly damp hair from cold sweat. Since Ye Junqing didn’t want her to talk, she silently said in her heart: “Hmm … I’ll stay with you …” 
Fu Zhuo was hiding outside the window, using his high-pixel telephoto lens phone as a telescope, zooming in on the details of the man and woman on the living room sofa. After waiting for a long time, he wondered why “Master Qing” hadn’t bitten her yet? 
Wasn’t it said that if he were to fall ill, people and animals should stay 500 meters away, otherwise his willpower would crumble? 
This was zero meters away, why could he still resist?
###Chapter 34: @NightLord-Qjng, Does Your Face Hurt? 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Fu Zhuo stayed crouching at the door, staring at his phone until it ran out of battery and switched itself off. He hadn’t caught the glimpse he was hoping for. 
Fu Zhuo was yawning non-stop. He couldn’t help it and left. 
An indeterminable number of hours passed… noveldrama
Ye Xingguang felt the man’s arm relax. His cold body seemed to be gradually warming up, and his shivering was becoming less severe. 
She looked up, wanting to ask him, are you feeling better now? 
But the man’s eyes were closed in silence. Was he asleep? 
She didn’t dare to ask, didn’t dare to call out. If he was asleep, she was afraid to wake him up. 
Being embraced in a man’s arms for the first time, Ye Xingguang felt unaccustomed and a bit shy once she let go of her worries. Unable to sleep, she busied herself with her phone. 
There was a message notification from some unscrupulous media that even at four-thirty in the morning. It seemed they were targeting her. 
The message was an interview video with Ye Junqing. Without opening the video, Ye Xingguang already knew that the man who had once used her as a pillow would be on the screen, ruthlessly saying two words: “No.” Such a cold-hearted man! 
She must have been out of her mind to sympathize with him tonight! 
In the midst of her thoughts, her phone rang alerting her to an incoming call from an unknown number. She picked up but didn’t say anything. 
After a moment, a deep voice sounded from the other end of the line, “Xingguang, are you with Junqing now?” “Hmm? May I know who’s calling?” 
“It’s Ye Shiting.” 
Oh, the potential presidential candidate? 
Ye Xingguang was taken by surprise. Ye Shitings voice came again, “How is he?” 
“He’s asleep, are you looking for him?” 
“No, I’m looking for you.” Ye Shiting paused for a long time before asking, “Are you two sleeping together?” 
This needed clarification, “No, you misunderstood. We just spent the night on the living room couch, 1 was basically his human-pillow.” 
On the other end of the line, Ye Shiting chuckled in a mix of disbelief and amusement, “l heard about Junqings interview tonight — he was quite harsh. Xingguang, 1 hope you don’t take it to heart.” 
…”I can’t deny it bothers me!” 
“The media might twist Junqings words and create a story out of it. Xingguang, would you mind posting a picture of you being his ‘pillow’ on social media? We can hit back at the media and at him.” 
What sorcery is this? Ye Junqing’s own brother wants to play him?! 
Ye Xingguang said hesitantly, “That…might not be appropriate?” 
“The relationship between you two can directly affect my campaign. 
Xingguang, can I ask this favor of you?” 
Ye Shitings plea was hard to deny. As a journalist, she knew how his political rivals wanted to exploit her relationship with Ye Junqing. After mulling it over, she decided, “…Sure.’ 
“Thank you, Xingguang. Please take good care of Junqing tonight. Goodnight.” With that, Ye Shiting hung up, leaving Ye Xingguang in a tough spot. 
After a long hesitation, she turned on her phone’s camera, stretched her arm, and captured a photo of herself being held tightly by Ye Junqing. 
She took several photos, ultimately selecting one that showed Ye Junqings handsome profile, while her face was buried in his embrace, revealing only the back of her head. Beautiful! 
And then, she posted it on social media..
###Chapter 35: Speak! Where were you bitten? 1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The next morning, while they were still not yet fully awake, the soft light of dawn crept in through the living room window, gently spilling onto their bodies. Ye Xingguang woke up in a warm embrace, and the first thing she did on waking up was to check Weibo. 
Last night, she had mentioned all the media outlets that had ever mentioned her in her Weibo post. 
Her Weibo post carried no text, just a photo, a beautiful photo filled with girlish charm that would instantly make anyone want to find a handsome guy and fall in love. 
Now, the comments on the internet were blowing up. 
Netizen “Loads-A-Plenty”: Woah! Lil’ Carp is awesome! Is that the back of Lil t Carp’s head? Why isn’t she revealing her face? Even a side profile would be good enough! I swear allegiance to Lil’ Carp as my new goddess! 
Netizen “Lil Ancestor”: @Ye Junqing, does your face hurt? Is your face swollen? You say it ain’t so, but why did you have to hold my Lil t Carp so tight in the middle of the night~~” 
Netizen “Nine-Lives Cat”: applause! Tagging @TD TV’s official Weibo, @Guangyao TV’s official Weibo, @KEI TV’s official Weibo, @Bibi TV’s official Weibo… 
Netizen “Adore An’ying”: Daily repost @Girlish Carp, praying for the nation to give me the reigning champion of the toxicity rankings. 
Looking at the Weibo comments, Ye Xingguang giggled. Who doesn’t know how to be sarcastic? 
However, she murmured to herself, “Will the ‘Big Toxin’ really not bite me to death?” 
“Did I bite you?” 
A male voice suddenly sounded near her ear, startled, Ye Xingguang quickly put her phone away. 
“Where did I bite you?” Ye Junqing jolted awake abruptly, pulled her off him, and checked her all over. His heart racing, “Tell me, where were you bitten?” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang sighed, “That was a joke, you didn’t bite me.” 
“Really not?” Ye Junqings tensed face relaxed. 
Ye Xingguang nodded, “Really, you didn’t. Why are you so nervous?” 
“Who’s nervous about you?” Ye Junqing realized that he had lost his composure, and his expression immediately became aloof. “How did I tell you? 
Stay far away from me when you see me. How did you do it, Ye Xingguang? 
How did you get into the house last night?” 
“I climbed up the water pipe.” Ye Xingguang replied smugly. 
Ye Junqing had a sudden pang of regret. With long strides, he walked quickly to the door, stood outside, and looked up at the water pipe leading to the rooftop. 
He didn’t dare to imagine what would have happened if she had fallen while climbing up the water pipe? 
Just at this moment, the housekeeper, maids, and sentries, who had been allocated their tasks, were about to start work. 
Ye Junqing hurled his icy voice at the sentry captain, “Take down the water pipe. Anything that can be climbed up to the rooftop, get rid of it all! If you dare to leave anything that can be used for climbing, I’ll take you on first!” 
The sentry captain, not knowing what had happened, remained silent, not even daring to breathe. 
The exterior of the house was under surveillance. The housekeeper sneaked out his phone to review the footage, only to find out that Ye Xingguang had sneaked into Qing Ye’s room by climbing up the water pipe last night. He winced inwardly, no wonder Master Qing was furious. This Miss Ye really had no shame! 
But, she was still alive? 
That was a miracle! 
Ye Junqing saw the housekeeper checking the surveillance footage quietly and threw out another cold sentence, “Check the surveillance. Everybody who saw Ye Xingguang last night and did not advise her not to enter the mansion, fire them all—including the housekeeper!’ 
Upon hearing this, the housekeeper and a few maids turned ashy pale. 
Especially the housekeeper, who had been working here for years, where would he find such a well-paid and prestigious job elsewhere? He chased after Ye Junqing, crying out, “Master Qing, Master Qing. I did warn her, but Miss Ye wouldn’t listen….
###Chapter 36: It Said That Luck Comes Easily_1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Junqin sneered coldly. Could he really just let her face the danger if she refused to listen to him? 
The butler saw Ye Xingguang standing at the doorway to the villa’s living room and hurriedly rushed over. “Miss Ye. could you explain for me? Wasn’t it you who insisted on coming back to the villa last night, despite my constant pleading not to?” 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips tightly, this man was absolutely… 
She opened her mouth to defend the butler, “The butler did indeed advise me against it, but it was me who insisted on coming into the villa…” 
But before she could finish, Ye Junqin interrupted her, “If you utter another word, I’ll replace all the servants and guards in this villa!” 
These people, none of them took her consideration into account. They knew it was dangerous for her to enter the villa, yet not a single one of them attempted to stop her! 
With Ye Junqin’s words hanging in the air, all the others instantly became anxious. As always, his words held immense weight, and they were all afraid that Ye Xingguang might speak again, jeopardizing their jobs. 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip. This man was genuinely a menace! Due to his whims, he would just fire people left and right – wouldn’t that make her an enemy to these people? 
However, this butler didn’t care about Ye Junqin’s health, so why should it matter to her if he was dismissed? noveldrama
Ye Xingguang fumed as she stormed back to her room. This bridge-burning man… last night, who was it cradling her so tightly? 
Now that he was feeling better, he was turning on her quicker than one could flip through a book! 
Next time he fell ill, she swore she wouldn’t step foot in the villa again. Let him shiver all by himself! 
She made a vow in her heart: if she ever showed him concern again, may she turn into a dried mermaid! 
But what illness did he actually have? 
Returning to her desk, Ye Xingguang spent a considerable amount of time on the computer. Pale and trembling after drinking alcohol – perhaps it was severe alcohol poisoning? 
Regrettably, she couldn’t find anything conclusive. 
Suddenly, a private message notification appeared on her Weibo account: [Do you really sell a ‘potion of regret?’ ] 
The message was sent to her Weibo private account. Typically, she would look at every private message sent to her alternate Weibo account before deciding whether or not to assist the individual based on their level of regret. 
But, to her shock, the person who sent her the DM was none other than Rebecca Perry? 
She knew Rebecca Perry had an alternate Weibo account because a classmate had revealed it to her. She also knew that Rebecca Perry had been following Yun Chen on that account for quite some time. 
To confirm, she looked at the Weibo posts from Rebecca Perry’s alternate account and saw Yun Chen in the list of people she followed. 
While she was browsing through Rebecca Perrys Weibo posts and saw many “likes” related to Yun Chen, Rebecca sent another private message. 
Easy to be Lucky: [I heard from others that you really sell a ‘potion of regret’. Do you really have it? Are you not a hoax on Weibo?] 
Ye Xingguang stole a glance at Rebecca Perry who sat at the desk next to hers and was now nervously staring at her computer screen… 
Ye Xingguang was curious. What did Rebecca Perry have to regret? 
Regret Potion Seller: [What do you regret?] 
Appearing to be hesitant in sharing, Rebecca Perry took a while before typing out a message and sending it. 
Easy to be Lucky: [I regret marrying my husband. But we’ve only been married half a month, and you know the current law doesn’t support divorce within the first year unless you can afford to pay a fine of ten million. But… he is impotent.] 
Ye Xingguang widened her eyes in shock.. Was Rebecca Perrys husband her ex-boyfriend? Had this girl who stole her boyfriend actually jumped into a fire pit?
###Chapter 37: If Life Gave You a Chance to Undo Something_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
As they say, luck is easy: [We’ve only been married for half a month, and now he… I’ve jumped straight into a hellhole. If there was a regret pill in this world, I would definitely not marry him. If you really have a regret pill, can you sell me one?] 
Grandpa sells regret pills: [Link] 
Ye Xingguang directly threw over a link to an online shopping platform, it was just ordinary candy labeled as regret pill. She did not have the saintly heart to help Rebecca Perry who stole her ex-boyfriend, she must face the consequences of her actions. 
Soon, Rebecca Perry sent a scathing message in a private chat. 
As they say, luck is easy: [You’re a fraudster, selling dog meat by hanging a lamb’s head! Dishonest and evil!] 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips and directly closed the private chat. 
She had been dating Yun Chen for a long time and they had only held hands. Partly because she was conservative and partly because Yun Chen wasn’t interested in that way, so she really hadn’t known that Yun Chen had those hidden issues. 
At this moment, she didn’t know whether she should feel fortunate, or feel fortunate? 
If it weren’t for Rebecca Perry taking over Yun Chen, would she have been the one to fall into the pit of fire? 
Thank heavens~~ 
Her depression from the heartbreak for the last half-month suddenly cleared up. 
Ye Xingguang opened the other unread private messages and after reading a whole lot of irrelevant regret, her eyes stopped on a plea from Ling Han. 
The user name who caught her attention was: Ling Han. 
This wasn’t a secondary account but a verified user account. 
Ling Han was a celebrity who made her first screen appearance years ago from her role in the popular internet drama “The Third Party”. She played the villain and due to her stellar acting skills, her deep-rooted evil character offended many unreasonable internet users who cursed her on social media. noveldrama
She remembered how Ling Han landed a post “Third Party” role that was quite popular, the title of which she had forgotten. This made Ling Han reach the peak of her career, but then she disappeared suddenly. 
Some time ago, media reported that she had been suffering from depression and would often shut herself in her room without coming out for the entire day. 
To think that Ling Han would message her using her verified account, isn’t she afraid if she turns out to be a fraudster and leaks her private messages? 
After some pondering, Ye Xingguang opened the message. 
Ling Han: [Sigh..Does an actual regret pill exist in this world? 1 know almost everything else is for sale in this world except for a regret pill. Everyone has to take responsibility for every action they take. 1 wish life had a “one-click undo” function, but alas that is just wishful thinking.] 
Ye Xingguang was curious and replied. 
Grandpa sells regret pills: [If life gave you a “one-click undo” opportunity, what would you like to undo?] 
Ling Han had sent her the message around midnight, and assuming she would not be online now. After sending the message and not receiving an immediate response, Ye Xingguang went about her business. Ling Han replied in the afternoon. 
Ling Han: [What would I most like to take back? Sigh… Probably joining the entertainment industry.] 
Ling Han: [Why did I choose this path? Why did I let myself fall into this abyss? Now, I am dirtier than a whore. 1 am living worse than a prostitute who at least has the freedom to choose. Unfortunately, I don’t even have the freedom to say NO. No matter how many times I take a bath, 10 times a day, I am never clean. Why am I still alive?] 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback.. Had Ling Han gone crazy? Sharing such things with a stranger, could it be that she no longer cared about living which is why she wasn’t afraid of her words being screenshot and leaked?
###Chapter 38: 1 am Your Human Hope! _1 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ye Xingguang thought and thought, before sending another reply. What exactly had happened to Ling Han to make her break down like this? 
Grandpa Sells Regret Pills: [If given the chance to undo everything, from which day would you like to start over?] 
Ling Han: [Why did I sign with Star Agent Company on September 17th, three years ago? 1 just wanted to act, not become a chicken that anyone can insult!] 
Ling Han: [The company CEO doesn’t treat me as a human, just asking me to sleep around! Sleep around! Sleep around! If I refuse, 1 get beaten up and continue to party and sleep around!] 
Ling Han: [Those high-ranking scums are not human! I am in so much pain, I can never escape. Why isn’t there a regret pill in the world? Why did I sign with Star Agent Company, becoming like this, unable to escape, unable to struggle, always living in Hell on Earth.] 
Grandpa Sells Regret Pills: [Why didn’t you call the police?] 
Ling Han: [You think 1 didn’t call the police? But what’s the use? Those people have high positions, how can I fight against them? Who dares to stand up and testify for me? But, I won’t let them go, I must make them pay, even if I die, I want those who bullied me to pay!] 
Ye Xingguang sat in front of her computer, silent for a long time. 
At this time, one of the seniors in the TV station department suddenly exclaimed, “Look at Weibo, celebrity Ling Han just posted a suicide note on Weibo. Is she going to commit suicide?” 
“What suicide note? Did she commit suicide?” 
“l don’t know if she has committed suicide. A minute ago, Ling Han posted a suicide note, just one sentence: Goodbye, dirty world, you cannot contain the purity of my heart.” 
“Why is she committing suicide, what happened, did her depression flare up? She has depression.” 
“Anyone with Ling Han or her agent’s phone number, call and verify immediately…” 
Senior reporters in the department were discussing this, speculating. 
Ye Xingguang stared at her computer desktop. She had insider info, but she wasn’t sure whether she should maintain her journalistic integrity and expose it. 
This was absolutely the first-hand information that could give KOCO TV a head start among its peers. 
At this time, Ling Han sent another private message. 
Ling Han: [l know there’s no such thing as regret pills in this world. Just because I saw your Weibo nickname and I had no one to talk to, thank you for listening to me for so long. Goodbye, I am going to revenge in my own way.] noveldrama
Grandpa Sells Regret Pills: [Your so-called revenge, is it to attract others’ attention by your death, to make them regret?] 
Ling Han didn’t reply to her. 
Ye Xingguang was afraid that Ling Han might do something stupid and sent two replies in a row. 
Grandpa Sells Regret Pills: [That’s the most foolish act. If those people you mentioned really do have high positions, do you think your death can punish them as they deserve? Let me tell you, the chances are slim, they will escape legal sanctions and all you’ll be is grass on a grave.] 
Grandpa Sells Regret Pills: [Before you seek death, would you dare to believe me one more time? I can give your life, a turn for the better!] 
After a bit thought, Ye Xingguang typed another line of text.. Her fingers danced on the keyboard and she confidently hit enter: [Grandpa is your last hope in the world!]
###Chapter 39: Her Tears are Regret Medicine_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Ling Han looked at the private message on Weibo, grimly smiling. Where could there be a turning point in her life, where could there be any hope left in the world for her? 
Standing before the glass window of her apartment, Ling Han looked down at the road dozens of stories below. She, in a white, long dress, harbored despair in her eyes without the slightest ray of hope. The deep furrow of her brow mirrored her hopeless predicament. 
At that point, her only choice was to die, to spark attention from the police, the media and the public. 
Furthermore, she felt her own body was so dirty, and she didn’t want to face herself anymore. Death was the ultimate liberation… 
At that moment, many more messages arrived in her Weibo inbox. 
Ye Xingguang, the Regret Medicine Salesman:[lf you dare to die, wouldn’t you dare to trust me just once?] 
Ye Xingguang, the Regret Medicine Salesman: [Who told you there’s no regret medicine in this world? That’s simply because you haven’t met me yet! ] 
Ye Xingguang, the Regret Medicine Salesman: [I can revert your life back to September 17, five years ago, allowing you to make a different choice, to get rid of the Giant Star Agency. Let all the nightmares you’ve been through pass by you this time. Won’t you dare to trust me once before you die?] 
Tottering on the edge of the glass window, Ling Han was in danger of falling at any moment… 
Holding her phone, staring at the messages, she was unsure whether she should grasp hold of this seemingly unreliable lifeline. 
At that moment, she opened up the comments under her own suicide note. 
Internet user Blah Blah Blah: Wanting to get famous so bad, huh? Turning to suicide when you’ve got no work, just to trend. Today’s trending topic belongs to my idol, don’t you try to snatch the top spot away. If you’re sick, go home and take medicine, what’s with your brain! 
Internet user Nothing to Lose: Haha… so brave of you, dare to die then, this world is so dirty, yet you act like you’re an angel? 
Internet user Always Bored: My sister’s friend’s sister works as a waitress at some club. She’s seen Ling Han going in and out of there, often taken away by different men. Heh, showbiz actresses, how many of them are really pure at heart? noveldrama
Reading those comments, Ling Han was so furious her chest heaved with each breath. 
Already on the verge of desperation, reading those callous comments caused her depressed heart to shatter completely. 
That’s right, she couldn’t die. She didn’t want to let netizens comment about her like this after her death. 
Even if there was just a 0.00000001% chance of hope, she wanted to latch onto it. She couldn’t let this go easily. 
Then, Ling Han typed three words in a private message on Weibo. 
Ling Han: [l dare to believe.] 
Ye Xingguang snapped his fingers. That’s my girl! 
If there was one thing he was good at, it was giving people a second opportunity. After all, who else in this world, apart from Ye Xingguang himself, could do this? He had a secret, and that was he truly did have the potion of regret! 
It sounds unreliable? Actually, he too found it somewhat bizarre! 
Isn’t it amazing how shells can create pearls? But his tears becoming a regret potion was something he truly found inexplicable! 
The only unfortunate thing was, it couldn’t be mass-produced; even if he cried his eyes out for a whole month, he could only produce one dose of the regret potion. Therefore, he could only help one customer per month. 
Ye Xingguang touched his skin, it was only because of his ability to produce regret medicine that he had been transformed from an ugly duckling into a beautiful swan. 
When he was born, his fish tail was an ugly grey-black color, earning the disdain of his parents. But soon after his body cried out the regret potion, his fish tail turned a bit prettier, and now he could easily outshine Xia Yanyan. 
He didn’t even know if what he cried out, prettier than a pearl, should be called a regret medicine or a beauty pill? 
However, his tears didn’t come easily. It was hard to cry out the tears.. How could he make it easier?
###Chapter 40: She just wants to beat up Ye Junqing’s head!_l 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
At this moment, Ling Han sent another private message. 
Ling Han: [How do I buy it? How much does it cost?] 
Ye Xingguang quickly typed a response. 
The Regret Medicine Dealer: [l want half of all your assets!] 
The Regret Medicine Dealer: [You don’t have to give it to me now. After you take the antidote and start a new life, convert half of all your assets into cash and donate it to the “Bo e s Medical Research Institute”. At the time when 1 am giving you the regret medicine, we will sign the donation agreement. One hand delivers, the other signs.] 
Her adoptive father was suffering from renal failure. Besides dialysis, the only treatment was a kidney transplant. 
Unfortunately, it was almost impossible to find a donor kidney. 
Doctor Bo and his medical team were developing an artificial kidney. If successful, it could save her adoptive father. But the research was suffering from a lack of funds and had stalled several times. She had to try hard to earn money for Doctor Bo and his team so they could continue their research. 
If the research was successful, her adoptive father wouldn’t have to go to the hospital to have dialysis three times a week. 
Ling Han: [How do I know if this regret medicine you’re talking about will work or not? How do I know you’re not just trying to cheat me out of my money?] 
The Regret Medicine Dealer: [This is a risky bet, using half of your assets to change your destiny. It’s up to you whether you’re willing or not. You have five hours to think it over. This is a one-time opportunity. At 5:30 this afternoon, we’ll meet at this address. PS, you’re not even afraid of death, are you still concerned about money? If you don’t truly regret your past actions, you wouldn’t be willing to use half of your assets to try to change things. My regret medicine is only for sale to those who’ve really made up their minds to change their fate.] 
Ye Xingguang typed an address into the chat window. She’d have to find a way to produce a regret medicine in the next five hours. 
At this moment, Rebecca Perry, who was sitting next to her, suddenly started to laugh. She raised her voice and announced to the department, “Hey, check this out. There’s someone claiming to be a maid from Ye’s family spreading gossip on the Carp Girl’s Weibo. They’re saying that the super cute photo of the Carp Girl was taken while Ye Junqing was drunk. The truth isn’t what the photo suggests.” 
The department staff, who had all been following Ling Han’s situation, quickly turned their attention to the Carp Girl. 
Rebecca Perry directly posted a screenshot of the maid’s gossip into the 
interview department’s WeChat group. 
Ye Xingguang opened the screenshot with a frown. 
Indeed, an Internet user claiming to be Ye’s family maid was leaking information. noveldrama
Internet User “You are my Lemon”: I am a maid in Ye’s family. The truth is not what @CarpGirl said. Last night, master got drunk. @CarpGirl took advantage of his drunkenness and posed for the photo. When master got sober this morning, he was furious. He fired us and the housekeeper for not keeping a close eye on @CarpGirl. We are innocent. 
Other Internet users were begging “You are my Lemon” to leak @CarpGirl’s real name and photo. 
Internet User “You are my Lemon”: Before we were fired, we were warned not to reveal her information. Once @CarpGirl’s information is exposed, even if we were not the source, we would get punished. So I dare not say anything. But master really doesn’t like @CarpGirl. 
Ye Xingguang: “Sobbing, The Carp Girl is really pitiful…” 
Ye Xingguang squeezed her eyes hard. No sooner than she had restored some honor than the maid slapped her down again. She needed to cry from heartache, but despite her best efforts… 
Not a tear! 
What she really felt like doing was bashing Ye Junqings head in! 
If Ye Junqing hadn’t fired the maid, the maid wouldn’t hold a grudge against her. 
Luckily, the maid did not dare to leak her name. Otherwise, she would be a laughingstock in the whole department now..
###Chapter 41: Whatever You Fear, Comes – 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Rebecca Perry continued to laugh recklessly because she married the wrong man. She had always been envious of the carp girl. Had she placed a bid at the Northern District Civil Affairs Office that day, she might have ended up with Ye Junqing. noveldrama
But she was out of her mind, treating the good-for-nothing Shi Yun Chen like treasure, and thus, she took a plunge into the fiery pit. 
No wonder didn’t seem devastated after the breakup. Maybe Ye Xingguang was laughing inside at her predicament. 
The more Rebecca thought about it, the angrier she became. Only when she saw that the carp girl wasn’t doing much better did she feel a touch of solace. 
“What’s there to laugh about? Ye Junqings strained relationship with the carp girl is harmful news that would only reduce Ye Shitings public support. How can you still laugh at a time like this?” 
The director glared at the confused Rebecca Perry, then turned to Ye 
Xingguang, saying, “Xingguang, I know you are upset, but crying isn’t the solution.’ 
Ye Xingguang, who could not shed any tears, nodded: “Then, what should I do?” 
The pot-bellied director patted Ye Xingguangs shoulder with a heavy sense of duty. 
“Xingguang, it was indeed not appropriate to send you on a solo interview on your second day at work, but there’s an assignment the station wants you to handle.” 
Ye Xingguang said resolutely, “Director, what assignment? Just tell me, I won’t refuse.’ 
The beer-bellied director was pleased with her spirit of dedication. “The station wants you to interview Ye Junqing and verify the authenticity of the picture that the carp girl posted last night.” 
“What?” 
Ye Xingguang felt her head spin. Now, she felt the urge to cry. 
“Director, can’t someone else go? I could go with Teacher Chang, I really don’t have enough experience.” 
The director responded, “Qin Hua’s question during last night’s interview with Ye Junqing was a mistake. Now the station’s leadership has specifically called for you. They have arranged a ten-minute exclusive interview for you. You’re a talented graduate from C University, you certainly won’t let them down.” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Which leader from the station, come out! I swear, I’ll kill you! 
The big leader, Ji Qishu, was lounging in his office chair, crossing his legs, and chatting with Tang Zhou in their family’s group chat. 
Ji Qishu: “I’ve already assigned Xingguang to interview Ye Junqing. Let’s see how she’s going to deal with posting a staged photo while taking advantage of Ye Junqings illness.” 
Tang Zhou chuckled uncontrollably on the other side of the phone. 
Tang Zhou: “Hahaha, big brother, nice move! @Fu Zhuo, what’s Ye Junqing up to today?” 
Fu Zhuo: “Xia Ye Zhao invited Sir Ye to swim at the Maitina Swim Club, which is a membership-only club. She’ll be stopped without a membership card. Let her get a sunburn outside; then I’ll collect her and give her a lesson about social classes. She needs to understand that she and Sir Ye don’t belong to the same circle, so she could stop dreaming about Sir Ye!” 
Tang Zhou: “0h~~Speaking of the swim club, I miss my first love, the Siamese Fighting Fish. Didn’t Sir Ye find my first love?” 
What Ye Xingguang didn’t know was that a group of bored people were planning to watch her drama. With a heavy heart, she arrived at Maitina Swim Club, following the address the director had provided. 
As expected, even flashing her press card didn’t work; she was ruthlessly blocked by the staff. 
It was the hottest time of July, and Ye Xingguang was getting nowhere arguing with the workers at the club entrance. 
At that moment, a pair of slender legs stepped over, with one arm draped on her shoulder.. A membership card was casually tossed out, followed by a careless voice, “Can we go in now?”
###Chapter 42: How Did He Recognize Her? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
The staff member glanced at the visitors and hurriedly replied respectfully: “Young Master Han, of course you can go in. But as for this lady, I’m not sure what her relation is to you? Generally speaking, apart from your female companion, for you to casually bring other people in would constitute a breach of rules.’ 
Today, quite a number of influential figures had come to the swimming pool. The pool had to maintain privacy and couldn’t allow journalists to freely take photographs. 
“As for her… 
The young man took off his sunglasses from his aquiline nose, casually inserted them into Ye Xingguangs collar, then raised the corners of his handsome lips, watching Ye Xingguang with a face full of affection: “She’s my ancestor, she’s my hope in this world.” 
The staff member: “…” 
Ye Xingguang felt a little dizzy. Damn, she never imagined that the influential media figure she had helped last month, Han Chengbei, would actually recognize her? 
After Han Chengbei cheekily spat out those words, he straightened up and asked: “So, can I take my ancestor in now?” 
The Han family is a noble family in country A, and young master Han is the favorite son of the old master Han. After making such a flirty public declaration, how could the staff dare to stop him? 
It was rumored that Young Master Han had recently donated half of his assets to “Bo Da Medical Research Institute”, causing resentment within the Han family. But Young Master Han treated money like dirt and continued to do as he pleased. 
Not only did old master Han not reprimand him, he even publically stated that his son’s willingness to support medical research made him proud. 
However, looking at the burly photographer who came in with Ye Xingguang, the staff member asked: “Young Master Han, surely this burly photographer isn’t also your worldly hope, is he?” 
Han Chengbei arched an eyebrow but remained silent. 
Ye Xingguang said to the photographer, Bai Sheng, who was accompanying her: “Mr. Bai, why don’t you wait for me outside? When I find Ye Junqing, I’ll figure out a way to bring you in.” 
The reporter Bai Sheng, carrying a camera, nodded: “Sounds good.” 
After Ye Xingguang was taken into the swimming pool by Han Chengbei, she immediately shook off his arm draped over her shoulder and carefully asked: 
“Young Master Han, how did you recognize me?” 
For her own safety and to avoid people getting addicted to regret pills and endlessly pestering her, Ye Xingguang never revealed her identity when selling regret pills. 
But this young master Han, right from the moment he opened his mouth, he said she was his ancestor, and she was his worldly hope. 
“My ancestor, surely you didn’t think that after you conned me out of half of my assets, I wouldn’t investigate you?” Han Chengbei quipped, nonchalantly shaking off his air of indifference. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang pondered for a long time: “Did I expose myself when I asked you to write a recommendation letter?” 
She had asked Han Chengbei to write a recommendation letter for a girl named Ye Xingguang, simply mentioning that Ye Xingguang was her friend’s daughter who just recently graduated from university, without saying that she was Ye Xingguang. 
“No, you revealed yourself just now.” 
Ye Xingguang: “…” 
Han Chengbei glanced at her: “l was just trying to tease you, but I didn’t expect to hit the mark. You really are my worldly hope.” 
Ye Xingguang regretted not withholding her identity: “Is it too late for me to take a regret pill now?” 
Han Chengbei ruffled her hair: “No need, my ancestor, don’t worry, I won’t harm you. As a person, l, Han Chengbei, bask in holding grudges and in gratitude. I will never forget the great kindness you showed me. Tell me, what interview task do you have today? Are you aiming to interview Ye Junqing? Do you want my help?” 
No, she didn’t want to interview Ye Junqing at all. She was under duress, and since Bai Sheng, the photographer, wasn’t present, all she wanted was to find a place to relax in peace, and figure out a way to weep out a regret pill. 
[Author’s note: I’m seeking comments and messages, as well as free tickets daily.. My fairies, don’t be so aloof, sigh, I feel lonely, cold, and empty~]
###Chapter 43: Night Monarch Qing shouldn’t mind, right?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Such a coincidence, Ye Junqing, a terrible headache, actually appeared in the grand setting of the first-floor hall, surrounded by men dressed in suits and shining shoes. A grand entourage, they emerged from a corridor to the left of the hall. 
As if they had reached some agreement, or had finalized some project, their attitudes were impeccably arrogant as they came to the entrance of the hall. They bid each other farewell with a handshake as if neither wanted to be inferior. 
Only when the other man left the swimming complex under the protection of his bodyguards did Ye Junqing, with a quick glance, notice Ye Xingguang standing beside Han Chengbei. He noticed the man’s sunglasses hung from the collar of her blouse. 
The icy gaze that came in her direction made Ye Xingguang shudder, but she quickly regained her composure. She boldly met Ye Junqings deep, captivating eyes. This man’s attractiveness seemed to be unyielding at all times. 
“Look who’s here.’ 
Han Chengbei led Ye Xingguangs towards Ye Junqing and greeted him, “Master Ye, it’s quite a coincidence. I was actually looking for you. My girl wants to interview you. Would you give us the honor?” 
“Your girl?” 
Even Ye Junqing himself didn’t realize how disdainful he sounded when those words left his mouth. 
Han Chengbei strangely felt the surrounding temperature drop swiftly, as if a low-pressure area was quickly forming around him. Was it just his imagination? 
Han Chengbei shook his head without giving it much thought. He casually draped his long arm around Ye Xingguangs shoulder and gave her a playful pat, “This is reporter Ye Xingguang. Do you think you could give us a few minutes for an interview?” 
Ye Junqing remained silent, his gaze falling on Han Chengbei’s hand on Ye Xingguangs shoulder, darkening noticeably. 
Fu Zhuo, standing beside Ye Junqing, felt it his responsibility to inquire, 
“Master Han, what exactly is your relationship with Ms. Ye?” “No relationship.” Ye Xingguang brushed off Han Chengbei’s hand. 
“How can there be no relationship?” 
Han Chengbei put on an injured expression, “Didn’t you passionately tell me last month that you were my hope?” 
Han Chengbei cast a knowing glance at Ye Xingguang. If she says there’s no relationship, how would Ye Junqing grant him any face? 
If only Ye Xingguang knew Han Chengbei’s intentions. Indeed, his favor was more than she could bear. 
With her beloved right there, why would she say such misleading words? If her beloved misunderstood her as cheating, he might just send her to jail! 
However, Ye Junqing probably wouldn’t mind, would he? 
Why was she worrying about this? 
“How about it, Master Ye, could you give this little brother some face?” Han Chengbei continued. 
Ye Junqing remained silent, towering over Ye Xingguang with cold eyes that fixated on the sunglasses at the collar of her shirt, exuding an icy aura. He seemed to be rejecting any idea of giving them face. 
Fu Zhuo hurriedly explained, “Master Ye, I forgot to tell you, Master Ting has arranged an exclusive interview for you. So, 1 agreed to let a journalist from KOCO Television come here. I didn’t expect it would be Miss Ye they sent.” 
Ye Junqing still didn’t utter a word. His cold lips were tightly pursed. His gaze never left the sunglasses on Ye Xingguangs collar and a dangerous killing intent had unknowingly emerged in his eyes. noveldrama
Ye Junqings eyes were too deep. 
Ye Xingguang’s breathing quickened involuntarily. Despite racking her brains, she could not understand why this man was looking at her as if he wanted to strangle her.. Was he upset because she appeared in front of him, making her presence known again?
###Chapter 44: I’m free now!_l 
Translator: 549690339 
In all honesty, if possible, she didn’t want to seek attention by approaching him at all. But she had no choice; she had to follow orders. 
Ye Xingguang took a deep breath, telling herself not to be intimidated by Mr. Ye Junqings icy aura, and steeled herself as she stepped forward: “Mr. Ye, how do you do, I am a journalist from KOCO TV station, could you spare a few minutes for an exclusive interview?” 
“No!” 
What a merciless rejection. 
Ye Xingguang wasn’t surprised by the rebuff. She felt a mix of disappointment and relief, “Then I won’t disturb Mr. Ye anymore.” 
Ha! Back at the office she would tell the chief that Ye Junqing refused to be interviewed by her. Perfect! 
Just as Ye Xingguang was about to leave, Han Chengbei stopped her. 
“Mr. Ye, you’re really not giving me face. Never mind, darling, why don’t you interview me instead? Let’s go to the swimming pool and chat. How about I accompany you for a swim?” 
The term ‘darling’ made Ye Xingguang frown. She declined immediately, “1 can’t swim.” noveldrama
“I’ll teach you.” He said, intending to lead her towards the swimming pool. 
However, before his slender hand could reach out, Ye Xingguang was already pulled away by Ye Junqing. 
Surprised, Han Chengbei looked up in confusion, “Mr. Ye, isn’t it inappropriate for you to snatch my girl?” 
Ye Junqing completely ignored Han Chengbei. The only reason he didn’t reach down to his waist, pull out his gun, and blow Han Chengbei’s brains out was because of his old man’s friendship with Han’s father. 
“You wanted to interview me, didn’t you?” Ye Junqing looked down at Ye Xingguang, his tone serious, “I’m free now!” 
Before Ye Xingguang could respond, Han Chengbei said, “Hahaha, Mr. Ye, you’re really preserving my dignity. Darling, hurry up and go interview Mr. Yea It’s rare for him to grant interviews. Come watch me swim at the pool after you’re done. I’ll show you what a perfect swimmer looks like.” 
Those words felt like sharp needles in Ye Junqings ears. 
Though it was supposed to be an interview, when Ye Junqing brought Ye Xingguang to the pool, he showed no intention of saying anything, instead he coldly told her, “Wait here.” 
After that, he went into the changing room nearby. 
Ye Xingguang sat on the tatami mat by the pool, nervously twiddling her thumbs. She really didn’t want to interview Ye Junqing, so what should she do now? 
Ye Junqing had gone to change. Should she take this opportunity to escape? 
Even though Ye Junqing walked off, his loyal follower Fu Zhuo was still there, so were his bodyguards standing nearby, all intimidating, giving her no chance to escape. 
Sob… 
She was nearing tears. How was she supposed to conduct the interview? “Excuse me, Mr. Ye, are the pictures posted by Miss Koi Fish on Weibo real?” 
“Excuse me, Mr. Ye, did you sleep holding Miss Koi Fish last night?” 
“Excuse me, Mr. Ye, did you do it willingly?” 
Just thinking about these questions made her want to smash her head against a block of tofu! 
At this moment, Han Chengbei came out of the changing room, only wearing swimming trunks. He was in great shape. His long legs were slender without any excess fat, and his ab muscles were ultra-sexy. Instantly, Ye Xingguangs dull eyes sparkled. 
Noticing the twinkle in Ye Xingguangs eyes, Han Chengbei was very satisfied with her amazement, “Hey darling, do you think I look good?” 
Ye Xingguang gave him a thumbs up, “Handsome! How long have you been working out?” 
Posing coolly, Han Chengbei said, “Take out your phone, and snap away. Feel free to use any of the photos as your wallpaper..”
###Chapter 45: Just Because I’m Your Man! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Well, in that case, I won’t hold back.” 
As a fanatic of good looks, it would be a crime against herself if she didn’t take a few shots of this great physique with her phone. 
Just as Ye Xingguang was getting her phone out, she noticed another epitome of masculinity emerging from the changing room. Her camera instantly focused on him for he came from the same direction as Han Chengbei. This made it unclear whether she was photographing Han Chengbei or the latest entrant. 
Seeing Han Chengbei pose and noticing Ye Xingguang excitedly snapping pictures of him with her phone, Ye Junqings face turned extremely dark. 
How dare this little mermaid brazenly photograph other men right in front of him? Did she treat him like he was dead? noveldrama
“Wow, wow, what a chest, those abs, that waist, those long legs…” Ye 
Xingguang couldn’t help but cry out as she continued to snap pictures. 
Han Chengbei’s physique was already very impressive but when Ye Junqing stepped out, she then understood the phrase ‘there is always someone better out there’. It seemed bloody unfair how he was blessed with all the best features. 
Han Chengbei did have a good body, but when compared to Ye Junqing, it seemed instantly dull and unremarkable. 
Was this man naturally born to outshine others? 
“Alright, look at you drooling. I’m getting in the water now. Feel free to snap away also,” 
Han Chengbei thinking that Ye Xingguang was marveling at him, dived into the pool, manifesting all his charm as he swam. 
After Han Chengbei dove into the water, Ye Xingguang no longer dared to brazenly capture Ye Junqing and reluctantly put away her phone. 
When Ye Junqing approached her and bent down to take his swimming goggles from the mattress, he leaned in and whispered, “Delete those pictures, or don’t blame me for dealing with you!’ 
Ye Xingguang was shocked, how did he know she was secretly photographing him? 
Immediately, Ye Xingguangs ears turned red. 
Like a child caught doing something wrong, her instinctive reaction was to retort, “l didn’t snap you. I was snapping Han Chengbei.” 
She should have kept silent. Instead, she observed Ye Junqings breath getting heavier. 
With great anger, he lowered his head and warned, “Woman, are you blind? Don’t make me say it a second time!” 
Even if she couldn’t differentiate between specific muscle lines, she surely knew that comparing Han Chengbei’s physique with his, there was a long, long way to go! 
The more Ye Xingguang felt guilty, the more composed she appeared on the surface, “l didn’t snap you. Why should I delete?” 
“Because I am your man!” Ye Junqing stared at her. His deep eyes seemed bottomless, as if she dared not delete them, he was ready to grab her chin, bend down, and teach her a lesson – a punishment that he, a man, would give to a woman. She would think twice before ignoring his words and snapping others in front of him. 
Ye Xingguang winced, although he didn’t take any action, she could already feel his scorching gaze, as if he was invading her every sense, making her body feel like it was on fire. 
Ye Xingguang cursed her weakness silently, her body surprisingly responding to his threat. What was wrong with her? 
She quickly stood aside, worried that she would allow her heart to race further. But did he just say he was her man? 
What sort of man was he to her? 
First, she was not allowed to approach him and must actively retreat whenever she saw him; 
Second, there was no chance of feelings developing over time. 
They were just two strangers forced together by national policy. Now he was upset because she had some nice pictures of him and demanded her to delete them with a dark expression. Which man wouldn’t let his woman keep a few of his photos in her camera? 
Thinking that she was reluctant to delete and was planning to escape, Ye 
Junqing held her wrist and ordered in a low voice, “Delete them in front of me.. Do it now!”
###Chapter 46: The Other’s Brother_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Hearing Ye Junqings angry words, Ye Xingguang didn’t even know where to put her face. Deleting it in front of him was as bad as driving her to suicide. 
“Mr. Qing, so you’re here. I’ve been looking for you.” At that moment, someone was walking towards them. 
Ye Xingguang tilted her head to see Xia Yanyan and a man, talking and laughing arm in arm. Despite the many years that had passed, Ye Xingguang recognised the man instantly; it was her elder brother, Xia Ye Zhao. 
She was fond of her brother when she was little. Throughout her whole family, he was the only one who didn’t ridicule her for having a long tail. He showered her with affection. Xia Ye Zhao was the best brother she had ever known, the typical “brother others have,” spoiling his sister and being very gentle. 
Xia Ye Zhao was ten years older than her. The year she was released into the sea, Xia Ye Zhao was already sixteen. The image of him as a charming young lad was deeply ingrained in her mind. After sixteen years of no contact, the young lad she once knew had matured into a fascinating and refined gentleman. 
She remembered that when she was cast away by her parents, Xia Ye Zhao was studying abroad. She wondered if the brother who used to love her so dearly had ever gone to sea to find her, or if he felt sorrowful over losing her? 
With these thoughts, she couldn’t help but feel a twinge of sadness in her nose. 
Ye Junqing let go of Ye Xingguang and whispered to Fu Zhuo, “Watch her and get her to delete the photos.” 
“Yes,” Fu Zhuo, standing on the side, nodded obediently. 
Nieanwhile, Xia Ye Zhao and Xia Yanyan walked closer to them. 
When Xia Ye Zhao set his eyes on Ye Xingguangs face, an inexpidable sense of familiarity overcame him, and he couldn’t help but take a closer look. “Mr. Qing, could you introduce us?” 
“Hello, I’m a reporter from KOCO. I came to interview Mr. Qing today. My name is Ye Xingguang.” she introduced herself, not wanting to give Ye Junqing an opportunity to say anything that would leave her feeling embarrassed, like “Don’t know her,” “Not familiar,” and so on. 
Xia Ye Zhao nodded. He couldn’t remember where he’d seen her and changed the subject, “Mr. Qing, how about a swim?” 
Without a word, Ye Junqing, suppressing his anger, dived into the swimming pool. Immediately after, Xia Ye Zhao also jumped in. 
After the two men had gone into the water, Fu Zhuo said to Ye Xingguang, noveldrama
“Miss Ye, you’d better delete them. Why would you want to provoke Mr. Qing?’! 
Xia Yanyan was curious why Ye Xingguang had upset Ye Junqing, so instead of swimming, she sat on the tatami rush mat and called for a waiter to bring her a cold drink. 
Ye Xingguang was utterly regretful. Why on earth did she take those handsome photos of Ye Junqing? Xia Yanyan was now enjoying the show, and Ye Xingguang felt as if she was about to lose all of her self-respect. 
“Fine, I will delete them. What’s the big deal?” 
Ye Xingguang, holding back tears, took out her phone, deleted Ye Junqings handsome photos one by one in front of Fu Zhuo, then handed her phone to him, “Are you satisfied now?” 
But Fu Zhuo was not satisfied. He pointed at the photos from last night when Ye Xingguang had sneakily taken pictures of her and Ye Junqing together while he was sleeping. “Miss Ye, please delete these too. 1 had warned you earlier that Mr. Qing was not someone you could covet. If you continue to ignore this advice and fantasize about him, you’ll only end up hurting yourself.. Why bother?”
###Chapter 47: Can’t Help but Treasure Me_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang felt as though Fu Zhuo had slapped her face fiercely. It stung and it hurt, but the humiliation was even worse. 
What was most hateful was that Xia Yanyan, sitting beside her, had overheard everything. Ye Xingguang felt Xia’s gaze on her, full of scornful pride. The faint smile on her lips seemed to mock her for her audacity and the derision she had brought upon herself. 
“l don’t have any intention to get close to him. Your family treats him like a treasure, but in front of me, he’s nothing!’ 
Ye Xingguang, her pride wounded, snapped these words before picking up the microphone and leaving. She did not want to stay here any longer and provide any more opportunities for others to trample on her dignity. 
If she interviewed Ye Junging, her dignity would surely be crushed. 
By the time Ye Xingguang reached the lobby on the ground floor, she could hardly keep her tears from spinning down her face. She couldn’t understand why she was feeling so upset. 
Perhaps it was because her beloved brother from the past no longer recognized her… noveldrama
Perhaps it was because Xia Yanyan had sat beside her, laughing at her… 
Perhaps it was because Ye Junqing, the big tumor, was too detestable… 
In any case, her heart felt clogged. 
The more she thought, the more blocked her heart became… 
However, she lift her head high and forced back the tears that were threatening to fall. Even if she wanted to let out a tear that day, she wouldn’t at this moment. Ye Xingguangs inner strength was considerable, she wouldn’t shed a tear for Ye Junqing. Did he deserve it? 
Just as she was thinking, her phone rang from within her pocket. 
Ye Xingguang pulled out her phone to see that it was her adopted father calling from the far-off island. 
Swallowing hard, she tried her best to control her emotions before answering the call. Holding back her misery, her voice was cheerful when she answered, “Dad.’ 
“Xingguang, do you still have enough money?” 
A concerned voice came through the phone. 
For some reason, the tears that she was working so hard to hold back rapidly welled up in her eyes at the sound of her father’s voice. 
She quickly wiped her tears away and tried to pretend to sound at ease, “Dad, I have enough, I really do.” 
Each time her father called, the first thing he would ask was this. She was worried that her father would remit her money again. 
“You always say you have enough. Do you know how high the cost of living in the capital is? I’ve added five thousand to your card, check if it’s arrived. Make sure you spend more on food, don’t worry about saving money for me. You know your dad has money.” 
Ye Xingguang was finding it harder to control her tears. She covered her mouth carefully, afraid to speak, afraid that her voice would betray her emotions. 
“Why are you not answering? Your mother asked me to ask you, is the man who got assigned to you treating you well? My precious daughter is amazing; she scored a jackpot! When the civil affairs bureau called your mother to inform her, she was overjoyed for half a day. Also, your mother started following your Weibo. That brat dared to hug you so tightly, is my daughter someone that he can just casually embrace?” Through the phone, her father sounded proud. 
Ye Xingguang was stunned. She hadn’t brought this topic up with her parents, but the civil affairs bureau had already informed them? 
Suppressing her feelings of injustice, Ye Xingguang pretended to brag happily, “What can I do, dad? Your daughter is so desirable that no one can bear to be bad to me. Don’t believe the media; they’re jealous of my good luck and always fantasize about me being bullied by others. But in reality, he…he really cherishes me.’ 
Her father laughed heartily over the phone, “Is my precious daughter that amazing?” 
“Of course, you should see who raised me. Dad, I’m at work now, I’ll call you when I’m home and let you see how well my partner treats me.” 
Having said that, Ye Xingguang swiftly hung up the phone. If she didn’t end the call right then, she would have betrayed the sorrow in her voice that she was struggling to hide..
###Chapter 48: I have supervised her deleting all your photos_l 
Translator: 549690339 
She couldn’t control her tears. She always claimed to have a high threshold for crying, so why couldn’t she hold back upon hearing her father’s voice? 
Ye Xingguang kept wiping her tears, but the more she wiped, the more aggrieved she became. Tears streamed down her cheeks uncontrollably, forming a pool on the ground that shimmered like a beautiful silver pearl. Ye Xingguang squatted on the ground, picking up the pearl-like tear. She felt so false in her misery. Despite feeling choked up, she still picked up the tear. noveldrama
Right, she wasn’t really upset! She just wanted to cry out a pill of regret. What had she even seen in Ye Junqing?! 
“Baby girl, why did you leave?” 
Soaked to the skin, Han Chengbei ran after her and saw a silver pearl in her hand. He raised an eyebrow, “Got another order?” 
Ye Xingguang clenched her fist, hiding the tear of regret. Her head bowed low, she replied, “Yeah, I’m leaving.” 
“Why are you crying? Who bullied you?” said Han Chengbei, noticing her strange voice. 
“It’s nothing. Who can possibly bully me?” 
But her obviously shaky voice betrayed her. How could Han Chengbei just turn a blind eye? 
Han Chengbei grabbed her wrist: “Come, go with me. Whoever bullied you, just tell your brother. Brother will kick them to death.” 
“Really, it’s nothing. 1 just missed my parents. My dad called me and 1 couldn’t control my tears.” 
“Is it really just that?” 
Ye Xingguang showed her phone to Han Chengbei. Han Chengbei remained worried, “Wait here for me. I’ll walk with you.” 
“There’s no need.’ 
“I’m just curious. Who else is as lucky as me to encounter someone like you who just digs money? You got another order, right?” 
Han Chengbei didn’t give Ye Xingguang a chance to refuse. Without even changing his clothes, he followed her out of the swimming pool in his swimming trunks. 
In the pool, Xia Yanyan changed into her swimsuit and jumped in. 
The elegant girl dove gracefully into the water. Her beautiful legs transformed magically into a red mermaid tail as soon as they disappeared under water. It was like she was the most beautiful mermaid from a fairy tale, stunning everyone in the pool. 
The pool was now too crowded, so Ye Junqing, no longer in the mood for a swim, got out of the water. 
Grabbing the towel Fu Zhuo handed him, Ye Junqing wiped his face and looked around: “Where is she?” 
“Miss Ye was angry and left. But don’t worry, I made sure she deleted all your photos from her phone. Not a single one was left.”Fu Zhuo’s voice was filled with a tone of self-satisfaction. 
“Mm.” Ye Junqing didn’t care. He walked over to the tatami mat, lying down lazily. He paused halfway while toweling his hair, and looked at Fu Zhuo: “What did you just say? Say it again.” 
“l oversaw Miss Ye deleting all the photos. There’s not a single one left,” repeated Fu Zhuo. 
Ye Junqing pondered, “What else?” 
“Miss Ye left because of that,” replied Fu Zhuo. 
Ye Junqing felt like he’s missing something. “Repeat everything you said earlier. Word for word.’ 
Fu Zhuo didn’t know what Ye Junqing wanted to hear. He not only repeated his 
earlier words but added even more details: “You asked me to supervise Miss Ye deleting all your photos from her phone. I saw she took a lot of pictures while you were asleep last night and made her delete them all. She was a bit upset and left in a huff. Before she left, she defiantly said that you mean nothing to her. Miss Ye speaks contrary to her heart. If what she said was true, why would she pretend to take photos for Mr. Han while in reality all the photos are of you…..”
###Chapter 49: Not a single one left, not one! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Fu Zhuo noticed that Ye Jingqin’s face momentarily revealed a look of surprise, then bafflement and ratio. Moist of all, what followed was an expression of regret that was hard to believe. A mix of complex emotions played out on his handsome face. Fu Zhuo was puzzled, what could cause Ye 
Jingqin to look so remorseful? noveldrama
“Ye Jingqin, what’s wrong?” 
Ye Jingqin stared at Fu Zhuo for a while, doubting what he heard. “Are you saying, she was taking my pictures just now?” 
“Yes, Nis. Ye was supposedly taking photos of Mr. Han, but in reality, all the photos were of you. I knew she was still attracted to you!” 
Ye Jingqin clenched the towel in his hand: “All deleted?” 
Fu Zhuo proudly replied: “You can rest assured, Ye Jingqin. Although Ms. Ye was reluctant, I didn’t let her keep a single photo. This includes the photos she secretly took of you last night, I insisted she delete them completely.” 
Ye Jingqin’s face showed even more shock: “Last night?” 
“Ye Jingqin, you may not know this, but last night, Ms. Ye took a lot of photos of you cuddling her while you were asleep. They were incredibly romantic, anyone who saw the photos without knowing the truth would think that she’s your deep love. This Ms. Ye, she’s very cunning!’ 
Ye Jingqin’s fingers tightened, his knuckles making a cracking sound: “Not a single one left?” 
Fu Zhuo nodded: “Not a single one.” 
Ye Jingqin closed his eyes, remained silent for a moment, then opened his eyes again: “You’re certain that all the photos were of me, not Han Chengbei?’! 
Fu Zhuo was very certain: “l was standing right behind Ms. Ye at the time. I clearly saw that she was just using the excuse of taking photos of Mr. Han to secretly snap photos of you… She probably wanted to take them home to fantasize, luckily I deleted them quickly…” 
“Shut up!” Ye Jingqin’s eyes narrowed sharply, he wished he could kick Fu Zhuo all the way to Siberia. 
Fu Zhuo had forced her to delete all the photos, not a single one was left, not a single one! 
Ye Jingqin felt a great blockage in his heart. He breeds an overwhelming sense of powerlessness, unable to grasp what he desperately wanted to hold on to. 
Staring at the so-called culprit, Fu Zhuo, with cold eyes, he reprimanded: “Who told you to make her delete every single one?” Fu Zhuo was confused, and replied, “You did.” 
Ye Jingqin: 
Ye Jingqin has always been able to control his temper, never undertaking anything beneath his dignity, or saying disgraceful words. But he couldn’t hold back this time and he kicked Fu Zhuo solidly: “When I order you, you just obey? What if I ordered you to eat shit, would you do it?” 
The kick was hard and caught Fu Zhuo off guard, sending him straight into the swimming pool. 
With a loud splash, water flew everywhere. Fu Zhuo, wearing a suit and leather shoes, was instantly drenched. 
But Fu Zhuo dared not complain. He quickly bobbed to the surface, full of confusion: “Ye Jingqin, what did I do wrong? Please instruct me.” 
Ye Jingqin really didn’t want to talk to Fu Zhuo. A wave of anger surged in his heart, trapped and unable to be released. Not knowing whether to blame Fu Zhuo or himself. The thought of all his handsome photos being deleted until not one was left made him regret so much that his gut knotted up. 
Thinking that she had left in a huff… 
Ye Jingqin stood up abruptly and strode away from the swimming pool. 
Fu Zhuo hurriedly climbed out of the pool and followed along: “Ye Jingqin, where are you going?” 
Ye Jingqin completely ignored Fu Zhuo. He turned to the bodyguard and said, “Go find out where that girl is.” 
After the bodyguard asked the doorman at the pool’s entrance and learned of the situation, he reported to Ye Jingqin: “The doorman said he saw Miss Ye standing at the door crying, and then Mr. Han followed her and took her away. They left not more than five minutes ago….”
###Chapter 50: It Only Takes a Minute for You to noveldrama
Make a Comeback 1 
Translator: 549690339 
After leaving the Medina Swimming Pool, Ye Xingguang found a place to remove her makeup and change her clothes. With that, she transformed into a dashing young man. 
Though her height of 1.6 meters was considered short among men, her flawless, icy, and translucent complexion was just as beautiful when she was without makeup, stretching from her eyebrows to her chin. 
All of her long hair was concealed under a wig, revealing to Han Chengbei the sight of neat short hair that exuded the innate purity and delicate beauty of a youth. Her clear eyes were so captivating, like pure snowmelt, that one couldn’t look away. 
Ye Xingguang would dress up differently each time she met with customers. She had been an old man, an old woman, and a siren before… there was no pattern to it. 
Last time when she met Han Chengbei, she posed as a punk girl with smoky makeup, but with Ling Han, she was a woman disguised as a man. 
Perhaps she was not in a good mood, she wanted to pretty herself up, so she removed all her makeup. Han Chengbei was entranced. 
“Good lord, how devastatingly beautiful are you? Most people become more attractive with makeup, but you get more beautiful the more you take it off. Please, don’t put on any makeup again!’ 
Ye Xingguang ignored Han Chengbei’s mockery. She was also very good-looking with makeup on, wasn’t that why she was the school’s beauty at University C? 
All she did was to make her big eyes appear smaller, downplay her high nose bridge, alter her sharp chin to a round one, and darken her translucent porcelain skin slightly. It was still the same face after all, wasn’t it? 
“Enough. I’ve arranged to meet someone at the coffee shop at five o’clock. Don’t follow me.’ 
Han Chengbei ed, “Given how handsome you look as this charming young boy, 1 wouldn’t feel at ease letting you meet clients in a coffee shop by yourself. I could be your secretary. With me present, your credibility would be higher. To be honest, when I first met you, I really thought you were a con woman soliciting donations for a research institute.” 
Ye Xingguang gave him a disdainful look: “And yet, didn’t you end up signing the donation contract and purchasing my regret pill in the end?” 
Han Chengbei awkwardly smiled, taking a ‘real men do not dwell on past failures’ stance: “l was at a dead end.’ 
“The customer today is also at a dead end. They’ve already decided on suicide. Once a person is driven to desperation, even the slightest straw of hope can become a lifeline. You should understand this mentality better than I do.” 
Even though he was normally cynical, Han Chengbei’s eyes turned cold for a moment, and he fell silent, because he truly understood. 
Five thirty, coffee shop. 
Ling Han, wearing a large black hat, dark sunglasses and a big black mask, appeared at the entrance of the coffee shop. She checked her private messages on Weibo, then turned to look at a handsome young man sitting by the window. The setting sun cast fragmented rays on his face, creating a hazy aura. 
The youth seemed to be immersed in a book, casually flipping through the pages, blending perfectly with the relaxed and quiet atmosphere of the coffee shop. 
Ling Han opened the door of the coffee shop and only realized that media magnate Han Chengbei was sitting across the young man when she walked up to him. Han Chengbei had done nothing but rest his chin on his palm, staring mesmerised at the youth. 
Ling Han asked hesitantly, “Is it you?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t answer, maintaining her relaxed posture as she read her book. Secretary Han Chengbei glanced at the empty seat beside him and said, 
“Miss Ling, please take a seat.” 
Once Ling Han had taken her seat, Han Chengbei pushed a donation contract and a small pillbox towards her. 
What he said next sounded less credible than even a snake oil salesman: 
“This is the Regret Pill you wanted to purchase. This is the donation contract. We’ve already clarified everything to you through private messaging. If you’re willing to take a chance for a turn in life, then go for it. Trust me, popping this pill can turn your life around in just a minute..”
###Chapter 51: Give me another chance 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ling Han removed her mask, sat down, and stared at the donation contract, “You guys are swindlers, right? Although I’m a celebrity, I’m more of a washed-up one. If you’re looking to fool me for my assets, you’ve got the wrong person; I’m barely getting by.” 
Ye Xingguang lifted his head from his book, smiled, but said nothing. 
Instead, it was Han Chengbei who, crossing his legs and shaking them a bit, said, “Didn’t you recognize me? You think l, of all people, need to trick you, some has-been, for your money?” 
The moment Ling Han arrived, she recognized Han Chengbei, a moghul in the media industry of Country A; his picture often appeared in newspapers and on the Internet. 
Ling Han looked at the small, pink, plain medicine box and opened it. “Is this really the remedy for regret? I must be nuts, even entertaining the thought of believing your nonsense. But when one is desperate, they always try to find some hope.” 
Han Chengbei was somewhat empathetic yet rather impatient. “Life requires the courage to gamble big, Miss Ling. Make up your mind quickly. We’re short on time. If you believe us, sign. If not, get out. We don’t deal with sales pitches to buy the regret-remedy here, understood?” 
Ling Han felt uneasy at his nonchalant attitude. She asked, “What do I do, swallow it directly? Then what?” 
Han Chengbei pointed with his long fingers at the donation contract. “Sign this first, then we will tell you.” 
Ling Han flipped through the contract, read it carefully, and made sure it contained no traps to deceive her. 
Taking the pen jabbed between her tensed fingers, she looked at the young man who was leisurely drinking his coffee from across the room, and then at Han Chengbei who was continuously admiring him. Thinking to herself that she must be out of her mind to even consider believing them once. 
She frowned, laughing hopelessly, even if they are scammers, so what? Her life was already an utter disaster, utterly void of hope. 
Maybe, just maybe, she should take a gamble. 
Even if she lost the bet, it would only add to her pitiful life. But if she were to win the bet… 
Could she really stand a chance to win? 
Ling Han did not know. Leaning forward, she carefully signed her name on the donation contract. Then, she looked again at the pill of regret, like a dying traveler in a desert. She knew very well that it was merely a mirage in front of her, yet she desperately desired to reach it. 
Ye Xingguang finally put down his book, took the contract, and then pushed a cup of warm water toward Ling Han. 
“Swallow it down.” 
Ling Han clenched the pill: “Then what?” 
“Close your eyes now, concentrate, and remember the moment you regret the most…” 
Ling Han was sceptical, but Ye Xingguang seemed indifferent. He glanced at the clock on his phone, “Go now, remember, you only have one hour to change the event you regret the most… as for the outcome… fate is in your hands.” 
Ling Han didn’t immediately follow the instructions. She took out her phone and looked at her Weibo comments again. 
She felt as if she lacked the courage to proceed. 
Surprisingly, upon opening the comments, she saw a netizen who wrote: “I’ve heard people with depression often commit suicide, why haven’t 1 received the news of your death yet Hurry up if you want to die, 1 1 m waiting to post on my moments.” noveldrama
An overwhelming wave of anger surged from her heart. Ling Han clutched the pill, took it with the warm water, and swallowed it straight down. 
She then did as Ye Xingguang had instructed: she shut her eyes, focused her mind, and tried hard to remember that one moment she regretted the most… Oh, God, if you have a shred of mercy, please give me another chance..
###Chapter 52: Be Careful With Your Words, Young Man_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Just as Ling Han was praying fervently, eyes shut tight, Ye Xingguang silently picked the contract up from the table and walked away. 
Han Chengbei followed her to the door, curiosity seeping into his voice, “Blimey, you’re leaving just like that?” 
“Isn’t that obvious?” Ye Xingguang retorted with an air of indifference. 
Han Chengbei tsked and muttered, “Just a money leech. You deceived me the same way last time too, vanishing no sooner were you done? No wonder I opened my eyes to find you gone. The only thing that graced my door was a lawyer with that contract, asking me about donating my assets, three days later.’ 
Ye Xingguang stayed mum, flagging down a taxi at the entrance of the café. 
Keys swinging in hand, Han Chengbei gave her shoulder a poke, “Where are you heading to? How about I treat you to a fancy dinner?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t catch his drift, the sound of consecutive screeching brakes drowned his words. All of a sudden, a Rolls-Royce swung into a stop right in front of them. The energy was breathtaking. 
Instinctively, her gaze lifted to meet the man sitting in the luxurious car, the window halfway down. 
Ye Junqings typically aloof and brooding gaze was fixed on her. His icy stare naturally fell onto Han Chengbei’s arm wrapped around her shoulder. His usually handsome and cold expression suddenly riddled with murderous rage, ready to dice Han Chengbei’s arm into mince at any moment. 
Blissfully oblivious to the imminent danger, Han Chengbei consciously tipped his cap, his jovial remarks made to the man in the car, “Fancy seeing you again so soon, Master Junqing. You look rather pale, like a man cuckolded. 
Who seems to have irked you?” 
“Eager to know?” Ye Junqing fired back before stepping out of his car. 
Han Chengbei nonchalantly continued to hold onto Ye Xingguang and said, 
“Not really. I’m about to cherish my dear to a candlelit dinner…” 
His words were cut off as his arm, draped over Ye Xingguangs shoulder, was abruptly gripped and pulled away. Han Chengbei hadn’t anticipated Ye Junqing would make his move. His arm was twisted, the intense pain causing his sight to darken. 
He howled in pain, “Bloody hell!” 
“Should you dare lay another finger on her, a dislocated shoulder would be the least of your concerns. Make sure your father prepares a coffin,” warned Ye Junqing chillingly, pushing Ye Xingguang into a car soon after. 
Then, with a resounding ‘thud,’ the car door was slammed shut behind her. 
As his vision restored, Han Chengbei found the convoy of cars had already zoomed away, assertively moving onto the highway. 
Caught off guard by the sudden misfortune, Han Chengbei gritted his teeth and spat out, “Ye Junqing, you son of a bitch, this isn’t over!” 
It was only when the cars had sped away did Ye Xingguang realize what had transpired. Turning towards Ye Junqing, her disbelief was evident, “Ye Junqing, have you lost your mind?” 
“Be mindful of your words, young man.” noveldrama
Fu Zhuo, seated in the front, turned back to caution her. 
He, too, was unable to comprehend Why Master Junqing had suddenly spewed vitriol against him, ordered his bodyguards to search for Miss Ye everywhere, meticulously selected a vibrant bouquet of roses from the florist they passed, but did not look for Miss Ye on arriving at the café. Instead, he exhibited hostility towards Young Master Han, only to apprehend this beautiful young boy, and force him into the car. What was going on? 
Could it be that Master Junqing had fallen for this young man? But Master Junqing didn’t have such unique preferences! !!
###Chapter 53: Explosive! Does He Really Like Young Boys?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang furiously said, “He attacked people for no reason, forced me into the car, and yet I’m not allowed to complain? Stop the car! I want to get 
Ye Junqing signaled to the driver with a look. Sensing Ye Junqings warning through the rearview mirror, the driver didn’t dare stop. He ignored Ye Xingguangs demands and drove the car steadily. 
Ye Xingguang repeatedly demanded to alight, but no one stopped the car. She turned her head, glaring at the powerful man beside her, “Ye Junqing, tell them to stop the car. If they don’t, I’ll call the police and report you all for an illegal abduction of a young maiden.” 
“Are you even a girl?” Ye Junqing tilted his head, glancing at her carefully crafted male disguise. 
Ye Xingguang froze. Could it be that Ye Junqing hadn’t recognized her? noveldrama
Then why did he force her into the car unreasonably? 
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt a little lost. She took a deep breath to calm herself down, trying to intimidate Ye Junqing, “Mr. Ye, why did you kidnap me? Don’t think I will succumb because of my appearances. I have no interest in men, especially crass men like you!’ 
Fu Zhuo sharply reprimanded her, “You’ve got quite the nerve, insulting our Master Junqing as being crude! ” 
“Shut up!” Ye Junqing gave Fu Zhuo a cold glance. 
Fu zhuo: t . 
“If you dare to scold her again, you can get lost,” Ye Junqing ordered sternly, looking visibly upset. 
“…Yes, Mr. Junqing.” Fu Zhuo was baffled. Whatever did he say wrong today? 
Could Mr. Junqing actually be attracted to this young boy? 
To Ye Xingguangs astonishment, she considered the same possibility. 
She subconsciously folded her arms and moved away from Ye Junqing, exclaiming, “I’m really not interested in men!” 
Ye Junqing remained silent, his gaze landed on the beautiful roses he had picked out on the passenger seat. He wanted to give them to her and apologize, but now… 
Ye Junqing didn’t regret his loss of temper. If Han Chengbei dares to make another move on her, he wouldn’t be polite again! 
Ye Junqing sulked in silence, not uttering a word. 
His lingering gaze drifted over to her face; the depth in his eyes seemed to contain the entire universe. Just at a look, Ye Xingguang felt like she was about to be overwhelmed. Could the light in this man’s eyes indicate deep affection? 
Shocking! Does he really fancy young boys? 
No wonder he’s committed to bachelorhood; he has unique preferences! 
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt a pang of sympathy for Ye Junqing. Forced to co-habit with her while being gay, no wonder he warned her to keep her distance; she finally understood! 
“Um, stop looking at me like that, it makes me nervous. Where are you taking me? We can talk this out. Remember, strong measures do not always work, a straight man will always remain straight and can’t be swayed!” 
Ye Junqings face twitched at her comments. He ignored her ill-intentioned inferences. Remembering that she enjoyed concerts, he asked Fu Zhuo to check, “Find out who’s performing at the sports stadium today.” 
Very quickly, Fu Zhuo found the answer, “Mr. Junqing, there’s a concert by 
Ling Han, a superstar among singers, about to start in half an hour.” 
Ye Xingguangs eyes lit up, “The superstar Ling Han? Which Ling Han?” 
Although Fu Zhuo didn’t want to entertain the young man who had insulted his Superior Junqing, he still handed his phone to Ye Xingguang. 
Ye Xingguang stared at the photo on the phone.. The dazzling superstar was Ling Han? The one who had tried to buy regret medicine from her at the coffee house? Had she really changed her destiny and turned into a superstar 
overnight?
###Chapter 54: So even this sycophant has his day?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqing sat beside her, noticing her interest: “Want to watch it?” 
Ye Xingguang nodded, then quickly changed her mind. Why would she want to deal with that cancerous presence? 
“Buy two tickets.” Ye Junqing said. 
Fu Zhuo checked the time: “Sir Junqing, it’s less than half an hour to the start, we probably can’t get tickets now. This Ling Han is really popular, her concert tickets must have sold out a month in advance.’ 
The most crucial issue wasn’t that they couldn’t get tickets, but that Sir Junqing actually wanted to accompany a teenager to a concert. This was shockingly out of character for him! 
Ye Junqing dismissed Fu Zhuo’s words, tossing out a sentence: “If you can’t get them, don’t bother showing your face around me!” 
Fu zhuo: “ . 
Seeing Fu Zhuo’s deflated expression, Ye Xingguang suddenly felt relieved. Who knew this bootlicker would have his comeuppance? 
After some thought, she spoke haughtily: “l want to sit in the front row, the best VIP seats up front, all other seats, I’m not interested!” 
Ye Junqing: “Did you hear that?” 
Fu Zhuo: 
Seething but unable to retaliate: “Understood.” 
Then he slyly shot a glare at Ye Xingguang through the rearview mirror. 
Ye Xingguang, sensitive to the glare, cried out, “He glared at me, I want to get out of the car!” 
“Fu Zhuo.” The tone was dangerous. 
Fu Zhuo instantly turned his face back, full of respect and sincerity: “Sir 
Junqing, 1 absolutely hadn’t.” 
“He must be cursing me in his heart, I can read minds!” Ye Xingguang said indignantly. 
“Apologize to her.” 
Fu Zhuo felt his world crumbling: “Sir Junqing, I really didn’t.” 
“Apologize.” 
Fu Zhuo: 
Fu Zhuo took a deep breath, suppressing the urge to scream at the ridiculous teenager, and reluctantly said: “I’m sorry, I was wrong, please forgive me, I promise to get you the best front row, VIP seats.” 
Ye Xingguang relieved her frustration, tossing out two words dismissively: “No need.’ 
Fu Zhuo silently chanted in his mind: I will endure, I will endure, Sir Junqing is just seizing the moment, when this passes, watch how I will deal with you… 
Arena. 
Ling Han’s concert, it hasn’t even started, and it’s already packed with fans. 
Ye Xingguang was sitting in the front row VIP seats, watching the crowds behind, with numerous glow sticks forming words: Han Han, we love you… 
The same words echoed over and over throughout the arena… 
This was real popularity, it was overwhelming. 
Who would have thought that an almost bankrupt third-rate star like her, after taking a regret pill, not only averted her fate but made an incredible comeback? 
How wealthy must Ling Han be now? 
Ye Xingguang pinched the donation contract in her bag, she had struck again! 
She loved people like Ling Han who could seize opportunities and change their fate, and allow her to profit greatly in the process! 
After all, not everyone had this kind of good luck. She had met people who had taken the regret pill, yet instead of making a comeback, their lives turned from bad to worse, making her lose money along the way, completely pointless. noveldrama
Backstage at the concert, Ling Han had ushered out all the staff and sat alone in the dressing room, staring at her reflection in the mirror for almost half an hour, still unable to believe that all of this was real. 
She clearly remembered sitting in a coffee shop, buying an implausible regret pill, then swallowing it down. 
Following the pretty teenager’s instructions, she concentrated, trying to recall the moment she most regretted… 
Then she felt as if she had a dream. 
In the dream, she really did return to that moment. She seized the opportunity, refusing to sign with the Giant Star agency, and then frantically fled from the Giant Star agency….
###Chapter 55: – Hanhan, Fighting! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
She didn’t dare look back, running wildly away from the skyscraper that housed Star Talent Agency, wandering aimlessly through the bustling streets. 
She swore she would never enter the entertainment industry again, crouching at the entrance of a shopping mall, sobbing uncontrollably. 
A street musician playing a guitar asked her what was wrong; he saw her crying so bitterly. She didn’t answer. Instead, she just looked at the microphone standing in front of him. She had too many emotions she wanted to vent and started singing, pouring out all her feelings. 
Lost in her heartfelt performing, she drew a large crowd. 
She forgot how many songs she had sung. When she finally stopped, wiped her tears away, and was about to leave, the street musician stopped her. 
The street musician handed her a card and asked if she would be interested in going to a recording company. It turns out that he was a retired veteran in the music industry and played guitar on the street just for fun. 
The street musician told her she had a natural gift for music and hoped she wouldn’t bury her own voice. noveldrama
Having decided never to set foot in the entertainment industry again, how could she jump out of one pit of fire, only to immediately enter another? 
Perhaps the street musician truly admired her. He said that she could start by trying out for the record company without signing a contract. 
After much hesitation, she was eventually persuaded by the street musician. Just as she received the card, she woke up. 
Upon awakening, she thought she was still in the café. But when she looked around, there were many people bustling around her in the dressing room, and a concert was about to start. 
Even weirder, her head was filled with new memories — so real, while all those painful experiences seemed just like a dream, becoming more and more faint… 
At this moment, the door to the dressing room opened, and a stylish man walked in. 
“Ling Han, what’s the matter with you? Are you nervous before the show? Hurry up, it’s almost time. Don’t mess up now.” 
Ling Han looked at the man, and after what felt like an eternity, she said, “You’re my agent, Fan Fan?” 
Fan Yuwen put his hand to Ling Han’s forehead, checking for a fever. 
Fan Yuwen put his hands on his hips: “If I’m not your agent, then who am l? 
I’ve spent three years grooming you and now I’m finally hosting your first concert. Don’t mess it up for me. Oh, my ancestors, hurry on stage.” 
He had been grooming her for three years? 
New memories told her that, years ago, she had left Star Talent Agency in a frenzy, only to meet a kindred spirit in her life — that street musician. Later she joined the record company, and Fan Yuwen became her assigned agent. 
She never officially signed with the company. She was very headstrong and cautious, yet the company was still willing to invest heavily in promoting her. Her released singles became widely popular, and today was her first concert. 
Critics say her voice is powerful, full of depth, as though a new sound has drifted up from hell, resonating with people struggling under societal pressures. 
Critics say a young person like her shouldn’t have such a deep understanding of life’s phoenix-rising-from-the-ashes moments, but there’s an undeniable charm in her voice. 
Fan Yuwen pushed Ling Han, lost in her thoughts, onto the stage, encouraging her, “Stop daydreaming, Ling Han, Fighting! Let your voice conquer the world!”
###Chapter 56: The Vinegar Jar is About to Spill 
Over 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Seeing Ling Han appear on stage in a stunning way, Ye Xingguangs spirit was lifted. Just like everyone else, she held her glow stick high and listened to Ling Han’s soulful singing. The fans might not understand the confusion and surprise in the song, but she felt it deeply. 
The song voices disbelief that this was real… 
Yet, the song also expresses hope that it was real… 
The song is filled with tears of joy for escaping the devil… 
And the song subtly reveals a fear of the ephemeral… 
Ye Xingguang almost wanted to cheer out for Ling Han, wishing she could shout, “Don’t be afraid! All of this is real! You have changed your destiny; you no longer have to fear the talent agency forcing you into things you don’t want to do, you no longer have to be depressed to the point of contemplating 
suicide.” 
From this moment forth, embrace your new life! 
l, this young lady, didn’t just talk the talk about selling regret pills! 
It’s him! 
The handsome youngster who sold her the regret pills! 
Ling Han, standing on stage, unexpectedly spotted Ye Xingguang in the VIP area of the first row. 
His gaze landed on Ye Xingguang, blazing with intensity. As the song came to a close, standing on the stage with tears welling up in her eyes, she looked at the handsome boy who had transformed her fate and said, “This next song is dedicated to someone in the audience.’ 
The entire audience was buzzing, eager to know who Ling Han was dedicating the next song to. 
His emotions in turmoil, Ling Han said, “It was him who gave me hope when I was most desperate. It was him who pulled me out of the mire and brought me to where I am now. Even now, I don’t know if this is all a dream. If it is, I 
still want to thank him for giving me such a beautiful dream, one I will treasure forever.’ 
Cheers and applause… 
The entire venue started cheering louder and louder, converging into a unanimous chant, “Who is it? Who is it?” 
With a swipe at the corner of his eyes, Ling Han said, “I will never forget what you once told me. You said you are my hope in this world. It was these words that made me who I am today. Thank you, and I hope you’ll like this song.” 
Cheers and applause… 
Was this a confession? 
The audience was buzzing, looking left and right, wondering which godlike man it could be. Could he please stand up to satisfy everyone’s curiosity? noveldrama
Ling Han didn’t say any more. The music that had faded returned, softly playing again. She started strolling across the stage, riding the rhythm of the music, singing softly… 
“Hand me the flowers.” Ye Xingguang asked Ye Junqing, who was sitting beside her, to pass over a bunch of roses. 
Ye Junqing had been enduring the noise of the concert, unsure how to hand over the roses he had been keeping. Hearing her request, his lazy brow raised. But before he could even form his words, Ye Xingguang had already snatched the roses from him and headed straight for the stage. 
Ye Junqing: . 
The elegant youth ran to the stage with a bunch of roses to offer to Ling Han. When he accepted the roses, he impulsively hugged the young man, causing a deafening wave of screams from the crowd below. 
Sitting in the audience, Ye Junqings face underwent an instant transformation! 
“Keep going, this isn’t a dream. Grasp onto what you have now.” Ye Xingguang whispered into Ling Han’s ear. 
Not knowing if Ling Han heard her, after a brief hug, she swiftly returned to her seat, grabbed the bubble tea that Ye Junqing had been holding for her, took a happy sip or two, and then continued waving her glow stick enthusiastically, not caring about how sour the face of Ye Junqing was. 
Instead, there was a sense of relief in her heart. At last, the hot potato, the roses, had been dealt with.. Imagine how awkward it would’ve been if he had given the flowers to her instead?
###Chapter 57: There is another picture on her Weibo 
Translator: 549690339 
She is now fully convinced, Ye Junqing is an authentic gay man! noveldrama
On the way to the concert, someone as honorable as him actually humbled himself to personally buy her favorite pizza and milk tea, just for her. 
Now, the man who clearly had no interest in the concert had half-eaten pizza still on his lap. 
Ye Xingguang glanced at the man next to her from the corner of her eye, his elbow on his knee in a solitary manner, a stark contrast to the vibrant concert scene, looking at her with keen interest, not even glancing at Ling Han onstage. 
Seeing her take a sip of milk tea and stop talking, he wrapped another small slice of pizza in parchment paper and offered it up to her lips. 
Such indulgence! 
Turns out, this man is not incapable of affection, it’s just that his affection is not intended for her, whom the nation has forcefully paired him with. 
Thinking about this, Ye Xingguang felt a sense of disillusionment. After taking a bite of the pizza the man handed her, she pushed it away defiantly, “I’m not eating anymore. ” “Full already?” 
Ye Xingguang pretended not to hear, and pulled out her phone to take photos of Ling Han on stage. 
Ye Junqing tidied his eyebrows, originally planning to throw away the pizza she bit into. However, he unintentionally glanced at the words on the pizza box: “A kind of happiness, is sharing a pizza with you.” 
Ye Junqing looked at it for a while, then unexpectedly took a bite of the remaining pizza. He didn’t particularly enjoy such sweet and sticky food, but at this moment he couldn’t bear to throw it away. 
Even now, Ye Junqing thought that Fu Zhuo was joking with him. How could this little mermaid possibly sneak a photo of him? 
The most depressing part was that he had no way of finding out, all the photos were bizarrely deleted. Damn it, Fu Zhuo! 
Seeing the little mermaid lift her phone to take pictures of the stage, Ye Junqing changed to a more elegant pose, clearing his throat a little to attract her attention. 
However, despite his several attempts to cough, Ye Xingguang didn’t fall for his elegant demeanor, instead moving further away, looking wary, “Do you have a cold? Then please stay away from me, don’t spread it to me.” 
The arrogant man: . 
With controlled frustration, Ye Junqing took a deep breath and continued to eat the pizza in his hand, biting into it with a crunch. 
“Uh…” Ye Xingguang looked at the pizza in his mouth, her lips tightly sealed, as if she wanted to say something but stopped. 
Upon hearing her, Ye Junqing changed his sitting position again, his face calm, noble and arrogant, waiting for her next words. 
But Ye Xingguang didn’t say anything, just thought in her heart: That pizza, I’ve already eaten it, it might still have my saliva on it, this gay guy actually wants to have an indirect kiss with me? 
Huh… 
That’s way too perverted! 
With goosebumps popping on the back of her hand, Ye Xingguang hastily got up and said, “Hold my milk tea for me, I’m going to the restroom.” 
Saying she was going to the restroom was just an excuse to slip away. 
This malignant tumor of a man was extremely twisted, who knows if after the concert he might try to take her home and lock her up, and do whatever he pleased. What wouldn’t a powerful man like that do? 
Wasn’t Ling Han bullied by such big shots to the point of wanting to commit suicide? 
Preserving her life was more vital, time to run! 
By the time Ye Junqing realized, she was already nowhere to be found. 
On the way back, Fu Zhuo looked at Ye Junqings defeated expression in the rearview mirror, and finding it frustrating that Ye was still infatuated with the boy. He wanted to curse. 
Fearing that Ye would never return from his gay path, Fu Zhuo contemplated the whole night and braced himself to say: “Boss Ye, for a thankless boy like him, why bother? I just realized, Miss Ye might have deleted all her photos, but there is still one on her Weibo..
###Chapter 58: What On Earth is Unlce (ing Thinking?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
“Hmm?” Ye Junqing, who was in a bad mood, opened his eyes lazily. 
Fu Zhuo quickly clicked on the page of the Carp Girl’s Weibo, and respectfully handed over his phone. 
Ye Junqing took the phone, his gaze fixed on the photo. 
No matter how he looked at the photo, it was pleasing to his eye. Only now did he believe that Little Mermaid Tail had actually secretly taken a photo of him. The skill she used to take the photo was so good, it was a pity there was only one. He hadn’t seen the others, perhaps they were even better… 
With this thought in mind, Ye Junqing could not help but become irritated. His cold eyes glared at Fu Zhuo. 
Fu Zhuo shivered and wondered if the look that Ye Junqing gave him signified that he wanted to grind him to dust. 
Fu Zhuo was full of questions: ? 
Ye Junqing didn’t look at Fu Zhuo again. His profound peach blossom eyes stared unblinkingly at the photo, and at some point a warmth had filled his expression. 
Fu Zhuo almost thought he was seeing things. He rubbed his eyes vigorously and racked his brain, but he could not understand what Ye Junqing was thinking. 
This was too hard to guess! noveldrama
Was it possible that today, Ye Junqing had mistaken the photo taken by Miss Night as one of Young Master Han, and that’s why he asked Fu Zhuo to supervise Miss Night in deleting the photo? 
But later he found out that the photo was of him and all the photos were deleted, so he regretted it? 
Impossible! Ye Junqing did not care about Miss Night! 
At this moment, Ye Xingguang had already changed back into her girl’s outfit and boarded a taxi. 
She leaned her head against the window and thinking about how she met her big brother at the swimming pool made her feel a sourness in her nose. 
Even though she had given up on the Xia’s family long ago, seeing her once cherished big brother no longer recognize her, her heart still ached… 
Ye Xingguang, sniffed vigorously. Her big brother must’ve assumed she had long been dead. Now he was only Xia Yanyan’s big brother and only had laughter and words for Xia Yanyan! 
Ye Xingguang tried to force herself not to think about it, pulling out her phone to distract herself. Her phone was full of notifications from Weibo. She clicked on it and looked at the photo she had posted earlier, frowning. 
This rotten gay guy, went out to watch concerts with handsome young boys behind her back, accepting all their rejections with a smile. She took a few photos and he embarrassed her in front of Xia Yanyan, completely destroying her face and dignity. Absolutely detestable! 
Bitterness filled Ye Xingguangs heart, and she decisively hit the delete button, deleting the Weibo post. One should have some backbone. If she didn’t delete it now, what would she do when the rotten gay guy went back and gloomily told Fu Zhuo to supervise her deleting it? 
After handing the phone back to Fu Zhuo, Ye Junqing took out his own phone, searched for the Carp Girl, and wanted to save that photo. However, after refreshing, the Weibo post had disappeared. 
Ye Junqing thought the signal was bad, so he refreshed the page again, but the photo was still not there. 
Even after refreshing a third time, fourth time, fifth time…His face grew worse with each refresh! 
“Give me your phone.” 
Fu Zhuo was confused and before he could ask, Ye Junqing disdainfully threw his phone aside, declaring, “It’s broken.” 
Fu Zhuo acknowledged it and quickly handed over his own phone again. However, Ye Junqing’s face did not get any better, instead, it grew blacker, “Your phone is also broken.” 
“Impossible, my phone is new.” 
Fu Zhuo’s comment did not help, and only made Ye Junqings face even more unpleasant. If it wasn’t the phones, that left only one possibility. 
Ye Junqing frowned, “l was just a few seconds off.” 
Fu Zhuo did not understand the significance of the frustration in Ye Junqings voice. 
“Ye Junqing, what do you mean you were ‘a few seconds’ off?” 
Ye Junqing had no desire to interact with the culprit.. He coldly exhaled, his mind set on returning home, “Increase the speed, let’s go home!”
###Chapter 59: Why Do You Want to Steal Mine? 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang returned home, only to bump into Ye Junqing stepping out of his luxurious and overbearing Rolls-Royce. Remembering the man’s admonition to avoid him whenever she saw him, Ye Xingguang quickened her steps and entered the house. 
Just as Ye Junqing was about to call out to her, Ye Xingguang had already scampered up the stairs like a small rocket, fearing that if she was a step slower, Ye Junqing would blow up at her again. Ye Junqing: 
What was this girl running away from him for? 
Ye Xingguang retreated to her room and did not come out again. After taking a bath, drying her hair, moisturizing her body, and applying a facial mask, she turned off the light and covered herself with the quilt, hoping to have a sweet dream after falling asleep. 
But at midnight, she was woken by hunger. 
She stealthily sneaked into the kitchen, checked the fridge but found no noodles, dumplings or anything to fill her stomach. The fridge was full of high-grade ingredients. Even though she wasn’t a pampered heiress from an ultra-rich family, she had been spoiled by her adoptive parents and never learned to cook. Making instant noodles was the height of her culinary skills. What was she supposed to do now? noveldrama
After some searching, Ye Xingguang thought frying a steak would be the easiest. She just needed to flip it a couple of times in a pan until it was done. So, she got one, rolled up her sleeves, and tried to tap into her hidden cooking potential. 
She was full of confidence, clutching the steak and firing up the stove, but in the end, she managed to fill the kitchen with a burnt smell. 
Feeling frustrated, Ye Xingguang discarded the first ruined steak, and started frying the second one. This time she learned her lesson and watched the steak carefully, unaware of the tall and lean shadow appearing at the kitchen doorway. 
“What are you doing?” A low voice with a nasal tone sounded behind her, startling Ye Xingguang. 
Looking back, Ye Junqing was leaning against the kitchen door, wearing a black bathrobe, loosely tied, revealing his sexy abs. Illuminated by the warm night light, he looked unbearably tempting to the eyes. 
Ye Xingguang forced her eyes away and ignored Ye Junqing. 
“Hungry? Should I have the servants make something for you?” 
“The servants are in their quarters 500 meters away. Who’s going to get up this late to cook for me?” 
They all knew she wasn’t the favored mistress of the house. Who would want to risk their job to cook for her at this late hour? 
Seeing that the steak in the pan was properly fried, Ye Xingguang turned off the heat, sprinkled some black pepper on the steak, put it on a plate, and prepared to bypass the human obstacle at the kitchen door to enjoy her culinary masterpiece in the dining room. 
Ye Junqing glanced at her creation and frowned: “Can that thing be eaten?” “Why can’t it be eaten? I’m excellent at cooking, extremely excellent! ” 
Before Ye Xingguang had finished speaking, the man had taken the plate from her hands. 
“Hey, what are you doing?” 
“I’m hungry too.” 
After saying that, Ye Junqing took her fried steak to the dining room. 
He knew very well how much talent she possessed in cooking. He would rather starve than risk poisoning himself. 
“If you’re hungry, you should cook your own! Why did you have to steal mine?” Ye Xingguang chased him to the dining room, seriously displeased with this food theft. 
Ye Junqing, with his intimidating aura, pulled out a chair in the dining room, sat down, glanced at her and said, “Isn’t everything in this household mine? I’m eating my own food, and you dare to ?” 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!” 
Ye Xingguang made a furious face, but Ye Junqing remained as cold and aloof as ever. Right in front of her, he sliced the steak she’d fried into thin pieces, and slowly savored each bite with his sexy, thin lips. 
Ye Xingguang swallowed hard: “Is it good?”
###Chapter 60: See, Ye Junqing is cooking steak for me 1 
Translator: 549690339 
If it tastes good, she will fry another one. 
Ye Junqing frowned, “It’s extraordinarily awful. I have never had a steak this bad. Don’t ruin beef again.” 
Ye Xingguang was fuming. This jerk had stolen her steak, gobbled it up, and yet couldn’t stop himself from criticising. Despite finding it inedible, he ate with great relish. Ye Xingguang made an instant grab at the food. If it’s awful she would eat it herself. 
But her hand hadn’t even touched the plate before the man swatted it away. 
Ye Junqing glanced at her, his eyes full of caution, “Don’t grab, or you’ll have nothing to eat tonight.” 
With her hands on her hips, Ye Xingguang retorted, “Do I have anything to eat 
In the meantime, Ye Junqing had swallowed the entire plate of unbearable steak, stood up, and asked, “Do you have your phone?” 
Striding into the kitchen with great confidence, Ye Junqing said, “Next time the Civil Affairs Bureau will pay a visit. As defined in the ‘Official Marriage Life Regulation’, I need to cook a meal for you. Record it on your phone to serve as proof, lest you fail to provide evidence again.” 
Ye Xingguang was half-doubtful. “Is there such a regulation?” 
With a cool face, Ye Junqing fibbed, “Haven’t you read the ‘Official Marriage Life Regulation?” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Who would bother to read every page of such a thick book? 
However, Ye Xingguang was intrigued, “You can cook?” 
Ye Junqing ignored her, threw a single word over his shoulder: “Record.” 
He added, “Make sure to film my face.” 
Then, he took a steak from the fridge along with a bottle of high-qualitv red 
wine. He stood tall and elegant at the kitchen counter, adding freshly ground black pepper to both sides of the steak, cut some garlic, poured some wine, and began to season the steak. 
Ye Xingguang stood aside, recording with her phone, biting her lower lip. Does steak need to be marinated? 
“l didn’t expect you could cook,” she said. His technique appeared much more professional than hers. 
The steak needed thirty minutes to marinate. During this time, Ye Junqing found some beef bones in the fridge, made a base with red wine and spices to brew red wine sauce. The sauce was the essence of the steak. This girl knew nothing, thinking that frying the steak in the pan was all it took? 
That’s barbecue! 
He himself didn’t know how to cook steak once, but for a time, Fish Tail was fond of steak made by a top chef. But when the master chef fell ill and couldn’t cook, he learned from the chef. After practicing for a while, the taste of the steak he cooked was exactly the same as that of the master. 
At least, Fish Tail ate it numerous times without noticing that it was his cooking, always assuming that it was the chefs work. 
It wasn’t until later that she learned it was his work from someone else, she never deigned to taste it again. noveldrama
Remembering this, Ye Junqings heart ached involuntarily, a trace of melancholy crossed his handsome face, cursing himself for being so easily pleased, blooming like a flower at the mere sight of her photographs. 
When he calmed down and thought about it, they were just a few pictures, what could they represent? She used to despise him, how could he naively hope to see love in a few photos? 
“Did you see it? Ye Junqing is cooking steak for me. Who dares to claim I staged it? How’s your face feeling?” 
Ye Xingguang held her phone, recording him. She didn’t record her own face, but she stretched out one hand and made an iconic gesture. 
If she didn’t take this chance, provided by this toxic man who asked her to record as per the Civil Affairs regulations, to slap the media and make Xia Yanyan, who sneered at her in secret, see her power, and to restore her dignity and face, she wouldn’t be Ye Xingguang!
###Chapter 61: Damn, isn’t this woman doing it on purpose? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Hearing her boasting words, Ye Junqing, who was washing cherry tomatoes, immediately brought one to her mouth: “Try it. 
“Ye Junqing is now feeding me cherry tomatoes. This is just my lifestyle in the official match’s household. Only you can’t think of it, but there’s nothing I can’t enjoy. Yum, Ah Qing, feed me another bite, ah…” 
Ye Xingguang took this opportunity to leave a sarcastic remark in the video recording, full of pretense. 
He angrily stuffed a small tomato into Ye Xingguangs mouth. noveldrama
But damn, was this woman doing it on purpose? 
Taking a deep breath, Ye Junqing set aside the prepared red wine sauce. He then placed the marinated steak onto the frying pan, accompanied by a sizzling sound that gave a homely sensation. 
“Now, Ah Qing begins to fry steak for me at home. Such amazing skill, he’s the ideal homebody. Anyone else?” 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes while adding praises for Ye Junqing, acting quite professionally. She would absolutely not let everyone laugh at her being abused in the official match’s household, suffering all kinds of grievances. When there’s a chance to uplift her image, she wouldn’t miss it. 
Plus, even her parents are following her Weibo now, she can’t make them worry about her all the way on a remote island. 
While holding her phone and recording Ye Junqing cooking steak, the man in the video is handsome and charming. He looked exactly like a male lead from a drama cooking steak, extremely attractive. If she wasn’t sure that he was gay, she might not be able to help falling for him… 
Well, no wonder why the government has to assign a match. If all the handsome guys are gay, where can they find a partner? 
If Ye Junqing knew her actual thoughts, he might not hold the cold face throughout for fear getting embarrassed. He might instead directly strangle her! 
Romantic moments in the kitchen always go quickly, with the sizzling steak now sitting on the dining table. 
Ye Junqing poured red wine sauce on the steak and added a sprig of thyme. And there it was, a masterpiece. 
“Eat. 
Ye Xingguang sat in front of the dining table, her voice brimming with delight, “This is the first steak Ah Qing has made for me. I wonder how it tastes. It looks appetizing already! I am going to dig in now. Thanks, my dear.” Upon hearing the words ‘my dear’. 
The tall and proud man standing in front of the dining table lowered his head, looking at the lively girl. His eyes were filled with indescribable tenderness, like strands of moonlight about to fall on her. 
However, in the next moment, the girl who finished her show cut off the video and immediately assumed an aloof demeanor. She spoke as she ate, “Did I overdo it just now? Well, even if I did, don’t blame me. I am just trying to maintain your good image so that your brother wouldn’t be influenced and lose public support during the election. You have no idea how some of the media are slandering you, really such a burden. Um…why are you staring at me? Surely…you’re not still in character? I have turned off the video already, come to your senses..”
###Chapter 62: Who Do You Like?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Having said that, Ye Xingguang snapped her fingers, worried that she might not be able to rouse herself. To her, the way this man looked at her was like a black hole of love. If her self-control was even slightly off, she would instantly fall in, undoubtedly shattering into pieces. 
Unexpectedly, when it came to showmanship, his acting skills were even more exquisite than hers. 
If she were to describe herself as a small-time actress just moments ago, then Ye Junqing was definitely a superstar actor. She almost mistakenly thought he was deeply in love with her. 
But thinking back to the hurtful words Fu Zhuo said earlier in the day, Ye Xingguang quickly cleared her head. Her strong sense of self-esteem came forth, “Don’t worry, I won’t have any romantic thoughts about you. Actually, I like someone else. I’m with you only because 1 have no other choice.” 
The man, who seemed unable to control his emotions just a moment ago, lost all warmth from his face upon hearing her words. 
“Who do you like?” 
Ye Xingguang remained silent. Her words were nothing more than an excuse to protect her pride. 
Seeing her bury her head in her steak without saying a word, Ye Junqing asked coldly, “Can’t forget your ex-boyfriend?” 
“How could l? Why would I want to hang myself from a crooked tree stump?” 
Even if she did harbor some residual feelings, she would strangle them in the cradle. The man who dumped her was not worth remembering, let alone longing for. 
Ye Junqings face relaxed slightly, “So, who is it? Han Chengbei?” 
Recalling that Ye Junqing almost broke Han Chengbei’s hand earlier today over a pretty young man, Ye Xingguang shook her head again. 
“He’s no one you know. Anyway, I’ll go along with you and play the role of your lawful wife for a year. But you need to cooperate too. Doing something like recording a video tonight is good. Otherwise, I really don’t know how I can help you without affecting your brother’s election.” 
“Are you done talking?” 
Ye Junqing wasn’t pleased with a single word of what she said. He preferred her when she was being overdramatic. 
Ye Junqing felt a sense of frustration stuck in his chest, his eyes wishing they could see through her. “If you don’t feel anything for me, why did you come to the villa to keep me company last night, and why did you sneakily take pictures of me at the swimming pool today?” 
Ye Xingguang hesitated in her steak-eating action. Why did this man have to ask embarrassing questions? 
She could explain away her forgetting to act conscientious last night, but taking his pictures today… noveldrama
Could she just tell him it was because he was handsome, and she had a soft spot for good-looking people? 
Ye Xingguang took a deep breath, attempting to look calm, and raised her head to answer, “Isn’t it to collect more evidence? So people won’t find any faults during our public relationship? I originally wanted to post some pictures on Weibo, to let the netizens see that we get along very well. But you fiercely demanded that I delete them. It’s only a few pictures. Was there really a need for such a fuss? If it weren’t for your interview last night, where you told Teacher Chang the possibility of falling in love over time was non-existent, damaging your image, would I have had to wrack my brains to think about how to restore it for you? You really don’t appreciate my good intentions.” 
Having said that, Ye Xingguang picked up a piece of steak with her fork and bit into it aggressively, getting more and more irritated. 
No sooner had she finished speaking, the man suddenly bent down, grabbing her chin, “Since you don’t want others to find any faults during our public relationship, then tell the person you like to get lost from your heart, you are not allowed to think about him!” 
“Why?” Was he jealous? 
Ye Junqings face was as dark as water, his voice icy and intimidating, “Don’t forget that during our public relationship, you are my woman. No one else can like you, nor can you like anyone else.. Otherwise, I will sue you for emotional infidelity, and you will rot in jail! Did you hear me clearly?”
###Chapter 63: If A Woman Is Not Ruthless, Her Status Will Not Be Stable 1 
Translator: 549690339 
“And yet you outrightly…” 
Ye Xingguang wanted to say, yet you outrightly go behind my back to attend a concert with a beautiful boy! 
But saying it out loud might expose that the beautiful boy is her, so Ye Xingguang timely shut her mouth, only showing her discontent through her facial expression. 
“What exactly did I do outrightly?” Lord Ye didn’t like it when she only spoke half-sentences, leaving him in confusion. 
Ye Xingguang retorted, “You want me to not cheat emotionally, shouldn’t you also restrain your dopamine and phenylethylamine? Don’t forbid people from lighting lamps while setting the fires yourself.” 
“When have I not restrained my dopamine and phenylethylamine?” Besides just now when she called him “Ah Qing”, he lost control. At what other time did he ever get excited? noveldrama
Not admitting to it, Ye Xingguang fired back: 
“Don’t pretend I don’t know, you are flirting around! There’s a saying ‘what you don’t do, others can’t know’, Lord Ye, you better remember this. During our official relationship, you are my man. No one else is allowed to like you, otherwise, I will take you to court for physical and emotional infidelity, and make sure you rot in jail. Let’s wait and see. Hmph!” 
Who can’t threaten? 
Her mother said, “A woman has got to be coldblooded to stand her ground. If a man is mean to her, she should never back down. The moment she does, she’ll be stepped on her entire life!” 
Ye Xingguang pushed off Lord Ye’s arm that was holding her chin. She was unsure whether Xia Yanyan appearing at the swimming pool with him in the afternoon, and at the hotel entrance last night, were mere coincidences or if they are secretly dating? 
This man enjoys both men and women! 
Ye Xingguang, deeply displeased, pushes Lord Ye aside. Carrying her unfinished steak, she stomped upstairs. 
Lord Ye was left standing, reflecting on her words for a long time. 
What did she say just now in her brazen display? 
She said, “You are my man, Ye Xingguang. No one else is allowed to like you.” 
Even though she’s an unruly girl talking out of place, Lord Ye, who was just yelled at, surprisingly didn’t get angry. Instead, he wished he could put this sentence on repeat in his mind. 
Damn it, he recorded all this time but missed this sentence! 
Has someone recently tried to tie him up and create scandalous rumors about him? 
Lord Ye’s face quickly darkened as he made a midnight call to wake Fu Zhuo, who didn’t dare to complain. 
His mind still groggy from sleep, he heard Lord Ye asking who was trying to create scandalous rumors about him. Without thinking, Fu Zhuo blurted out one answer: “Miss Ye addressed you as ‘Ah Qing’.” 
“Investigate who else it could be!” How dare they try to tie him up! 
“Also, compose a list of all the men who’ve been in contact with Xingguang!’ Whoever dares to move into his woman’s heart is asking for death! 
The next day. 
Before Ye Xingguang had even woken up, the news about her flooded the internet. The headlines of major websites read: #Koi Girl Deletes Weibo Post at Midnight# 
Assistant Ye Li was raging as she watched Xia Yanyan manicure her nails in the nanny car early in the morning, saying, “Sister Xia, that Koi Girl is really a troublemaker. She shouldn’t have posted that Weibo status in the first place. Now she has deleted it, causing everyone on the internet to speculate that she was disciplined by Lord Ye. Look at what dark rumors they are spreading about Lord Ye.” 
“Well, it’s not exactly slandering. Lord Ye, truly, did not allow that nobody to snap his photos randomly. I witnessed it myself just yesterday. However, Lord Ye was often reproached, which can’t go on like this.” 
Xia Yanyan pauses briefly before suggesting, “Let’s do this. You find someone to disseminate some public relations articles, hinting that Lord Ye is interested in me, we are about to announce our engagement soon. The Civil Affairs Bureau happened to mistake Lord Ye for being single. Now that an unknown boy has come into the picture, the lovebirds are forced to separate, of course Lord Ye would be hesitant..
###Chapter 64: He….Gave me a video clip_1. 
Translator: 549690339 
Upon hearing this, Ye Li immediately contacted the maid who was fired by the Ye’s Family for insider information. Now, the maid of the Ye’s Family has become the focus of media attention. 
After contacting her, Ye Li couldn’t help but flatter, “Ms. Xia, you are still the smartest. You are the national goddess. If people know that the Koi Girl stole your fiancé, they will definitely not sympathize with her. Instead, they will scold her as a homewrecker. In this way, we can not only save Mr. Ye’s image, but also let the public know that she is the third party between you and Mr. 
Xia Yanyan just smiled and didn’t say anything. 
TV station. 
Once Ye Xingguang started working and opened up her computer, she saw a heated discussion all across the country about why Koi Girl deleted her Weibo posts at midnight. 
It was really annoying. What was the reason? Wasn’t it just because she was feeling humiliated and wanted to pick up her dignity? 
Unfortunately, this caused Ye Junqing to be slandered, which was not her intention at all. 
She carefully looked at the news sources. The media that was slandering Ye Junqing were all supporters of the presidential candidate Lawson Perry. They were the same media that propagated her being abused at home and leading a miserable life every day online. 
Lawson Perry was also one of the hot presidential candidates this year. In terms of public support, he was slightly lower than Ye Shiting. 
They were using her, an unknown little pawn, to tarnish Ye Junqings reputation, and then to hit Ye Shiting, their competitor. They were truly ruthless! 
Should she do something about it? She didn’t want to be used as a pawn! 
Just as she was thinking, her department director called for a meeting. 
In the conference room, the director of the department was also worried about this matter. The superior leader ordered them to come up with practical solutions for the media department to resist the defamation of Ye Junqings image by other media. noveldrama
“Xingguang, yesterday you were asked to interview Ye Junqing, why hasn’t your interview video been submitted yet?” 
The director, scolded by the leaders, vented his anger on a trainee reporter who had just started working a few days ago. 
Suddenly called out, Ye Xingguang was taken aback. 
Just as she was thinking about whether to submit the video she shot last night, she heard the sound of the photographer reporter coming to her rescue. 
“Director, Ye Junqing didn’t accept the interview yesterday. 1 waited at the door of the Meidi swimming pool for an hour but had to return empty-handed in the end. Although Xingguang was able to get in, she was also snubbed and came out with red eyes.” 
Rebecca Perry sat next to them, hearing that Ye Xingguang came out with red eyes, she felt a sense of satisfaction in her heart. 
When the station asked Ye Xingguang to interview Ye Junqing yesterday, Rebecca Perry felt unbalanced. As interns, how come Ye Xingguang got such a good interview task while she could only follow her senior to interview bottom-feeders? 
Now it served her right! She finally got what she deserved, right? 
“It’s not Xingguangs fault. Everyone knows what kind of person Ye Junqing is. Even a veteran reporter like Qin Hua can’t get any advantages in front of him, let alone Xingguang, who has no experience at all?” 
“Yes, last year 1 went to interview Ye Junqing according to the instructions from the station. I ended up waiting in the Ye l s Mansion for a full three hours, and in the end, his secretary told me that Ye Junqing had no time. We from KOCO are under the Ye’s media group and we are not looking after us at all…” 
“Director, handing such an important task to an intern is indeed inappropriate. It’s normal for Xingguang to fail in the interview. If she had succeeded, it would be as rare as the sun rising in the west!” 
Senior colleagues sitting around the conference table, knowing that Ye Xingguang could not possibly have this capability, all spoke up one after another to justify for her, but unexpectedly, Ye Xingguang slowly raised her hand, “Actually, yesterday, although Ye Junqing didn’t accept my interview, 
he… gave me a video..”
###Chapter 65: Am I The Carp Girl? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
After speaking, she unlocked her phone, clicked the video she had recorded the night before, and placed the phone on the conference table. 
With the current trend of bashing Ye Junqing online, without some convincing evidence, it was impossible to counter the smear against him. If Ye Junqing said this video was to handle the civil affairs bureau’s issue, it meant he permitted it to be public, right? 
Until the video finished playing, the meeting room was still quiet as a graveyard. By instinct, some people looked out the window, and the sun hadn’t set in the west. 
The department head looked stunned: “Ye Xingguang, are you sure this video is real, not fake?” 
Ye Xingguang said calmly: “Ye Junqing personally gave it to me. It shouldn’t be fake, right?” noveldrama
Rebecca Perry’s voice sharpened: “Weren’t you crying while leaving the swimming pool? Why would Ye Junqing possibly give you this kind of video?” 
“Yes, I was crying when I left the swimming pool, but the task the head gave me, no matter how difficult it is, I would do whatever it takes. Otherwise, wouldn’t I be betraying the trust that the head has placed in me?” 
Ye Xingguang spoke with a high voice, not forgetting to highlight her effort: “Head, Ye Junqing indeed didn’t want to deal with me, but relying on my gift of gab and determination that keeps me going when the going gets tough, finally moved Ye Junqing. Although he did not accept my interview, he gave me this video clip to bring back.” 
“Good, good, good, hahaha!” 
The department head laughed three times. 
“This is truly seeing light at the end of the tunnel. Ye Xingguang, you’ve pulled off a real coup this time!” 
“Head, this is what I should do, I’m glad I could fulfill my task.” 
Good good good, the more the department head looked at Ye Xingguang, the more satisfied he was. Their department needed this kind of capable, responsible, and modest young people. 
Other members of the department also began to speak: 
“l can’t believe that Ye Xingguang, who just started working, was able to touch Ye Junqing. This isn’t something one can accomplish with charming words alone, Ye Xingguang, well done.” 
“While the girl in the video was a bit dramatic, the adoring look on Ye 
Junqings face was simply unimaginable. No one would ever believe that Ye 
Junqing was actually a domesticated good man, even making steak for the girl. 
The video is so touching. This video can definitely turn around his spoiled image. I’ll edit it now.” 
“l still can’t believe that Ye Junqing would personally cook a steak for her. Did Ye Junqing fall in love with her at first sight? The video really looks like a couple deeply in love. I’m captivated by the tenderness and indulgence in Ye Junqing’s eyes. The public would surely not be able to resist his charm when he’s tender like this. I’ll write the copy now.” 
“Why do I feel like the girl’s voice sounds a bit like Ye Xingguangs voice. Or is it just my imagination?” 
Ye Xingguang caught her breath, calmed herself for two seconds, then exclaimed in surprise: “Ah, it does seem so. Could it be because the girl in the video is actually me? I was at the Northern District Civil Affairs Bureau drawing lots for my partner on July 1st as well. Head, could you let the station promote me for free? I really want to be famous.” 
At her words, everyone burst into laughter at her cheeky remark. 
Only Rebecca Perry clenched her fists. 
She hadn’t expected Ye Xingguang to accomplish so much as soon as she joined the station, earning the admiration of higher-ups while she, also an intern, was left standing still. The disparity, one that the prideful Rebecca 
Perry could hardly bear..
###Chapter 66: Asking Ye Jun Qing to Pick Her Up from Work? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
After the meeting, the two interns, Ye Xingguang and Rebecca Perry, stayed behind to tidy up the office. While cleaning the table, Rebecca flashed a smile: “Yestar, you really outshined everyone today.” 
“l can’t help it if I’m particularly capable.” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to modestly downplay in front of Rebecca. 
“Hah, ‘particularly capable’, that’s hilarious. Is that what they call whining, causing a scene, and threatening to top yourself now? You and the ‘Coypu Girl’ both drew numbers at the North District’s Civil Affairs Bureau on the same day, how come your luck wasn’t as good as hers?” 
“My official partner will naturally cherish me.” 
“Really? Yun Chen is coming to pick me up after work. He’s been quite nervous that your draw might have been a lopsided melon. Maybe you should have your official partner come pick you up as well. It would put Yun Chen at ease and allow me to catch a glimpse of how cherished you really are.” 
Have Lord Ye come pick her up from work? 
Probably not even in the next life. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t feel like dealing with Rebecca, so after cleaning up the rubbish on the table, she headed out. But Rebecca blocked her, “What’s wrong? Bluffing and now afraid you’ll be called on it? Don’t dare to call your official partner over, huh?” 
“What should I be afraid of? You just wait and see, I’ll blind you with all the brightness!” 
Ye Xingguangs prideful remark lingered in the air as she left with determination. noveldrama
At the end of the day, when she was about to leave work, she saw Yun Chen pulling up in an Audi to pick up Rebecca. The car was clearly brand new, with a temporary license plate still hanging off it. 
Yun Chen had a bouquet of red roses in his hand. After Rebecca received the roses, she stood on her tiptoes and gave Yun Chen a delicate kiss on his forehead. Following this, she held his hand and peeked at Ye Xingguang with a blissful look on her face, 
Ye Xingguang pretended not to see them. ‘Blissful, my ass! Yesterday you were poking me for regret medicine, who are you showing off to now?’ 
She didn’t want to look at that lovey-dovey couple, but they stood right in her way. 
“Yestar, I’ve heard that your partner is very good to you. Is he picking you up after work?” Yun Chen asked, feeling somewhat guilty. Hearing Rebecca’s claim heartened him a bit, and he couldn’t resist verifying it with Ye Xingguang. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t even glance at Yun Chen, she simply walked around the two of them. 
She then stood by the road, hoping that her driver would arrive soon. Whether she could regain her dignity depended on him. 
The driver assigned to her by the Ye’s family was in his twenties and a reportedly retired soldier. While he might not be as good-looking as Yun Chen, the car he drove was unquestionably superior to an Audi. That’s why she dared to drop big words in front of Rebecca. 
But she noticed the time – she had clearly set a pick-up time with the driver, so why hadn’t he arrived? 
While she was fretting, a message popped up on her phone. 
It was from her driver, [Miss Ye, the car broke down on the road, do you want to take a taxi home?] 
Ye Xingguang: 
What awful luck! Just when she needed her driver to make an appearance, he couldn’t show up. What now? Let Rebecca have the last laugh? 
“Of course it’s true. Yestar told me herself, she even said that her official partner practically wants to hold her in the palms of his hands. Right, Yestar?” Rebecca, leaning against Yun Chen, laughed out her question. 
Seeing Ye Xingguang remain silent, Rebecca continued, “Yun Chen, if you don’t believe, why don’t we wait here together for Yestar’s partner?” 
Ye Xingguang planned to board the subway after the couple left. In her heart, there were a million curses she wanted to bestow upon Rebecca. 
But for the sake of face, she secretly opened a car-hailing app and called for an upscale car that was better than an Audi. She then stood by the road, waiting nonchalantly. 
Unexpectedly, less than a minute later, a convoy of pure silver elongated Bentley Mulsannes thundered to her location. The grandeur of this sight instantly outshone everything and everyone around….
###Chapter 67: How Did You Come to Pick Me Up? 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang froze for a moment, thinking she was obstructing someone’s path, so she moved to the side. noveldrama
Unexpectedly, after the formally dressed bodyguard disembarked, he respectfully opened a car door for her, nodding in a gentlemanly way, “Miss Ye, please get in the car.” 
Do ride-hailing apps offer such excellent service now? She simply wanted to book a fancier car than an Audi, so did the platform upgrade her to VIP service? 
She’s not a VIP customer of the ride-hailing app. 
As Ye Xingguang leaned over, she saw a man sitting in the car’s back seat, composed and dignified. 
Seemingly noticing her gaze, the man slightly turned his head toward her. He emitted an incredibly distinguished aura, like a well-respected dignitary, full of intimidation. Ye Xingguang froze for a moment, then quickly recognized him. 
Noticing that Rebecca Perry and Yun Chen were also trying to peek inside, Ye Xingguang quickly got in the car, and promptly closed the door, blocking the prying eyes of the curious couple. 
“Who are you?” Rebecca Perry’s voice was filled with curiosity and jealousy. 
The bodyguard completely ignored Rebecca Perry. After escorting his charge into the car, he got into the vehicle behind. 
The roaring fleet quickly left the television station, leaving Rebecca Perry in awe of their domineering presence. 
“So, she’s really living a good life now.” Yun Chen couldn’t quite grasp his own tone, was it more relieved or more awkward? 
He had chosen Rebecca Perry who seemed more suitable for him, but seeing his ex-girlfriend being respected and escorted into a car like that, he suddenly felt a bit jealous. 
Rebecca Perry didn’t respond to Yun Chen’s words, but she felt a sudden surge of bitterness. Did Ye Xingguang, like the carp girl, also hit the jackpot and land a top-tier billionaire? How else could she afford to be chauffeured in such cars, and not just one! 
Has the Bureau of Civil Affairs in the north district, the current hotspot for all girls dreaming of marrying into wealth, become a breeding ground for top-quality men? 
Why didn’t she take the school bus that day to the Bureau to participate in the lottery, but instead chose to marry an ineffectual man like Yun Chen? 
The more Rebecca Perry thought about it, the more depressed she became. She even felt like discarding the red rose in her hands… 
Meanwhile, in the speeding fleet. 
Ye Xingguang sat next to the distinguished man, acting extraordinarily cautious. 
“Hello, Mr. Ye, why are you here to pick me up?” 
Ye Shiting gave a slight smile, “Don’t be so formal; just as you call Yunteng, you can call me big brother.” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t loosen up, and awkwardly changed her address, “Big brother, hello.” 
Ye Shiting didn’t mind and observed the girl with a deep, mysterious gaze. 
Ever since this girl won my his brother’s heart, he had noticed his brother’s mood swings, particularly the other night at the hotel entrance when a reporter asked whether there was a possibility of them falling in love. His brother curtly responded, “No,” and got into the car, appearing as irritable as a provoked lion. 
He had never seen anyone affect his brother’s mood this way before. But on the way home that day, he could confirm that his brother’s mind was filled with thoughts of this girl! 
What is special about her that affects my brother so much? 
Ye Shiting was very curious. 
Being scrutinized by such an ordinary but intimidating gaze made Ye 
Xingguang feel uncomfortable. “Big brother, did you need something from me?” 
Ye Shiting withdrew his gaze, smiled lightly: “Today is your sister-in-law’s birthday. We didn’t plan to throw a big party, just a family dinner. Your sister-in-law asked me to pick you up as she is eager to meet you..”
###Chapter 68: Crematorium, Please Jump! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Ah? I haven’t prepared a birthday gift for my sister-in-law. Is it still time to go to the mall to buy?” Oh no, she didn’t bring a lot of money today. 
Ye Shiting said, “It’s fine as long as you’re there.” 
“Is that okay?” 
Ye Shiting smiled, “Your sister-in-law won’t mind these, mainly the family wants to meet you, Jun Qing is busy today, so I, as the eldest brother, personally came to pick you up, do you mind?” 
“Not at all, I’m flattered.’ 
Ye Xingguang spoke the truth, she didn’t expect Ye Junqing to introduce her to the family, it may be Ye Junqing who didn’t want to take her to attend, so this strongest presidential candidate personally came to pick her up, she was clear about it. 
In a high-end restaurant in the capital, VIP room. 
As soon as Ye Xingguang followed Ye Shiting in, she saw many men and women sitting at the dining table. At a glance, she only recognized Ji Qishu and MO Fei. The meal had not started yet, all the men and women were sitting and chatting. The originally lively atmosphere quieted down instantly due to her arrival. A pair of curious eyes all looked at her. She tried her best not to be timid, smiled slightly, decent and graceful. 
“Is this my sister-in-law?” The woman in the main seat stood up. 
Ye Xingguang had seen her on TV, Ye Shitings wife, Yi Yujian, the daughter of the world’s luxury brand LT Jewelry giant. 
Not only her family background is admirable, but also her capabilities are very strong. At the age of only 28, she is already the Executive Vice President of the LT Jewelry brand. 
As reported, ever since Ye Shiting started to participate in the presidential election, she put aside everything, fully supporting her husband’s campaign. Known as the country’s top socialite, although she is already a mother of a pair of twins, her figure is not inferior to a girl who has not given birth to a child, and her temperament is even more mature and capable, stylishly pretty, full of socialite style, 
“Sister-in-law, come over, sit here.” Yi Yujian enthusiastically waved to her. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang nodded, walked to Yi Yujian’s side, and straightforwardly said, “Sister-in-law, 1 didn’t know today is your birthday, and I didn’t prepare a birthday gift for you. I hope you can excuse me and wish you a happy birthday.” 
“Thank you, the gift is not important, I’m very happy that you could come.” 
Yi Yujian pulled open the empty space beside her and said, “Father-in-law and mother-in-law are on vacation abroad, with no one organizing, so 1 took the liberty to use my birthday as an opportunity to introduce you to the family, sit down, don’t stand.” 
As soon as Ye Xingguang sat down, Yi Yujian proactively introduced all the people at the dining table to her. 
After a round of introduction, she basically understood. 
There are only two brothers in the Ye family, Ye Shiting, and Ye Junqing. 
But the Ye family has many adopted sons, who are close to each other as brothers. They divide into two camps and sit clearly on the dining table. 
Some people followed Ye Shiting into politics, they are Ye Shitings left and right hands, such as Lin Nan, Tang Xiao, Mu Nian Bai, MO Zhe; 
Some people followed Ye Junqing into business, they are Ye Junqings left and right hands, such as Ji Qishu, MO Fei, and Fu Zhuo, who hasn’t arrived yet, and Tang Zhou, who was assigned to an outstation… 
After introducing everyone, Yi Yujian asked her husband, “Call and remind the second brother, why isn’t he here yet?” 
After saying that, Yi Yujian cordially pulled Ye Xingguangs hand and said, “l heard that today my second brother was busy at the company, so I let Shiting pick you up personally, otherwise, my second brother would have brought you personally.” 
Ye Xingguang nodded, feeling quite happy to be welcomed by the official’s family. 
Just as her sister-in-law finished speaking, the door of the box was pushed open from the outside. Ye Junqing and Xia Yanyan walked in one after the other. In Ye Xingguang’s heart, she instantly wanted to burst out a thousand ‘what the hell’..
###Chapter 69: Second Brother, Men Can’t Be So Overbearing_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Upon seeing the man and woman walking through the door, Yi Yujian felt extremely embarrassed and shot her husband a sidelong glance. What was all this about? 
She had just told her sister that her younger brother was too busy to pick her up, but then he showed up with Xia Yanyan. Wasn’t that akin to slapping her in the face? 
The other people in the dining room suddenly put on a show of watching a drama unfold. 
Did MO Fei know that Ye Xingguang would come today, so he deliberately brought Xia Yanyan to make a statement? 
Ye Junqing walked in from outside. Upon seeing the tight-lipped Ye Xingguang, he appeared surprised to encounter her here. He paused in his steps, his eyebrows slightly wrinkling in thought, but then he quickly resumed his pace and walked straight towards Ye Xingguang. He pulled out the empty seat next to her and sat down, mockingly. 
“Happy birthday, cousin,” Xia Yanyan said, her tone considerably warmer. 
As soon as she entered, she handed over a small, exquisite gift to Yi Yujian, showing the care she had put into selecting it. 
“Thank you.” 
Yi Yujian accepted the gift grumpily. Even though she held no grudge against her cousin Xia Yanyan, she wished she wasn’t here at that moment. 
But since she had already arrived, Yi Yujian couldn’t dismiss her outright and kept up a polite smile. 
However, the seating had been arranged according to the number of people. With her younger brother seated, there was only one vacant seat left – meant for Fu Zhuo, to the right of her younger brother. 
Fu Zhuo hadn’t taken his seat yet, and if they let her cousin sit, it would create an awkward scene of her brother being flanked by two ladies. That would be too embarrassing. 
Those unaware might even think she invited her cousin intentionally to put her in a difficult position. 
Yi Yujian made a quick decision and instructed MO Fei, “MO Fei, ask the waiter to add a seat next to you and the chess book for Yan Yan.” 
MO Fei stood up and said, “Okay.” 
While Xia Yanyan was a little disappointed that she couldn’t sit next to Ye Junqing, it didn’t dampen her spirits, because she saw that Ye Xingguang looked incredibly embarrassed. 
Ye Xingguang was seething inside, internally cursing Ye Junqing to death a thousand times, hoping he would choke on iced water or be suffocated by cabbage! 
The atmosphere in the room didn’t continue its tense progression. Someone revitalised the mood, and it quickly became lively. 
Yi Yujian tried to make things comfortable for Ye Xingguang, ‘Younger sister, would you like red wine or some other drink?” 
Seeing a jug of chilled watermelon juice on the table, Ye Xingguang said, “I’ll have the iced watermelon juice.” 
She desperately needed something to cool her down right now! 
Just as the waiter was about to pour her a drink, Ye Junqing blocked the cup with his hand, “Get her a hot drink.’ noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was already fuming inside and had no interest in indulging Ye Junqings provocations. Plus, she was boiling with anger, so she stubbornly insisted, “l want something cold.” 
Yi Yujian also said, “Younger brother, you can’t be so domineering. You get to decide her drink? If my husband tried to control what I drink, I wouldn’t stand for it. Waiter, listen to my little sister, pour her a chilled drink.” Ye Junqing simply remarked, “She’s about to have her period.” 
” Pfft… 
Ji Qishu had just brought his wine to his lips when he choked, looking up incredulously. How did Ye Junqing know such intimate details about Ye Xingguang? 
Fu Zhuo didn’t get it yet and curiously asked, “Brother Qing, what day is it?” 
Crack… 
Ye Xingguang’s face instantly turned beet red! 
She was very regular, it would come either tonight or tomorrow morning at the same time each month. But she had definitely not revealed this information in any municipal documentation.. How on earth did Ye Junqing know that she was about to have her period?
###Chapter 70: Ah, Overestimating One’s Abilities 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Even though saying it out was embarrassing, for some reason, Ye Xingguang could not help but feel sugary sweet inside. 
She even overlooked the tyranny of the ‘Big Poisonous Dendrite’. 
Yi Yujian was taken aback, then laughed, “So I misunderstood my younger brother. Women should be loved like this. Waiter, bring another hot drink… Little sister, is it hot watermelon juice or something else? Would you like to look at the menu again?” 
Fu Zhuo was still puzzled:  
Ji Qishu wiped the corner of his mouth and said, “Fu Zhuo, you’re really quite simple-minded, asking such a silly question. I can’t believe Brother Qing remembered everything so clearly. I underestimated him. Waiter quickly, give the menu to little Xingguang, let her decide.” 
Fu Zhuo reacted, seeming to understand, then looked at Ye Xingguang incredulously. 
How did Master Qing know Miss Ye’s period was coming soon? 
Master Qing hasn’t asked him to investigate this aspect of Miss Ye’s profile either! 
Ye Xingguang wished she could crawl into a crack in the ground. Her head was buzzing, how could she seriously choose a drink she liked? She uttered casually, “Just the hot watermelon juice, thank you.” 
Lord Qing gestured for the waiter to give him the menu. 
Then he flipped through it and said, “Bring her a bottle of hot red date milk. Also, king crab, Australian abalone, Blue Lobster, and Bluefin tuna, one of each.’ noveldrama
“Sure.” The waiter took down the order. 
Everyone at the table, with their crafty minds, almost thought Brother Qjng was favoring the crown prince’s wife. However, he only ordered a bottle of red date milk for the crown prince’s wife, then he ordered a lot of seafood. 
As everyone knows, women tend to be physically weak during their period and need to avoid certain foods. Seafood, being a cold food, should be eaten less or not at all. But it is said that Xia Yanyan, being a mermaid, loves these top-grade seafood, so the seafood must have been ordered for Xia Yanyan. 
Ye Xingguang bit her lower lip, her thoughts echoing those of everyone else. 
You damn big tumor, Lord Qing! You ordered me a forty-dollar red date milk and ordered such expensive seafood for Xia Yanyan! 
You should know, King Crab is indeed the king among crabs! 
Australian abalone is even more pricey, hailed as a mouthful of gold per bite! 
And the Blue Lobster, it’s a living fossil among seafood. Only one Blue Lobster exists among two million lobsters, it’s extremely expensive! 
And the Bluefin Tuna, it’s the top product among all tunas, hailed as the 
Rolls-Royce among all fishes! 
She couldn’t care less how Ye Jingqing knew her period was about to come, her fleeting feeling of sweetness evaporated entirely, leaving only a sense of resentment she couldn’t quite express! 
She didn’t understand why she held such animosity towards Xia Yanyan, even if Xia Yanyan was her biological sister. She resented when they were treated differently by other people, her longstanding feelings of injustice always bubbling to the surface under these circumstances. 
Once the top-grade seafood arrived, she began eating ravenously. 
Ordinary women can’t eat seafood during their period, but she’s a blend of human and mermaid, her constitution differs from ordinary women. Eating seafood during her period is better for her body. She wouldn’t waste the opportunity. Why should she let the food ordered by her husband benefit Xia Yanyan? 
Everyone watched as Ye Xingguang bypassed all the other dishes to focus solely on the seafood. They thought, she must be angry, right? 
Xia Yanyan didn’t mind her share of seafood being eaten by someone else. She looked at Ye Xingguang as if looking at an overreaching ant. She laughed inwardly, thinking, “No matter how much you eat, it’s not what was ordered 
for you..”
###Chapter 71: The Little Fool of the Bandit’s Family_l 
Translator: 549690339 
At the dinner table, aside from Yi Yujian, Ye Xingguang and Xia Yanyan, there were also a few girls who were part of the family. They mostly knew Xia Yanyan, and seeing Ye Xingguang take such good care of her, they grew close to Xia Yanyan after their satisfying meal. 
This was a multi-purpose box, with dining, singing, and pool playing all in one place for the customers to enjoy after their meal. 
While the men were still reveling in their drink and song, the majority of the women had already settled in pairs or trios on the sofas, selecting songs to entertain themselves. 
Xia Yanyan was singing. Her voice was recognized by everyone in Country A as unparalleled. Every song she sang would long hold a place in the major music charts, and till now almost no singer could topple her from the rankings. 
Yi Yujian hadn’t left the table yet and couldn’t attend to Ye Xingguang. With the other women close to Xia Yanyan, who ignored her completely, she sat alone on the sofa playing with her phone, checking if the daytime editorial department had posted the edited video. 
At that moment, a jovial girl sidled up to her, shoving something in her hand: 
“Here, this is for you.” 
“What’s this?” 
“Painkillers. I’ve got them in my bag. You ate so much seafood tonight, you might have stomachache tomorrow. But I must say, you really went all out, eating so much just to spite Xia Yanyan. Oh, by the way, I’m Xiao Mi Hu. 
Everyone says I’m as clueless as my name suggests, I’m the little ditz of the MO family. But do I look scatterbrained to you?” 
Ye Xingguang chuckled, “You’re MO Fei’s wife?” 
“We’re not married yet, but I’m graduating from university next year. I’m worried if I don’t marry him, I’ll have to apply for a match at the civil affairs office. What if I get someone dreadful like you did?” 
Xiao Mi Hu truly worried for herself, removing her shoes and sitting cross-legged on the sofa, hands supporting her cheeks, she stared dreamily at MO Fei at the dinner table, then nudged Ye Xingguangs arm and asked, “Do you think 1 should marry MO Fei?” 
How would she know? “What do you think?” 
“I have no idea. When I started dating him, I thought he was just a driver, but later I realized I had been blind. Now I’ve gotten on the wrong boat and don’t know how to get off. Ah, at least there’s you to share my misery, that’s something.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: 
Given Xiao Mi Hu t s kindness in giving her a painkiller, Ye Xingguang responded, “MO Fei is a driver?” 
Xiao Mi Hu excitedly held a cushion from the sofa, boasting, “Yeah, can you believe it? Back then every time I used a car-hailing app, he was the one to accept my request. 1 figured, isn’t this fate sent by heaven? And MO Fei’s so handsome, if I missed that wouldn’t 1 regret it all my life?” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Why did she picture MO Fei taking on a driver’s role on a ride-hailing app just to woo a girl? 
Oh my, that’s so…romantic. 
Ye Xingguang said, “In that case, why not marry him? What’s there to worry about?” 
Xiao Mi Hu anxiously squeezed the cushion and said, “You don’t know how reserved MO Fei is. Whenever I speak ten sentences, he just responds with one word. Do you know what that word is?” 
“Hm?” 
Xiao Mi Hu dramatically latched onto Ye Xingguangs arm and shook it vigorously, “You are truly my soulmate. You actually guessed it! How could I marry such a reserved guy? But MO Fei is too hateful. He said if I dared to marry someone else, he’d chop that person up into mincemeat! I’ve decided.. I’ll join forces with you to form a resistance duo to fight against tyranny!’
###Chapter 72: Who Isn’t Disturbed? 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang anxiously held his phone, feeling incredibly frustrated, “My situation is different from yours.” 
Xiao Mi Hu blinked, “How is it different?” 
Ye Xingguang thought for a moment, “Put it this way, your MO Fei likes you and doesn’t want you to marry someone else, so you have the confidence to 
resist. That’s what is called having confidence in being favored. But me, on the other hand, I’m not even liked by the big tumor. He’s just forced to accept me, get it?” noveldrama
Xiao Mi Hu slapped her forehead, “Ah, I get it now. So, are you the forever restless one because you can’t have what you want?” 
The volume of Xiao Mi Hu t s voice was quite loud. With that one sentence, it drew everyone’s attention. Xia Yanyan also looked over with profound significance. Ye Xingguang immediately pulled Xiao Mi Hu to the side. This girl was indeed as her name suggested! 
Why was she being so loud? 
And who said he was restless because he couldn’t get what he wanted? 
Ye Xingguang retorted quietly: “l don’t even like Ye Jun Qing. I’m also forced to accept him. Whoever he wants to take along is none of my business. I really don’t care, not at all!” 
Xiao Mi Hu yelled in indignation: “How can that be? You’re being bullied and you don’t even care? If MO Fei ever had the guts to flaunt another woman in front of me, I would definitely send them both flying with a kick!” 
The moment she said that, the bustling room became silent, all eyes were on them. 
Xiao Mi Hu, utterly clueless, continued, “Why are you all looking at me? Am I wrong? It’s clearly stated in the law, during the official matchmaking period, there can’t be other women. It’s a blatant challenge to the law for Ye to ignore me and go to Miss Xia instead. It’s no wonder the netizens are cursing. Also, Miss Xia, you’re a national goddess. How could you so audaciously become a mistress? How could you do this?” 
Xiao Mi Hu looked hurt, as though her goddess, whom she had always admired, had let herself go, and all these years of admiration has been in vain. 
Xia Yanyan’s face went beet red in embarrassment. From childhood till now, everyone who spoke with her did so out of admiration and flattery. This was the first time she had been questioned so straightforwardly. 
Everyone said MO Fei liked a fool, and indeed, she was foolish enough to piss people off. Who was the real mistress here? 
It was clear that she and Ye Jun Qing were in love and were about to get married, but then Ye Xingguang inserted himself and snatched away her fiancé! 
Who was the third wheel was clear as day! 
Xia Yanyan held her microphone, speaking frostily, “Miss Xiao, watch your words.’ 
Xiao Mi Hu rolled up her sleeves, “Why, you dare to do but not to hear? Knowing full well that Ye has an official match, you keep hanging out with him. Isn’t that the textbook third wheel?” 
“Miss Xiao, which pair of eyes saw us being together?” Xia Yanyan replied coldly, her voice filled with certainty. 
She wasn’t afraid of trouble. She just hated the silence. 
Xiao Mi Hu held her eyelids open with both hands, “Both of my eyes saw you walking into this room together! ! ! ” 
“So, this is your baseless excuse to slander me? What if we happened to just bump into each other at the door of the room?” 
After saying this, Xia Yanyan sneered inwardly. 
She knew Ye Xingguang couldn’t hold it in. She just didn’t expect him to be so cunning. Instead of coming forward himself, he egged on the little fool from the MO Fei family to stir up trouble. Such a classic White Lotus! 
Xia Yanyan felt that if she took this little White Lotus seriously, it would be beneath her dignity!
###Chapter 73: Suddenly Tears Filled My Eyes_l 
Translator: 549690339 
As soon as Xia Yanyan’s words ended, everyone at the table turned their gaze to Fu Zhuo as if wanting to verify Xia’s statement. 
Fu Zhuo licked his lips, why is everyone looking at me? 
Fu Zhuo confirmed: “Mr. Qing and I did indeed meet Miss Xia at the entrance of the private room, and that’s why we came in together. Miss Xiao, Mr. Qing would absolutely never do anything against the law during his tenure, so please be cautious with your words.” 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, was it just a coincidence? 
Did she misunderstand Mr. Qing? 
But Mr. Qing ordered so much seafood for Xia Yanyan… 
Ye Xingguang grabbed Xiao Mi Hu, telling her to stop talking. 
Being the backbone of the anti-couple alliance, how could Xiao Mi Hu be deterred by her temporary loss? 
Xiao Mi Hu absolutely would not admit defeat! 
In a fighting spirit, she laid out the facts: “Mr. Qing also ordered so much seafood for you, but only ordered a serving of red dates and milk for my partner, which totalled less than 40 dollars, isn’t this having a secret agenda?” 
Xia Yanyan didn’t look at Xiao Mi Hu, but only directed her dismissive gaze at Ye Xingguang and smiled slightly: “Were those seafood dishes ordered for me? I didn’t eat a single bite. The one who ate the most should’ve been Miss Ye, shouldn’t it? I thought those dishes were ordered for Miss Ye.” 
Xia Yanyan’s words were full of sarcasm. 
She knew very well that Mr. Qing ordered those seafood dishes for her, but this White Lotus still ate with gusto, as if she had never eaten seafood before in her life. It’s embarrassing, no wonder, she was raised in a humble family and can’t take the spotlight. 
Even now, she dared to let Xiao Nii Hu bring it up openly. That’s called self-deception. 
Xiao Mi Hu was so angry, she jumped to the floor: “If you say that it wasn’t ordered for you, my period is coming and I’m not supposed to eat seafood. If it weren’t for your bullying, could she have eaten so much seafood? Uh… MO Fei, what are you doing?” 
“You’re drunk.” 
MO Fei saw Xiao Mi Hu jump off the floor barefoot, immediately frowned, walked over without saying a word and picked her up, while picking up the shoes on the floor and carried her out. 
After Xiao Mi Hu was taken out, Xia Yanyan looked at Ye Xingguang with a wronged face, “Miss Ye, Xiao Mi Hu is actually quite naive. If there are any misunderstandings in the future, you can just ask me directly.” 
Having said that, Xia Yanyan angrily picked up her bag and excused herself. 
But that sentence indirectly told everyone that Ye Xingguang was hiding behind, but using Xiao Mi Hu as a scapegoat. 
After leaving the private room, Xia Yanyan swept away her angry expression and showed a triumphant smile, Mr. Qing must be feeling sorry for her now. 
Although she wanted to see Ye Xingguang making a fool of herself in the private room, she felt that leaving in indignation at this moment was the perfect exit. noveldrama
Inside the private room. 
Ye Xingguang was struggling inside her mind, unsure of what to say. 
She didn’t blame Xiao Mi Hu for the awkward situation she had caused. It would be very ungrateful if she were to say now that she hadn’t instigated Xiao Mi Hu. 
Xiao Mi Hu was merely standing up for her. If there was anyone to blame, it would be Mr. Qing for choosing Xia Yanyan. 
Ye Xingguang angrily glanced at Mr. Qing and noticed that he looked worried, furrowing his handsome brow and his face turning rather unsightly. 
For some reason, her eyes suddenly felt sour. 
Was Mr. Qing also angry at her for eating Xia Yanyan’s seafood? 
She suddenly felt hurt, she didn’t want to be the laughing stock in front of everyone anymore. Holding back her feelings, she stood up and said, “I’m sorry, 1 really need to use the restroom. Please continue eating..”
###Chapter 74: Doesn’t Seem Like Myself at 
Translator: 549690339 
After finishing her words, she left the private room, intending to leave directly down the stairs. But she found out that a heavy rain was suddenly pouring outside. Xia Yanyan was being ushered into her car by the horde of bodyguards, while Ye Xingguang was scared by the heavy rain and went back into the lobby. 
She pulled out her phone to call a ride. The phone showed that the car would only arrive in five minutes, so she opted to wait in the lobby. 
The lobby was quiet and almost devoid of people. Her gaze unintentionally fell upon a corner of the lobby where a piano was situated by the floor-to-ceiling window. 
She was fond of the piano. 
She had a neighbor named Shen who played the piano especially well. In her childhood, she would often pop into old grandmother Shen’s home, where Shen would teach her to play whenever she had free time. 
Perhaps it was because she was feeling smothered, but she couldn’t resist approaching the piano. 
“Han Han, you don’t know how successful your concert was last night. Your new single ‘Against the Wind’ has climbed to second place on the music charts. Apart from Xia Yanyan, no one else can overshadow you. Of course, we can’t compare with Xia Yanyan; she’s like a mermaid, whose musical cells are naturally stronger than normal people. Your status in the pop music industry stands firm; to say that you are second to none would not be an exaggeration!” Fan Yuwen said excitedly while looking at the charts on his phone. 
Ling Han didn’t speak. Her mentor, instead, chuckled and said, “If there are good songs, you could compete with Xia Yanyan on the charts. It’s just a shame that good composers are so rare these days.” 
“Mr. Zhou, don’t worry. Ling Han is a key individual that our company is focusing on cultivating. We will definitely create the best songs tailor-made for her… 
Before Fan Yuwen could finish his sentences, he gets cut off by Master Zhou: “Shush, be quiet!” 
Master Zhou is the street artist Ling Han met at the mall entrance years ago. To this day, Ling Han still feels as though this is all a dream. 
Fan Yuwen, perplexed, asked, “Master Zhou, why…” “Listen.” Master Zhou pointed to his ear. 
A subdued, melancholic piano melody drifted out. 
The tune was unique, something Master Zhou had never heard before. Every note seemed imbued with a spellbinding power that touched the heartstrings of the listeners. 
Fan Yuwen might not understand, but with decades of musical experience, Master Zhou had discovered a treasure at first hearing, just as he had when he discovered Ling Han three years ago in front of the shopping mall. Master Zhou followed the sound and hurried down the stairs. 
By the time he reached the lobby, the piano sound had stopped abruptly. 
There was nobody at the piano by the floor-to-ceiling window, with only the white, gauzy curtains swaying gently with the wind. The heart-wrenching love song that someone had just played here still hung in the air like the sweet aftertaste of a sour love affair. 
Master Zhou regretted deeply in his heart. Where was the person? 
Ye Xingguang got into a taxi and left the restaurant. 
She rested her head lightly against the window, slowly closing her eyes. She could not understand why she kept hearing echoes of Ye Junqings stern voice inside her head. noveldrama
They say that people who don’t matter won’t affect one’s feelings! 
To her, Ye Junqing was just an unimportant person. Why was she upset because Ye Junqing got angry on behalf of Xia Yanyan? 
This wasn’t like her at all! 
After thinking about it, she concluded that it must be due to her upcoming period! 
Hormonal imbalance! 
Right, that’s it! 
A thunderclap roared, and the rumbling echo filled the summer night. It was so loud that even the people in the private room could hear.. Ye Junqing checked the time; how could a trip to the restroom take this long? Wasn’t she scared of thunder?
###Chapter 75: Who is she showing her grievance to now? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Inside the car, Ye Xingguang curled herself up, forcing herself to endure the roaring thunder above her. She repeated to herself over and over again, “it’s okay, it’s okay, the thunder will pass soon, I’m not scared!” 
However, she couldn’t help but recall the memory of when she was six years old and her parents cruelly abandoned her in the deep sea. 
She remembered wanting to reach the shore, swimming for two days and two nights without seeing land, only to be met with a great storm. 
At her young age, it was the first time she realized how terrifying a storm at sea could be. noveldrama
That night, the sea was full of raging waves and the thunder was loud. She had nowhere to hide, and as the downpour continued, she was unfortunately struck by lightning. 
She didn’t know why she, who hadn’t committed any sins, had to suffer such a fate. 
Every time since then, whenever there was loud thunder and striking lightning, she would reflexively think back to that terrifying night. 
“Little girl, afraid of the thunder, huh? My daughter is afraid too, don’t worry, it won’t hit you.” The taxi driver gave a reassuring smile. 
Ye Xingguang gripped her fingers tightly, nodding her head forcefully in an attempt to appear composed. 
Suddenly, her phone rang. 
She checked and saw it was an unfamiliar number. After hesitating for a moment, she answered the phone, “Hello, who is this?” 
“Where have you run off to?” Ye Junqings voice came through the phone. 
Anxiety that Ye Xingguang had just managed to calm welled up in her heart again. She feigned ignorance: “Who are you?” “Ye Junqing.” His voice was stern. 
“Who is that? I don’t know such a person!” 
Having said this, Ye Xingguang promptly hung up the call. 
But as soon as she hung up, the phone rang again. When she realized it was the same number, she curtly disconnected again. Who would answer his call? 
The phone rang for a third time relentlessly. She decided to ignore it, letting the ringtone disrupt the silence in the taxi and agitate her already frustrated heart. 
Then it rang the fourth time… 
Fifth time… 
Sixth time… 
The driver advised, “Young lady, did you have a fight with your boyfriend? In this heavy rain, he might be worried about you. That’s probably why he keeps calling. Take my advice and answer the call, just to let him know you’re safe.” 
“He wouldn’t be worried about me.’ 
Ye Xingguangs voice was sour, but she heeded the driver’s advice anyway. When the phone rang for the seventh time, she answered. Before she could utter a word, Ye Junqing asked harshly, “Who gave you permission to hang up on me?” 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip and remained silent, struggling to cope with the fear induced by the thunder above. 
Her silence seemed to irk Ye Junqing, he said heavy-heartedly, “Speak! Why did you leave without saying a word?” 
His words instantly triggered Ye Xingguangs anger. Was she supposed to stay in the booth and become the laughing stock of everyone? 
“Didn’t you, Mr. Ye, tell me yourself to stay away from you, the farther the better, so as not to disrupt your life? I am a person who knows how to take a hint, so of course I will remember your words and leave quietly to a place where you can’t see me.” 
She spoke with a hint of sarcasm, trying to ignore the feeling of being wronged that continuously surged up from her heart. After all, he had made it clear from the beginning that he accepted her only because he had no other choice and that they would separate after a year. There was no chance of falling in love over time.. Who was there to witness her grievance now? And who would care about it? Sometimes, she even despised herself!
###Chapter 76: Throw Fu Zhuo Down to Me! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Dare to run away even a bit? Tell me where you are now!” Ye Junqings unquestionably dominating tone added another layer of rage to the burning anger in Ye Xingguangs heart. 
She almost shouted into the phone: “l am running away, do you care? Do not call me anymore, 1 am going home!” 
After saying that, she forcefully clicked on her mobile screen to cut off the call. Who does he think he is, speaking to her in such a dictatorial manner? 
Having discontinued the phone call, she was again overcome with annoyance. Why did she tell him that she was going home? 
Was she afraid that he might worry? 
Ha, how could he possibly be anxious? 
Just as she was thinking, the phone rang again. Ye Xingguang picked up without even looking at the screen, yelling: “l told you not to call me. Yes, 1 am freaking upset, what’s wrong with that? Ordering me something worth just over thirty dollars while ordering her seafood worth thousands of dollars, embarrassing me in front of so many people. Don’t you forget that I am your official partner. Didn’t I tell you last night, dare to cheat on me during our partnership, and I will report you…” 
“What’s going on, Ye Xingguang?” A woman’s voice came through the phone. Ye Xingguang who was halfway in her tirade, paused: “Teacher Chang?” 
“So furious? Did you have a fight with your official partner?” 
“No…” She tried to conceal her unrest. 
Chang Qinghua said, “All men are scum, why care so much? It’s raining heavily tonight, and there’s severe flooding on He Garden Road. Many vehicles are submerged. I’m going to the scene for a report now, get over here immediately.” 
“What? Teacher Chang, She wanted to say that she was afraid of water, but that excuse was unconvincing. Ye Xingguang changed her approach: “Teacher Chang, I’m not in a good mood right now, can you call someone else?” 
“What’s more important, your work or your mood? Get over here now!” After saying that, Chang Qinghua directly hung up the phone. 
Ye Xingguang glanced out the window at the pouring rain thankfully because she had checked the weather forecast this morning and knew it would storm, so she had worn rain boots before leaving home. 
The fast-moving convoy howled in the storm. Ye Junqing looked at the disconnected phone and hammered his forehead in frustration. That pesky mermaid tail, she no longer cared about her business, was she rebelling against him? 
Fu Zhuo forgot how many times he had covertly observed Ye Junqings mood through the rearview mirror. 
He asked cautiously, “Sir, have you found Miss Ye?” 
“She went home.” Ye Junging spat out two words. 
Then he sat with an imposing aura in the car and said solemnly, “Investigate why Xia Yanyan ended up at the same restaurant as me.” 
“It’s probably a coincidence.” Fu Zhuo suggested. 
Ye Junqing shot Fu Zhuo a cold glance, ‘You think it’s a coincidence? noveldrama
Fu Zhuo thought for a moment, “Miss Xia was indeed treated unfairly tonight. She hadn’t done anything wrong and yet was defamed by Xiao Yun in such a manner. You need to calm down, Sir. It’s Miss Ye’s deep scheming to use Xiao 
Yun as a tool for this, and now she leaves without saying goodbye…” 
As soon as Fu Zhuo finished speaking, the atmosphere in the car dramatically dropped. He shivered from the sudden chill, unknowingly sensing as if someone was about to slit his throat. From the back came two chilling words: 
“Pull over.’ 
The driver complied, flipping on the right turn signal, slowly pulling over to the side. 
Fu Zhuo, oblivious to the source of danger, turned around, “Sir, why are we stopping?” 
“Get out.” Three words, filled with an overwhelming sense of authority. 
Fu Zhuo was perplexed, “Sir, who should get out?” 
“l told you to get out!” 
When Fu Zhuo still didn’t move, Ye Junqing threw an order to the bodyguard at the end of the stretch limo, “Xiao Yun, throw Fu Zhuo out!”
###Chapter 77: Miss Ye is the Special Existence_l 
Translator: 549690339 
After receiving his orders, the young bodyguard named Xiao Yun got out of the car. Without further ado, he opened the passenger door and yanked Fu Zhuo out of the vehicle, leaving him bamboozled by the situation. noveldrama
The heavy downpour drenched Fu Zhuo before he could even ask what he had done wrong. The impressive convoy roared away into the distance. 
Fu Zhuo wanted to chase after them, but couldn’t. He hurried to find a place to shelter from the rain. 
Unfortunately, the driver had stopped the car closest to the overpass, with no place nearby to take cover from the rain. 
Damn… 
What have I done wrong? 
Fu Zhuo was so stunned he felt as if he’d been knocked senseless. 
In the rapidly receding car, Ye Junqings anger hadn’t abated. 
He sat there arrogantly, thoughtful and brimming with defiance, asking, “Xiao Yun, does everybody think I like Xia Yanyan?” 
Xiao Yun didn’t beat around the bush, and replied, “Master Qing, take a look at your keychain.” 
Ye Junqing pulled his keys out of his pocket. He wasn’t like Tang Zhou or Ji Qishu who adorned their keychains with all manner of flashy trinkets. His only addition was a small mermaid pendant. 
Xiao Yun continued, “Master Qing, your keychain has a mermaid, your office desk’s ornament is a mermaid and even… you’ve built a mermaid-themed swimming pool. Also, your bedroom ceiling shows a mermaid sitting by the sea looking up at the stars. Moreover… you’ve designed the logo of Jun Star Weibo with a mermaid… Master Qing, I won’t list them all out but you like mermaids too much. Almost every detail of your life reflects signs of mermaids. In this world, the only mermaid is Miss Xia Yanyan.” 
“Really?” Ye Junqing looked down, squeezing the little mermaid tail on his keychain. 
His face darkened even more! 
Damn, Xiao Yun didn’t mention it, he hadn’t even realized. Despite having resolved never to have anything to do with the little mermaid in his life, she silently invaded all the minor details of his life! 
She didn’t even spare a small keychain! 
Ye Xingguang, you’re quite something! 
Ignoring the gloomy expression on Ye Junqings face, Xiao Yun stated unequivocally: “However, I believe, Master Qing, that you don’t like Miss Xia Yanyan. You probably just like mermaids purely. Because I have never seen you spirited about Miss Xia. When the old master mentioned a marriage alliance with the Xia family, you outright refused it in his presence. Otherwise, the wedding would have been on the agenda much earlier, and Ye Missy wouldn’t have been able to shake you. On the contrary, Ye Missy…” Xiao Yun stopped mid- sentence, wondering if he should continue. 
“Continue,” Ye Junqing insisted. 
“After every interaction with Ye Missy, your mood is especially sour. You even called her several times in a row. With your temperament, if someone dares to hang up on you, you wouldn’t call back. But you kept dialing, as if… you were worried about her… 
Ye Junqings face showed no signs of improvement. Worried about her? 
Seeing that Ye Junqing hadn’t interrupted him, Xiao Yun continued: “Yesterday when you saw Ye Missy with Young Master Han, you almost broke his arm. You even accompanied Ye Missy to the concert…” 
Although Fu Zhuo hadn’t realized that Ye Missy was in disguise as a man, but as Ye Junqings personal bodyguard, something like a simple disguise was nothing. If he couldn’t even see through that, how could he dare to be captain of the bodyguard team? 
After summing up, Xiao Yun said, “Master Qing, isn’t Ye Missy actually the special one in your heart? You ousted Fu Zhuo from the car to knock some sense into him. Master Qing, have you known Ye Missy for a long time?” 
[Author’s note: Awoo, Xiao Yun, from now on you are the top confidant by 
Master Qings side.. Asking for recommendation votes~]
###Chapter 78: Uncle Qjng, Miss Ye is here too_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“No need to know, not important!” Ye Junqing bluntly spat out the six words. 
Xiao Yun perceptively noticed, while Junqing was speaking these six words, he was fiddling with two mermaids attached to his keyring. 
Xiao Yun could not yet discern the meaning behind this action, but he clearly sensed the stubbornness in Junqings six words. 
A thought flashed through Xiao Yun’s mind: he’s as stubborn as a mule. noveldrama
If Xiao Yun had a hundred guts, he wouldn’t dare utter these words; all he could do was grumble in his mind. Regardless, he decided to alert all his subordinates to keep a close eye on Miss Ye in the future. So they wouldn’t end up like Fu Zhuo, completely oblivious, and left to suffer in the downpour unaware of the circumstances. 
Just then, a voice from the car radio’s host came: “We are now interrupting for the latest traffic update, the sudden downpour has resulted in city flooding. He Garden Road is severely waterlogged with numerous cars submerged, including a school bus from the capital city trapped underneath the overpass. For detailed casualties, stay tuned. We advise all drivers to avoid the flooded section and keep an eye on our latest traffic updates.” 
Hearing this, the man whose complexion hadn’t improved, frowned and asked, “How much further to He Garden Road?” 
The driver replied, “Sir, it’s just one street away. Shall I find an alternative route home?” 
“No need, let’s head for the rescue.’ 
The driver was momentarily stunned but soon accelerated. 
Eleven Rolls Royces roared against the pouring rain and hadn’t even reached five hundred meters before they were caught in traffic. Ye Junqing observed the stationary queue, and while pushing the door open, said, “Xiao Yun, take all the bodyguards and go rescue the stranded school bus.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Xiao Yun immediately followed Junqings lead and got out of the car, attempting to open an umbrella for him. 
Ye Junqing waved him off: “Nevermind me, go save them first.” 
On low-lying He Garden Road, the water level had reached the seats of the school bus, it was filled with first-graders. The driver had blacked out from hitting his head on the steering wheel after a rear-end collision. The bus also had a young tour guide and a female teacher. When Xiao Yun arrived, the teacher and guide were helplessly trying to calm the screaming crying children. 
There were only two altruistic bystanders with half their bodies submerged in the water, extending their arms trying to take the children one by one from the young guide to a safe area. Meanwhile, a reporter from the TV station was broadcasting live from the waterlogged scene. 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t care less about following the reporter proudly. On her way, she had bought a one-body raincoat and directly joined the rescue mission. 
A lightning bolt fell, chilling Ye Xingguang to the bone. 
She braved her fears, tightened her body-length raincoat from head to toe, stood in front of the bus window, stretched out her arms to take a terrified student from the female teacher’s arms, all the while calming the child and walking towards a less flooded area… 
Xiao Yun rushed over with his men, brushed past Ye Xingguang in the dim light, instinctively looked back and gave Ye Junqing, who was behind them, a sign: “Sir, Miss Ye is also here.” 
Following the direction of Xiao Yun’s gesture, Ye Junqing saw Ye Xingguang half-submerged in the water, tightly holding a child in her arms. 
Just as a lightning bolt streaked across the sky, the bright light illuminated Ye Xingguangs face. For that split second, Ye Junqing saw her pale face, incapable of taking care of herself but still desperately protecting the child in her arms. 
Ye Junqings heart clenched fiercely, “Damn it,” he thought.. “Doesn’t she know her limits? Trying to act brave at a time like this?”
###Chapter 79: The Eldest Sister is the Most Beautiful Mermaid in the World 1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Wahhh… Wahhh… Big sister, I’m scared…” The little girl in Ye Xingguangs arms cried even harder. 
Ye Xingguang was also terrified but tried hard to comfort the little girl, ‘Don’t be afraid, big sister will protect you. I’ll tell you a secret, big sister is a superhero, very amazing.” 
“Wahhh… a Super Mermaid? The savior of the world?” 
Many domestic movies like to use mermaids as their theme. There are movies for adults and animations for children. One of them is about mermaids. The heroine from the animated version is Xia Yanyan, who tells the story of how a Super Mermaid rescues the world. All the children love watching it. 
Ye Xingguang nodded, “Yes, like a Super Mermaid, don’t be afraid, be good…” 
“Wahhh… Big sister is lying. She is not a mermaid, she doesn’t even have a tail…” This little girl seemed to feel her intelligence being insulted, even crying more fiercely, and because of her fear she struggled vigorously in Ye Xingguangs arms. 
For a small child, she was surprisingly strong. Ye Xingguang almost couldn’t hold her. 
Just when she was frightened and helpless, a huge clap of thunder sounded in the sky. She gasped in fear, almost letting out a scream. Suddenly, she was lifted off the ground in someone’s arms. 
A deep, magnetic voice came from beside her ear, “Big sister does have a tail, she just hid it away…” 
Ye Xingguang was startled, looked to the side, without seeing the man’s face clearly in the dark night, she recognized his voice, it was Ye Junqing, who had made arrogant remarks to her on the phone not long ago, what was he doing here? 
She was about to when Ye Junqings suppressed anxious voice came to her ear, “Stay still, don’t move!” 
Without waiting for her to respond, Ye Junqing had already lifted her out of the water, striding towards a shallower area. 
“You… let me… I don’t need your help, 1 can walk by myself.” 
Ye Junqings cold voice came, “Who p s holding you? I’m only holding the little sweetheart in your arms.” 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip, was she making a fool of herself? 
“Uncle, is big sister really a Super Mermaid?” 
Perhaps Ye Junqing gave the little girl a sense of security, she stopped crying and with eyes flickering she waited for the answer. noveldrama
Ye Junqing held the big and small tightly to his chest, stood facing the relentless rain and said, “Of course, big sister is the most beautiful mermaid in the world. Isn’t big sister protecting you?” 
“Thank you, big sister.” The child’s heart was instantly calmed. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t expect Ye Junqing to be so efficient, pacifying the crying little girl with just a few words. Another bolt of lightning illuminated his handsome and arrogant face in the sky. She could see a flash of anxiety in Ye Junqings eyes. Who was he worried about? 
Certainly not her, right? 
Impossible! 
Ye Xingguang laughed at herself in her heart, but she clearly felt the man’s arm around her tighten. He gave her an inexplicable sense of security. She felt the comforting strength in this man, no wonder the child was no longer afraid. 
In the stormy wind and rain, neither of them had an umbrella. Ye Xingguang shielded the child’s face against her own body, as she unwittingly raised her arm, attempting to block the large raindrops pounding on Ye Junqings face. 
This kind-hearted gesture was noticed by Ye Junqing. His lips tightened but he didn’t say a word. He just picked up his pace….
###Chapter 80: – Because I am your Man! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Soon, Ye Junqing led them through the flower garden, across the non-motorized lanes, across the pedestrian street, and into a safe area. 
“Stay here and take care of the children. Don’t you dare to go anywhere else.” Ye Junqings voice was a command that left no room for debate. 
Ye Xingguang said, “There are many more children trapped in the cars, and several flooded cars have occupants unable to escape…” 
“You are not to go either. Stay put. If you leave…” Ye Junqing didn’t finish his sentence when he saw her face streaked with rain. He tried to pull out a dry handkerchief from his pocket to wipe her face, only to find it was soaking wet. 
He gently wiped her face using his wet palm and said, “Behave.” 
For some reason, Ye Xingguang obediently nodded when she heard his order: 
“Oh.” noveldrama
After thinking for a moment, she nudged him and said, “You go rescue them, quick. ” 
Without uttering a word, Ye Junqing turned around and strode towards the trapped school bus. 
Watching Ye Junqing and his dozen or so bodyguards braving the heavy rain and rescuing the children from the trapped bus, Ye Xingguang suddenly thought they were quite handsome, especially Ye Junqing who seemed irresistibly charming. 
His custom-fit white shirt was completely soaked, clinging to his skin and showing the perfect contours of his chest… 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip, secretly scolding herself: Ye Xingguang, since when did you start being so gushy over a guy? 
Chang Qinghua had taken notice of Ye Junqing early on. She stood in the rain, microphone in hand, reporting the rescue operations in real time; 
Meanwhile, the photographer Bai Sheng had captured numerous images of the humble Ye Junqing carrying children through the flooded area. 
As almost all the children from the bus had been brought to safety, the fire brigade finally arrived to assist in the rescue operation. 
Ye Xingguang handed the huddled children at her side over to the more professional firefighters so that the frightened, drenched children could be taken to a safer place. Just as she was about to join Chang Qinghua to continue reporting on the rescue operation, a dark figure suddenly appeared. 
“What did I say? Stay put! You disobedient woman, why are you running around?” Ye Junqings icy words rained down on her. 
“l am working…” 
“Even if you didn’t work for the rest of your life, you won’t starve!” 
Ye Junqing didn’t give her the opportunity to continue working. With the arrival of the rescue team, there was no need for him to stay, especially when this disobedient woman in his arms needed rescuing even more! 
Ye Xingguang retorted, “I’m not a rich young miss, I’ll starve if I don’t work! If I don’t work, I’ll have nothing to eat next month. Let me down quickly, it’s not decent for others to see.’ 
“l will provide for you. Now be obedient!” 
She doesn’t realize her condition and doesn’t watch out. If she grew a tail in this filthy water, she wouldn’t be the most beautiful mermaid but a sewer eel! “On what grounds can you provide for me?” Ye Xingguang shot back defiantly. Ye Junqing glared at her fiercely: “Because I am your man!” 
Ye Xingguang was stunned, hearing her heartbeat loud and clear. She scoffed: “You’re just a boyfriend I’ve had for a year, and you dare to talk about providing for me for a lifetime? Men sure don’t blink an eye when telling impressive lies…Ah…}” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t get to finish her sentence when suddenly a lightning bolt struck, landing precisely in front of her. The sudden flash of light startled her so much so that she didn’t even finish her sentence.. Instinctively, she tightly wrapped her arms around his neck, buried her face against his chest, and yelled, “Don’t strike me, strike him!”
###Chapter 81: Are you Crazy? What’s so Sweet?1 
Translator: 549690339 
Hearing her unbridled words, Ye Junqing laughed out of anger, “If I get struck by lightning, you better be ready to live as a widow for the rest of your life.” 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip and didn’t say anything. She also didn’t expect herself to blurt out something like that. It was probably what her subconscious mind truly felt. Who could blame her after how he embarrassed her tonight? noveldrama
Wait, if he got struck by lightning, why would she have to live as a widow for the rest of her life? 
They were merely in an official relationship. They weren’t married, and were supposed to part ways after a year! 
However, for some reason, even though this man was wickedly cursing her, she didn’t feel angry. Instead, she felt… sweet? 
What madness was this? Sweet? Ye Xingguang, what on earth are you thinking? 
Ye Xingguang quickly shook her head to clear her mind. However, she really didn’t dare to move again. She obediently buried her head in the man’s chest, allowing him to carry her through the heavy rain. 
Ye Junqing wanted to carry her back to the car, but the car was parked a bit far. So, some of the reporters who were heading towards the disaster area caught an imposing scene of Ye Junqing, on a crowded motorway, carrying a girl against the flow of the rescue team… 
The reporter involved worked at TD TV station, a media outlet that supported Lawson Perry. They couldn’t be more thrilled with the scene. 
Before Ye Junqing even made it to the car with Ye Xingguang, TD TV station had already posted this scene on their official blog. 
“Others are performing rescue operations, while Ye Junqing is flirting in the rain. I wonder how the Carp Maiden would feel after seeing this?” 
The reporter thought the more cinematic and beautiful their shot of the two was, the more sarcastic the newscast would seem. Together, they created a perfect piece of news… 
Ye Xingguang knew nothing of this. She was finally tucked into the warm, dry Rolls-Royce by the man. After being wrapped in a raincoat from head to toe, it was removed and a clean towel was placed on her head. 
The man’s broad palm held the towel, drying her rain-drenched face. Fearing that she might catch a cold, he even dried her hair. 
Sitting in the car, Ye Xingguang saw Ye Junqing himself dripping water all over his clothes. She quickly took hold of the towel and said, “Do you have changes of clothes in the car? You should change out of your wet clothes quickly. Don’t worry about me, I can manage.” 
“Behave and don’t move!” 
She was completely soaked, from head to toe. If she caught a cold, he would still have to… 
Ye Junqings thoughts suddenly stopped, he thought resentfully, if she got sick, he wouldn’t even feel sorry. Who cared about her wellbeing anyway? 
With that thought, he asked the driver to bring a blanket from the trunk. Wrapping her up like a chrysalis, he carefully dried her wet hair, gave her his cup of water to warm her hands, and only then did he start to change out of his wet shirt and trousers. 
Suddenly, a very enchanting scene appeared before Ye Xingguangs eyes. 
The man had his back to her, removing all his wet clothes. The car’s dim light traced his sensually defined back and slender waist, and his firm, white… 
Before Ye Xingguang could fully appreciate the view, with a swift action, the man had draped a clean, white shirt over his shoulders, instantly blocking all the breathtaking details. 
After Ye Junqing had put his clothes back on and turned around, he noticed the predatory look in the girl’s eyes. He raised an eyebrow, “What were you looking at?” 
“l wasn’t looking at anything!” Ye Xingguang quickly averted her gaze and forced herself to ignore the heat on her cheeks. 
[Author’s Note: Seeking recommendations, rewards, and check-ins]
###Chapter 82: 1 Must Kill Them with Facts _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqing smirked but said nothing. Silence worked better than words at this point, making Ye Xingguang feel her face getting hot, like a boiled crab. 
Thinking, she took out her phone to ease the awkwardness, “What’s your sister-in-law’s phone number?” 
“For what?” Ye Junqing asked while casually toweling off his hair. 
“l received a call from the station, saying there was a flash flood here, and they asked me to rush over. I left without telling your sister-in-law. I need to call and explain that work prevented me from continuing to attend her birthday celebration.” 
Ye Junqing looked at her, “So it was because of the station’s call that you left without saying a word.” 
“Of course!” At this moment, Ye Xingguang claimed with conviction. 
Ye Junqings expression suddenly turned sour. He knitted his handsome brows, a touch of sadness ringing in his voice, “l thought you were jealous.” 
“Are you out of your mind? Who would I be jealous of?” Ye Xingguang raised her voice, feigning surprise with her acting skills. 
Ye Junqing frowned at her exaggerated expression, scoffed, giving her a sarcastic, “Huh… 
Ye Xingguang patted her hair, quickly saying, “Give me your sister-in-law’s number, quick. I messed up her birthday party and didn’t get her a gift. I need to apologize. It’s all due to my job – when something comes up, 1 have to go. I left so abruptly… wait, why are you here too? You didn’t come after me, did 
Ye Junqing menacingly glared at her chattering lips, pulled up the number on his phone, and handed it to her. His actions brimmed with blatant displeasure, his voice tremendously annoyed, “Stop daydreaming, ask the driver!” 
The driver shivered in surprise, then carefully explained, “Master Junqing heard on the radio that a bus was trapped, so he rushed over to assist. We never thought we’d run into Miss Ye.” “Oh, that’s quite the act of justice.” 
For some reason, Ye Xingguang felt a tinge of disappointment. 
However, thinking back to Ye Junqing half- submerged in flood water, rescuing the tantrum-ridden children and bringing them to her side, she couldn’t help but hold him in high esteem. She wondered where his rumored toxicity lay? 
Then, she picked up Ye Junqings phone, dialing Yi Yujian to explain her abrupt departure. noveldrama
Yi Yujian was very understanding, didn’t pry for the truth, but curiously asked, “Miss Ye, are you with my younger brother now? Did he carry you like a princess earlier? And, are you wearing a black raincoat?” 
Ye Xingguang was surprised, “Sister-in-law, how do you know what I’m wearing?” 
Yi Yujian lightly chuckled, “A TD News reporter filmed you both. The news is now being broadcast all over, everyone’s probably looking at your pictures on their phones. The public impression isn’t great.” 
“What?” 
Ye Xingguang immediately checked the news on her phone, fuming with anger, “Nonsense! That’s not at all what happened. He was there to rescue with his security guards. They saved most of the kids trapped on the bus. The rescue team arrived later, that’s when he took me away. The TD News reporter completely twisted the facts! Sister-in-law, I need to go now.. I have to fight against their lies with the truth!”
###Chapter 83: You Don’t Think 1 1 m Sympathetic Towards You, Do You? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Yi Yujian said, “Little sis, don’t hang up. TD Television Station is trying to exploit this photo to harshly criticize your second brother. If you have any proof, send it directly to me and I will have someone take care of it.” 
Ye Xingguang replied, “I have it. Our station is still reporting on the scene. He and his bodyguard’s rescue should have been recorded on our camera. If TD dares to spread such distorted narratives online, we must give them a slap in the face. They should know how formidable I am!” 
Finding this amusing, Yi Yujian laughed over the phone, “Alright, little sis, 
hang up first. You don’t have to worry about this anymore, I’ll have someone contact the station.’ 
“Okay.” But Ye Xingguang was not satisfied. 
After hanging up the call, she angrily rolled up her sleeves, ready to confront the comments online, her demeanor incredibly fierce. 
Ye Junqing dried his hair and his drenched appearance transformed back into a dashing man. 
Leaning lazily against the back of the seat, he observed her growing irritation, 
“What’s there to be so upset about?” 
As she read the comments online, Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth in anger, noveldrama
“How can I not be upset? They’re vilifying you!’ 
“I’m the one being vilified, not you. Why are you so furious?” 
“I am only…” she almost let slip what was really on her mind. 
Ye Junqing was dissatisfied with her almost saying something but then not, he stared at her intently, “Only what? Are you worried about me?” 
“Who’s worried about you? Don’t flatter yourself, I…” Ye Xingguang was flustered, her voice faltering. She stubbornly refused to admit anything. 
Ye Junqing wouldn’t let her off the hook so easily. His gaze focused on her face, “You, what?” 
Ye Xingguang felt herself being drawn into Ye Junqings eyes as if they were a constellation of stars. She shook her head quickly to break the spell and quickly found an excuse, “You are my official partner, now they are assuming that you are irresponsible and unfaithful based on one photo. It makes me look bad. How am I supposed to save face?” 
Ye Junqing gripped her chin with two fingers, preventing her from avoiding his gaze. His powerful aura demanded her full attention when speaking, “Is that really all? Look into my eyes and say it, without blinking.” 
“Of… Of course, that’s all I mean, it’s not like… like I’m worried about you…” Her heart skipped a beat. 
A commanding Ye Junqing spoke, “Straighten your tongue, and say it again.” 
After that, he added, “Don’t avoid my gaze, look into my eyes when you talk to me.” 
Your eyes seem to contain the entire universe, with black holes that could draw people in. My heart starts pounding the moment I look at them, how can I look into your eyes when talking! 
Jerk, are you trying to embarrass me in front of you? 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip in irritation, looking straight into Ye Junqings enchanting eyes, she kept her pride intact, “So what? You would think I’m worried about you? Ha, how could that be possible, I was forced to become your official partner, alright! ” 
After that, she forcefully removed Ye Junging’s overbearing fingers, then turned her head to look out of the window, her annoyance manifesting as she brushed her hair to cover her reddening ears. Was she really worried about him? 
Not at all! 
Ye Xingguang stubbornly told herself to stop being a pushover! 
Ye Junqing stared at her back intensely, as though he wanted to bore a hole in her stubbornly turned back. How could her mouth be so annoying, so provocative. 
“Achoo, achoo, achoo…” Ye Xingguang sneezed in succession. 
Ye Junqings face darkened suddenly, not waiting for Xiao Yun and others to return, he ordered the driver in cold voice, “Start the car, let’s go home!” 
She needed a hot shower, and so did he!
###Chapter 84: Is She His Dearly Loved 
Sweetheart? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Once back home and after taking a hot shower, Ye Xingguang was sitting on the sofa, constantly keeping an eye on the news updates. 
TD Television had stirred up the public to excoriate Ye Junqing, but KOCO was completely silent about it. 
Ye Xingguang was endlessly refreshing her feed, it was clear that the comments were defending her, but she was infuriated. She detested being used as ammunition by the media, and the worst part was the uninformed netizens were all led astray by internet trolls. 
“Your Cute Netizen”: Ye Junqing is such a cancer. What is he doing playing romance in the rain? And who is this filthy little thing, doesn’t she know that Ye Junqings official partner is @Carp Girl? Ye Junqing is our precious Carp, all the other filthy little things stay far away! 
“Fearless Netizen”: Our lovely Carp Girl deleted her photo last night, she definitely was a victim of domestic violence, but the main culprit is just strolling in the rain, holding another filthy thing so tightly, the photo shows them whispering sweet nothings. I want to report this to the Civil Affairs Bureau, I’m so pissed off! 
“Match Made In Heaven Netizen”: Just look at the expression in the eyes of Ye, the big cancer, in the photo, it’s excessive affection, it can be said that the woman in the photo is his spoiled sweetheart. Is little Carp Girl crying at home? 
“Just Asking Netizen”: Apparently the severe flooded area was not far behind where Ye, the big cancer, was standing, many cars were submerged, people were trapped, a whole school bus of first graders were nearby. Everyone was rushing to help, but Ye Shitings brother was here, seducing others behind @Carp Girl’s back, do you still support Ye Shiting now? 
Ye Xingguang read every comment, by the end she was livid! 
She really wanted to make a post to announce to the world that the girl in Ye Junqings arms was her! It’s her! It’s her, alright?! 
Could the photo really reveal any sweet nothings though? 
How did the netizens see from the photo that she, in Ye Junqings arms, was his pampered sweetheart? So pampered with love? 
Ye Xingguang zoomed in on the photo, examining Ye Junqings expression closely. 
Seems like… 
He really looks quite affectionate! noveldrama
It makes one’s heart beat faster! 
Ye Xingguang sneakily saved the photo to her phone’s album. Then she crossed her legs sitting on the couch, sipping the freshly brewed black sugar ginger tea, biting her lips as she gazed up at the ceiling, then back at the photo on her phone. Could it be that the TD news reporter had photoshopped the image, made Ye Junqings expression especially affectionate, just to agitate netizens? 
After Ye Junqing finished his shower and came downstairs, he saw her sitting on the living room couch, lost in thought and asked curiously, “What are you thinking about?” 
“I’m wondering if the terrible Ye Junqing was looking at me in a certain way…” Ye Xingguang began to respond then realized something wasn’t right. 
When she turned her head, there was the horrible Ye Junqing standing not far from her. Fresh out of the shower, he wore white pajamas, his hair still damp, looking fresh and sexy, emanating a faint smell of shower gel. 
He picked up a cup of ginger tea that the butler had made for him from the table in front of her. Then he sank gracefully into the single-seater couch next to her, crossing his long legs. His every move was just too captivating. 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip, he was truly a big nuisance! 
After taking a sip of the ginger tea Ye Junqing lazily turned to her, “What about my look?” 
“Nothing!” Ye Xingguang forced herself to look away, saying, “My older sister-in-law said she was going to handle the online issue, but there hasn’t been any progress so far.. Should I make a post announcing that the sweetheart in your arms is me?”
###Chapter 85: Did She Actually Perceive His Thoughts?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Jun was choked by the ginger water, he coughed a few times. He could hardly believe that those words popped out from her mouth; his deep gaze lands on Ye Xingguangs face. His voice was wavering, “Did you just say that you want to tell the world you’re my most cherished one?” 
Ye Jun didn’t realize that when he asked that question, his relaxed posture became straight, his back upright. 
At that moment, the usually composed him was getting all confused, he was unable to think straight. 
Did she uncover his hidden feelings? 
Did she… Feel it? 
At that moment, slight strands of his deep affection emanated from his strong aura, he was inexplicably excited. 
Fool, of course you’re my most cherished one. 
“Cough cough,that is…” Ye Xingguang wished she could bite her tongue off: “l meant, look at the comments; it’s what the comments are saying. I was just swayed by them, I did not declare I’m your most cherished one; I was just talking about the comments.” 
Ye Xingguang was getting frustrated, desperately trying to explain, even showing the comments on her phone to Ye Jun. 
What’s gotten into her tonight, why was she misspeaking so often? 
Ye Jun was even choked by the ginger water, he wanted to mock her for her assumptions. 
“Look, this comment right here…” 
The handsome man, radiant as if he had absorbed the essence of the sun and moon, after hearing Ye Xingguangs hurried explanation, looked cold and 
smelly. So, that’s all it was? 
A moment of disappointment! 
With a push of his long arm, Ye Jun pushed away the phone that Ye Xingguang was handing over. His cold, magnetic voice was full of rejection: “l don’t want to see it, Post!” 
“Huh? What?” 
“Didn’t you say you were going to post on your Weibo, announcing to the world that you’re my most cherished one?” Ye Jun’s voice was cold as ice, recalling the misconception made him emphasize, “Post it!” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: 
Ye Xingguang: 
“What are you blanking out for? Look at what people have made me look like because of you!’ 
Ye Jun heavily placed the bowl in his hand onto the low tea table. He sank his tall, straight body back into the couch again with his aloof expression, his eyes glancing coldly at Ye Xingguang. 
“Oh… 
Almost as if she didn’t realise, or was unsure, Ye Xingguang sneakily glanced at his suddenly cold and angry face: “I’ll actually post it then, use my verified account to post it?” 
Ye Jun nodded, his aura strong. 
Just as Ye Xingguang was about to post, a notification popped up on her Weibo. 
Because the notification was from KOCO ‘IVE S official Weibo, she temporarily paused her post to open the notification. 
KOCO TV directly broadcasted Chang Qinghua’s live interview, the video recorded the entire process of Ye Jun leading his bodyguards to participate in the rescue, including the screenshot of the tweet by the teacher trapped on the school bus. 
The comments were filled with internet trolls, who started slandering even before they watched the video, after seeing the tweet made by the teacher. 
Netizen Endless Love: “Heh, has this female teacher been paid off by the Ye family? In order to clear Ye’s name, she even claimed that he personally carried the children off the bus and took them to a safe place? Who is Ye? A wealthy businessman who is far ahead in the wealth list, his time is more valuable than money, would he condescend to participate in a rescue?”
###Chapter 86: Why Haven’t You Sent it Yet? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
User You-Can!t-Beat-Me-Admit-Defeat said, “There are only a few ways to whitewash someone nowadays, and to prove Ye’s innocence from infidelity by emphasizing his valiant act, isn’t it a bit tiresome? Who would believe it? He’s a person on top of the pyramid, can he put down his dignity to help ordinary people’s children in a puddle?” 
User Favorite-An-Ying said, “Holy shit, are all the internet users above Sha Ye’s trolls? Can you please watch the entire video before commenting? 
Although I’m also upset with Ye for bullying our little carp, the video is clear. The man who shielded the child from torrential rain, even when he seemed like a drowned rat, isn’t that the incredibly handsome Ye Junqing? If you can, find me another man just as handsome!” 
The comment from User Favorite-An-Ying quickly became a top comment. 
Many of the Internet users who didn’t know the truth first looked at the comments, then watched the video, and they were stunned. 
Comparing with the official photo of Ye Junqing, the man trudging through the water in the rain and holding the child in the video turned out to be Ye? 
Who would have thought that Ye, who had been cursed by netizens for nearly an hour, would condescend to half-submerge in the water and rescue children one by one out of the bus? And to avoid the rain hitting the children’s faces, he even pressed their faces to his chest? 
Having just criticized Ye Junqing a moment ago, Netizens turned around to become his fans praising him after seeing the video. 
User Free-And-Beautiful said, “I’m a fan now, I am! Ye is so handsome! Did you see all the men helping Ye rescue the children? They all had Ye’s emblem on their collars – they must be Ye’s bodyguards! My God, even the bodyguards are so handsome, Ah, what to do, can I become a fan of Ye’s bodyguards instead? I’ve fallen for one of his bodyguards, please tell me his name, I’m in love, don’t fight over him with me.” 
User Rotating-Bubble said, “Although we’re used to calling Ye Junqing a monster, it is only because he doesn’t believe in marriage. Just look at the donations Ye Corporation makes every year to impoverished areas, and you’ll know that it has a tremendous sense of social responsibility. Now, he’s personally saving children. @TD_TV_Official, open your eyes and see what he’s doing in the rain while your cameras are slandering him!” 
User Chu Xiaotian said, “Everyone, quick look at the woman comforting the kids. Isn’t she the woman from the photos taken by TD TV station? Ah, I can’t see her face clearly through the raincoat, but I can see her taking the kids from Ye and his bodyguards, and then comforting them gently, wiping the rain off their faces, what is the truth behind all this?” 
Ye Xingguang was excitedly jumping up and down as he read through comment after comment: “Ha! The official WB account of our TV station has already begun clarifying the facts, and public opinion on the internet is starting to change. Everyone’s saying you are handsome! ” 
Ye, himself, was lounging on the sofa, watching her gleaming excitement with a cool indifference and replied perfunctorily, “Oh.” 
“This is amazing; I knew the truth would never be buried.” noveldrama
Ye Junqing propped his chin lazily, gazing at her excited face, completely uninterested in the dramatic shift in online sentiment.. His deep voice betrayed a hint of impatience, “What’s there to see? Aren’t you going to post
###Chapter 87: She is Scolded by the Entire 
Internet 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang said, “No need to post it. Won’t others then know that I, Ye 
Xingguang, am the Carp Girl? I’m not that silly!’ 
Lord Ye did not expect the Little Mermaid to change her mind faster than the weather, his voice sank: “Didn’t you want to announce it to the world just 
“The situation has changed. I’m going to bed now, and I have to work tomorrow. Good night!” Ye Xingguang cheerfully waved her hand and went upstairs to sleep. 
Lord Ye darkened his face quietly, but his eyes kept tracking Ye Xingguang. As soon as she disappeared into the staircase to the second floor, Ji Qishu received a call from Lord Ye and was scolded harshly. 
Ji Qishu is the one managing KOCO. Who else to vent his anger on if not Ji Qishu? 
Ji Qishu was so scolded that he was dazed and confused, “Lord Ye, 1 still don’t understand your point. Do you want me to remove the official Weibo post and let Lawson Perry continue to use you as material, to fight against Big T? Are you drunk?” 
Lord Ye held his phone silently, breathing heavily to express his discomfort. 
Ji Qishu swore on the phone, “That guy Lawson Perry is really a scumbag. I suspect it was he who sabotaged things behind the scenes, making Little Xingguang draw your name! He sees that Big T has irresistible support from the people and can’t find a place to attack him, so he uses the state-assigned partner issue to make waves. I can’t let him slander you and Big T!” 
“Click!” Lord Ye abruptly hung up the call. 
Ye Xingguang slept till she naturally woke up, and the first thing she did was check the news on her phone. 
Ever since KOCO posted the news video last night, public opinion has been overwhelmingly good. She stretched lazily, feeling refreshed, then opened her Weibo to casually check the comments. Suddenly, her eyes widened in disbelief. 
Why are there so many comments insulting her in the comment section? 
Aren’t this generation’s netizens different from previous generations? Didn’t they all practically worship her as the Carp Girl? 
But she saw many comments like these: 
“Slut! Lord Ye belongs to Xia Yanyan, you interfered and tore apart a fairy-like couple. Don’t you feel ashamed?” 
“What’s so great about a state-assigned match? Just because it’s state-assigned, you can shamelessly be a homewrecker? No wonder Lord Ye dislikes you! Give Lord Ye back to Xia Yanyan you shameless woman!” 
“There was an interview with a trapped primary school student who said that the big sister who saved her was the Super Mermaid. So, the person who patiently took care of the kids last night must have been Xia Yanyan!’ noveldrama
“Yes, it must have been Xia Yanyan. She was wearing a onesie raincoat and was being held by Lord Ye. He must have been afraid her feet would get wet. How tender and considerate. Now I finally understand.” 
“Heh… @CarpGirl, while you were at home crying about Lord Ye’s infidelity, Xia Yanyan was taking care of children in the heavy rain. Compare yourself to that. How could Lord Ye possibly like you?” 
There were many comments like these, which made her shake with anger. 
This was the first time she had been attacked. She had no psychological preparation. What happened that made netizens attack her like this? 
After a long search, Ye Xingguang finally found out why public opinion had shifted. 
It turns out that the maid dismissed by Lord Ye had leaked more information on Weibo. 
The maid said on Weibo: “The woman Lord Ye held in his arms last night was 
definitely Miss Xia Yanyan. Perhaps you don’t know, but Lord Ye and Miss Xia are about to marry, so they have stopped paying the single tax. But who would have thought that the Civil Affairs Bureau would actually release Lord Ye l s number and let people take turns, and it ended up being selected by 
@CarpGirl.. A perfect match was broken up, how could you ask Lord Ye to like 
@CarpGirl? If it were you, could you gladly accept it?”
###Chapter 88: The Woman Last Night Was Me! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang stared at the maid’s Weibo post, and was so angry she couldn’t calm down for a long time. She admitted the reality in the second half of the maid’s statement: indeed, Ye Junqing and Xia Yanyan were about to be engaged. However, it was not her fault to have a romantic encounter with Ye Junqing at this time, so why is she being branded as a mistress? 
If the state wants to pair Ye Junqing with her, and if big data insists that she and Ye Junqing make an excellent match, that must mean that the state and big data have an acute sense of judgment. Why shouldn’t she happily accept this? 
She is a patriotic and good citizen after all! 
She absolutely supports national policies and accepts national obligations! 
Ye Xingguang hugged the pillow firmly in her arms and tossed it repeatedly. They keep saying that she doesn’t match with him? She would exactly show them the reverse. Otherwise, she would feel choked! 
In a fit of anger, Ye Xingguang forwarded the maid’s Weibo post and commented: “Hahaha, it’s a pity that the sweetheart he was holding last night was me, the Carp Girl!” 
After posting, she forwarded the photo tweet last night from the official Weibo account of TD Television Station, to comment. 
The content posted by the official Weibo account of TD Television Station last night was: [Others are rescuing, while Ye Junqing is flirting in the rain. I wonder what the Carp Girl thinks about this scene?] 
The comment and repost by Ye Xingguang was: “l feel it’s very svveet, too sweet, thanks to TD Television Station for witnessing Ye Junqings tender and fond moments with me. Saved and set as wallpaper. It shows that when true love comes, it is irresistible.’ 
After posting these, Ye Xingguang tossed her phone aside, got out of bed, and went to wash up. 
After that round on Weibo, she felt refreshed, so refreshed that she didn’t feel irritated when she discovered her period had started in the washing room. She even ate a large bowl of beauty nourishing and blood replenishing black chicken soup for breakfast. 
Women should treat themselves more kindly. There’s no need to compromise! 
When Ye Junqing returned from his run, Ye Xingguang had already finished eating and was heading out for work, her bag over her shoulder. 
Before getting in the car, Ye Xingguang glared hard at Ye Junqing, then slammed the car door shut. 
Ye Junqing, wiping sweat with his towel, was left stunned: ‘ What’s up with her, acting pettish so early in the morning? 
Her period must have started! 
Just as he thought that, Ye Xingguang suddenly rolled down the car window, gave him a bright smile and sweetly said: “Sweetie, I am going to work now. 
Good morning!’ noveldrama
Ye Junqing, bathed in the dawn light, was left speechless: ‘ 
He was just about to say good morning when the car window was already pulled up. 
As soon as all car windows were closed, Ye Xingguang immediately rolled her eyes. She wouldn’t bother to put in effort to maintain the good relations with Ye Junqing in public if it weren’t for the fact everyone thought she was not good enough for him. She must make everyone see that she and Ye Junqing were going strong. Otherwise, even maids would post on Weibo and label her a mistress! 
KOCO Television Station. 
As soon as she got to work, Ye Xingguang heard her colleagues discussing the two Weibo posts made by the Carp Girl early in the morning. 
Including the department head, everyone surrounded Chang Qinghua and Bai Sheng, asking them incessantly whether the woman who helped rescue children in the pouring rain wearing a raincoat was Xia Yanyan or the Carp Girl. 
The department head was exceptionally excited, bombarding the two with questions. 
“Qin Hua, didn’t you report on the entire process of rescuing the school children? You must know who that woman was last night, right?” 
“And Bai Sheng, didn’t you record the whole thing with your camera? Is there a shot that clearly captured the woman’s face?”
###Chapter 89: For her, slap Xia Yanyan in the face? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguangs heart pounded. She had been so impulsive this morning, she had forgotten that Teacher Chang and Teacher Bai knew that the woman who was embraced by Ye Junqing in her rain suit last night was her! 
Indeed, when Ye Xingguang came in, Chang Qinghua and Bai Sheng cast a glance at her in unison. 
Who would have thought, the Carp Girl they had been looking for over ten days was right under their noses! 
It’s indeed darkest under the lamp! 
The other people in the department, following the director’s lead, continued to ask questions. 
Chang Qinghua and Bai Sheng looked at each other, shaking their heads in unison. 
Chang Qinghua said: “The rain was too heavy last night, and the woman was wearing a rain suit, her face was mostly covered by the hat of the raincoat, I couldn’t see clearly. But I can confirm that she was not Xia Yanyan.” 
Bai Sheng also said: “l was just focusing on filming Ye Junqing and his bodyguard, I didn’t pay much attention to the girl.” 
The department director slapped his thigh: “How could we not pay attention? 
We missed out on a big news. Now the internet is in chaos. If Ye Junqing likes Xia Yanyan, then the video provided by Ye Xingguang yesterday cannot be released now. We were originally hoping to let things ferment a little, and today the video release would completely embarrass those media competitors.” 
Chang Qinghua and Bai Sheng remained silent. 
Before long, Ye Xingguang was called out by Chang Qinghua for an interview. 
Apparently, the respected elder in the music world, Old Master Gu, had heard a very pleasing piece of music while dining at a restaurant last night. Old Master Gu, in order to find the pianist, posted a notice on Weibo and wanted to ask the media to help spread the word. 
In the interview car, Bai Sheng was driving, Chang Qinghua sat in the passenger seat, and Ye Xingguang sat in the backseat. 
With no one else around, the two of them had nothing to worry about. They immediately confronted Ye Xingguang, insisting she confess! 
Ye Xingguang pleaded: “Teacher Chang, Teacher Bai, thank you for not exposing me, I assure you I’ll treat you to dinner.” 
Chang Qinghua glanced at her: “We were simply instructed by the higher-ups to keep our mouths shut, otherwise who would sacrifice such a big news story for you?” 
Ye Xingguang chuckled: “Still, I am very grateful to you both. If I had been exposed, my life would have been greatly affected. I would attract attention from the whole internet on every move I make, possibly even being surrounded and photographed while shopping, living a tiring life like a celebrity. The thought alone is terrifying.” noveldrama
Chang Qinghua said sympathetically: “Are you finally afraid now? Have a look yourself, how much heated discussion have those two Weibo posts of yours stirred up this morning? You ought to know Xia Yanyan’s influence among the public. Her fans have already cursed you out under your Weibo post! If you fight her, you won’t even know how you die!” 
Ye Xingguang thought to herself: Die then die, who’s afraid of whom? 
Teacher Bai Sheng regretfully said: “Last night, the higher-ups asked me to cut all the parts in the video that could clearly see your face. It’s now not easy to prove that the girl last night was you. You need to be mentally prepared, those two Weibo posts you made won’t convince anyone without Ye Junqing standing up and verifying that the person in the video was you. Otherwise, public opinion will definitely favor the national treasure goddess Xia Yanyan, not you!’ 
After all, one would be naturally partial to their own interns. Chang Qinghua also said: “Do you have the ability to make Ye Junqing willingly admit that the girl last night was you?” 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “But…how is that possible?” 
How could Ye Junqing, that big troublemaker, possibly go against Xia Yanyan for her sake?
###Chapter 90: Grandpa Qing Laughs Again! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Today, Ye Junqing is going on a business trip to City Z to attend the Fifth World Business Conference. At this moment, he is preparing for a keynote speech by studying conference materials on his private jet, not having time to pay attention to Weibo. 
Even when he is not busy, he’s usually not interested in scrolling through Weibo, even though Junxing Weibo is a subsidiary company of the Ye Corporation. 
Ye Junqing’s private jet has Wi-Fi, so Xiao Yun, his bodyguard, sat idly on the private jet browsing Weibo. 
He followed Koi Girl on Weibo. 
Ever since the maid’s Weibo went live last night, many have flocked to Koi 
Girl’s Weibo to hurl insults, although the level of aggression then was milder. 
However, after Miss Ye responded to two comments this morning, she instantly provoked XIA fans. Now these fans are swarming under her Weibo posts with aggressive comments, turning Koi Girl’s Weibo into a disaster zone. 
Even Xiao Yun could not bear to read those malicious comments. 
“Boss, take a look at Weibo.’ 
Xiao Yun handed over his mobile phone, thinking that it was his duty to inform his boss. If not him, who else? Would Fu Zhuo inform his boss? 
Fu Zhuo was most likely still trying to figure out why he got sent away by the boss last night. 
As predicted, Fu Zhuo frowned and said: “Xiao Yun, the boss is busy now. He doesn’t have the leisure to check Weibo.’ 
At the moment, Ye Junqing was indeed busy with various documents and didn’t have the time to browse Weibo. He didn’t even raise his eyelids at Fu Zhuo’s words. 
Xiao Yun straight to the point: “The dismissed maid posted on Weibo that Miss Xia is your true love, and that Miss Ye is the mistress who came between you and Miss Xia. Now, Miss Ye is being cursed all over the internet…” 
Ye Junqings reading halted, his dangerous gaze sweeping towards Xiao Yun as he reached out to take the phone from him. 
The next second, he saw Koi Girl continuously confessing her love to him on Weibo and saying that true love is unstoppable? 
This… 
The proud man couldn’t control the curve of his lips. 
Seeing his boss’s face filled with tranquillity when reading the Weibo insults directed at Miss Ye, Fu Zhuo realized that the boss’s love for Miss Xia indeed ran deep… 
However, very soon, Fu Zhuo noticed that the boss’s frown deepened, and his face didn’t look in good spirits. 
Then, after tossing the phone to Xiao Yun, the boss took out his own phone and logged in to Weibo. 
Due to the angle, he couldn’t quite make out what the boss was doing. 
Soon, the boss put away his phone, picked up the World Business Conference materials, and resumed working. 
Curious about what the boss had posted from his phone, Fu Zhuo took out his own phone to sneak a peek, only to find that his phone died and turned off automatically. 
Just then, Fu Zhuo noticed a slight, calm smile on the boss’s otherwise cold face. He was still focused on his documents. 
Fu zhuo: 
What was he so happy about? 
Before he could figure it out, three minutes later, the boss laughed again! 
Fu ZhUO: ”  r, 
Ten minutes later, Fu Zhuo saw the usually expressionless, even grave Ye Junqing while reading documents, burst into laughter again. 
Fu zhuo: r . noveldrama
Could he say that the boss’s smile looked rather smug? Unable to contain his curiosity anymore, Fu Zhuo asked. 
“Boss, is there something so amusing?” 
“Am I amused?” 
With his thoughts exposed, Ye Junqing withdrew the hint of a smile from the corners of his lips. 
Fu Zhuo didn’t feel like playing dumb. 
“You’ve laughed more than five times within twenty minutes.” 
Ye Junqing smoothed his brows and exaggeratedly responded with seriousness: “Have I?”
###Chapter 91: The Best is Yet to Come 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Fu Zhuo really wanted to bring out a mirror for Qingye to look at his handsome face, just how cocky could he really get? 
Last week, one of his buddies confessed his decade-long crush to a girl, and when his marriage proposal was accepted, his expression was nothing compared to the cheeky grin on Qingye’s face right now. 
Fu Zhuo couldn’t handle it anymore, he quickly charged his phone and sneakily found a moment to turn it on and open Weibo. 
He had to figure out why Qingye was wearing such a sneaky smile. 
He had no clue until he saw it, then he was completely baffled. 
This… 
The International Music Festival was held in the music resort in the outskirts of the Imperial City, attended by many renowned figures from the music industry. 
Being the undisputed queen of the music industry, Xia Yanyan stepped out of her luxurious nanny van, and flashes started going off 
Renowned for her uniqueness, her demeanour carried a cultivated sense of nobility and confidence from her childhood, which was utterly fascinating. 
She casually took the pen handed to her by the event host to sign the wall, and then stood in the middle of the red carpet, effortlessly striking a few poses for the media photographers. 
Ye Xingguang, standing amidst the journalists, was indifferent to her. 
Instead, Ling Han, who entered the scene afterwards, caught her attention. 
As Ling Han held onto Elder Gu e s hand, her aura was equally strong, emanating a transformational elegance with every move. 
Xia Yanyan cast a sidelong glance at Elder Gu and Ling Han, who were following closely behind. A hint of disdainful laughter flitted across her noble eyes. 
After she sat down at the inauguration, her assistant Ye Li reached to Xia Yanyan’s side, expressing a certain indignation: “l don’t know what’s so special about Ling Han to merit Elder Gu t s attention. She’s only been active for three years, yet she dreams of vying for the music charts with you. Overly ambitious, if you ask me.” 
Xia Yanyan laughed it off: “Her singing isn’t too bad, unfortunately, she can 
only sing, not compose. It’s a bit insulting to compare her to me.” noveldrama
Ye Li nodded proudly and said: “What you said is true, Miss Xia. Elder Gu tweeted that he couldn’t stop thinking about a piano piece he heard in the Crystal Pavilion lobby at eight last night. You were the only one there at that time, playing the piano. It would be quite amusing if Elder Gu discovered that the person he’s been yearning for is you.” 
Xia Yanyan laughed proudly, her eyes full of limitless confidence: “So, the real show is yet to come. Why so impatient? Remember this, no one in this world can be compared to me, got it?” 
Ye Li nodded firmly, and then let out a chuckle: “This morning, Carp Girl berated you on Weibo twice, and now she’s being verbally attacked by netizens. Even those who sympathised and supported her before have changed sides. It’s so satisfying. Now the public finally knows that she’s a shameless homewrecker who tried to steal your fiancé. I wonder how she’ll continue to put on her self-righteous act on Weibo.” 
“That little White Lotus ah…” Xia Yanyan leisurely spat out a few words. 
Then she let out a sarcastic laugh. 
“I’ve never seen anyone as shameless as she is in being a homewrecker. She’s fully aware that Ye Junqing doesn’t like her, yet she instigated Xiao Mi Hu to openly accuse me of being the third wheel. Persevering in her futile efforts only led to Junqing despising her more. This brainless White Lotus doesn’t realize that the more she tries, the more Junqing will worry about me. Hand me my phone, I want to see how she’s being trashed online..”
###Chapter 92: Are they crazy, is this the official announcement? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Thinking of a man who was so influential in Country A that he could be described as covering the sky with one hand, and who was devoted solely to her, waves of sweetness swept across Xia Yanyan’s heart. 
Although all the men in the world wanted to marry her, only a few were truly worthy of her. And the man she valued just happened to hold only her in his heart. 
Regardless of how the state arranged things, after Ye Shiting won the presidential election, Ye Junqing would have no more concerns. She didn’t need to do anything now, only wait patiently. As for whose fate the petals would fall upon, it was far too early to know the outcome. 
Thinking this, she took the phone that Ye Li handed to her. 
The online personality Koi Girl had posted three tweets. She clicked on the top one, giving a cold laughter at the glaring words, “True love is unstoppable.” 
Then she clicked on the comments, curious to see how netizens were scolding the shameless White Lotus. 
Netizen Little Ancestor: “Ahh, it’s so sweet, to live to see Mr. Ye act so protectively.” 
Netizen Growing Old With You: “I’m going crazy, is this an official announcement? 1 want the same wallpaper! This wave of dog food is surprisingly delicious! ” 
Netizen The One That I Love: “Poor Koi Girl, I should apologize for my harsh words this morning, my mouth deserves to be smacked. My colleagues are asking why I’m laughing so sweetly, haha, I’m heading to the civil affairs bureau to get my match!” 
Netizen My Beloved An Ying: “Retweeting @Koi Girl, daily request for the state to match me with the same man, I’m in love!!!” 
What is happening? 
The superior smile Xia Yanyan had been maintaining, enjoying Ye Xingguang being scolded, had not yet fully faded when her expression changed to that of disappointment. 
Refusing to give up, she continued scrolling through the comments. 
But every single one was similar! 
Wasn’t it said that White Lotus had been berated online? 
Xia Yanyan was finally able to find a comment: 
“Shameless! Ye Junqing belongs to Xia Yanyan. To come between them and break up such a perfect pair, don’t you feel ashamed?” 
But, every comment below this one was like this: 
“Who are you calling shameless? Don’t you understand arranged marriage by the country? I curse that you will be labeled a homewrecker after you’re forced to the civil affairs bureau to meet your match!” 
“Ye Junqing belongs to Koi Girl, Xia Yanyan belongs to all the men in Country 
Refusing to be tied down, Xia Yanyan is my wife, confirmed.” 
“My boyfriend also considers Xia Yanyan as a goddess and our home is filled with her photos, should I curse Xia Yanyan, for coming between us? I don’t understand what’s so good about Xia Yanyan, isn’t she just a fish?” 
“Right, don’t you understand the official assignments? Even Ye himself made it official. don’t vou understand what an arranged marriage in a big familv is for? It’s all about benefits, there’s no real love. How could they have been torn apart? It just proved that destiny plays its hand, those without love are doomed to separation!” 
“Miss Xia, Miss Xia, what’s wrong? You look upset. There are many cameras around and they could pan to your face at any moment. Please control your expression.” whispered Ye Li. 
The next second, Xia Yanyan really did notice several cameras trying to capture her expression. 
Xia Yanyan clenched her phone, forcing herself to maintain her noble and elegant expression. The comments said that Ye Junqing made it official. What did this mean? 
With her slender and attractive fingers, Xia Yanyan clicked on Ye Junqings Twitter profile. 
Ye Junqings Twitter account had been inactive for years, but he had posted three times today. Seeing the posts, her confident and elegant countenance almost shattered. 
How…how is this possible? 
Why would Ye Junqing post these on his Twitter?noveldrama
###Chapter 93: Leave No One Behind!_l 
Translator: 549690339 
In the media area, Ye Xingguang noticed that many reporters were directing their cameras at Xia Yanyan, who was sitting in the VIP seats, and whispering among themselves. 
This was not an unusual scenario, given that Xia Yanyan was indeed a national treasured actress. What was strange, however, were the comments the reporters were whispering to each other, which she couldn’t quite understand. What did they mean by ‘the national treasure was slapped in the face by Ye’s big tumor’? 
Confused, Ye Xingguang did what Chang Qinghua would do in such a situation – immediately took out her phone and opened Weibo. 
Without even needing to search, the top three posts on the Weibo’s leaderboard were all from Ye Junqing. 
As expected of the BOSS of Jun Xing Weibo, even though the comments and forwarding counts had not yet fully surfaced, the staff of Jun Xing Weibo had already put him on the trending list. 
Then she realized that two of the posts Ye Junqing had made were reposts of her tweets from this morning. 
Upon closer inspection, Ye Xingguang could hardly believe what she saw. She rubbed her eyes vigorously before giving the posts another read. 
Haha, it’s a pity that the beloved sweetheart he held in his arms last night was actually this Carp Girl! 
After reposting, Ye Junqing made a simple and brutal comment: Fool, it’s always been you [Hug][Heart] 
It feels so sweet, too sweet. Thank you, TD TV, for witnessing the gentle and doting side of Ye Junqing towards me. Now saved in my collection, and set as my wallpaper, the fact is, true love is unstoppable. 
After reposting, Ye Junqing commented, blinding her with his words: So you just found out that true love is unstoppable? Little fool [Head Pat] 
He was blatantly calling her a fool, a little fool in front of the entire internet, yet at this moment, Ye Xingguang couldn’t find it in herself to get angry. She couldn’t help but smile. 
She pinched her own cheeks, telling herself: Be serious, stop smiling! 
Yet, she couldn’t stop her face from grinning… 
Immediately after, her eyes landed on the third trending topic. This time, Ye Junqing not only reposted someone’s comment but also tagged someone else. 
Ye Junqings post read: @Jing Tian Agency, send lawyer letters to everyone who badmouthed @CarpGirl, don’t let anyone off! 
As expected of the big tumor, handling things so straightforwardly! 
Fu Zhuo happened to open Weibo at that moment, and seeing the post made by Ye Junqing, he was just filled with question marks. noveldrama
Unable to find words to describe his shock, Fu Zhuo unconsciously blurted out: “Boss Ye, are you really going to send a lawyer’s letter to everyone who badmouthed Miss Ye? Are you serious? There are thousands, if not tens of thousands of people who badmouthed Miss Ye.” 
Ye Junqing, who was focused on reading a speech for the World Economic Conference, didn’t even bat an eyelid, and casually retorted: “Am I short on lawyer fees?” 
Fu zhuo: 
Thanks to Ye Junqings post, countless internet trolls were frantically deleting their posts. They feared being a step too late and leaving a screenshot as evidence, then receiving a lawyer’s letter from the Detestable Ye, who knows if he will do as he said? 
Everyone is insignificant in real life, some are even still on campus, never having encountered any storms. The idea of receiving a lawyer’s letter is terrifying, just thinking about it. 
After seeing the trending topics, Chang Qinghua clapped Ye Xingguangs back and whispered: “Xingguang, well done, you actually did it?” 
“Did what?” 
She was still in a daze. 
Chang Qinghua gave her a knowing look, leaned in her ear and said: “The three posts Ye Junqing made, slapped some fans’ faces, leaving them disoriented. I’ll call the station now, the video you gave the station yesterday is perfect to release now! How did you do it? How did you manage to get Ye Junqing to support you so strongly?” 
l… I want to know too! 
Can someone tell me what on earth is happening? 
[Author’s Note: Lalala, asking for your daily support, seeking votes, seeking
###Chapter 94: Did Your Emotional Intelligence Get Eaten Up By Your IQ?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Fu Zhuo also wanted to know what was going on, why did his boss suddenly endorse Miss Ye on social media, wasn’t this a slap to Miss Xia’s face? 
Fu Zhuo wanted to ask, but Xiao Yun had already pulled him into the bathroom of the private plane. 
Xiao Yun feared Fu Zhuo would blurt out his thoughts, which might enrage the boss and get him kicked off the plane! 
However, Fu Zhuo was oblivious to his good intentions: “Why are you dragging me?” 
“I’m afraid you would die without knowing why.” 
Fu ZhUO: ”  r, 
Not only the boss but even Xiao Yun wanted to bash Fu Zhuo’s head: “Secretary Fu, has your intellect devoured your emotional intelligence?” 
Fu Zhuo’s complexion stiffened. 
Xiao Yun leaned casually with his hands leisurely tucked in his pockets: Still haven’t figured out why the boss kicked you out of the car last night?” 
Speaking of this, Fu Zhuo seemed vexed, “l thought about it all night.” 
“And the result?” 
Fu Zhuo appeared clueless. 
Xiao Yun looked at Fu Zhuo in disbelief, indeed, those with high intelligence often lacked emotional intelligence. After a moment of thought, Xiao Yun said: “Secretary Fu, have you heard the saying, ‘In love, if you step forward, I can step ten thousand steps forward. But if you step back, I’ll go home and lock the door.’ 
Fu Zhuo asked: “So what is it you’re trying to say?” noveldrama
Xiao Yun pondered, “This might be the boss’s attitude towards Miss Ye, like a frightened bird that yearns, yet resists more than anyone else. Eager to be provoked, once provoked, he can’t help but want to fly to cloud nine.” 
Maybe the boss had been seriously hurt in love before, but at the moment, he had no clue. What kind of past did the boss and Miss Ye have? 
Fu Zhuo, the grown man, was shocked: “How can that be!!!” 
But today’s social media posts from the boss had reached out to the Milky Way! 
And after posting on social media, the boss had smirked more than five times in twenty minutes. This was not the boss Fu Zhuo knew! 
Xia Yanyan also couldn’t believe it. She was racking her brains trying to figure out why Ye Junqing would publicly confess his love on social media? 
From the beginning to the end of the opening ceremony, she had an unsettled feeling. 
Her pride did not allow such a thing to happen! 
There must be a political reason! 
Otherwise, Ye Junqing, who loved her deeply, how could he embarrass her? 
Just a few days ago, in an interview, Ye Junqing coldly stated there was no chance of love developing over time! 
Xia Yanyan was like a proud queen, her prideful gaze barely glancing towards Ye Xingguang in the media area. She looked down on her like an ant, as if to say: Well…White Lotus, don’t be arrogant. It’s just political needs. Do you really think Ye Junqing is into you? 
Ye Xingguang noticed the look Xia Yanyan gave her and simply ignored it! 
She shifted her focus to the stage. 
The opening ceremony was nearing its end, and the host invited Master Gu on stage for the closing remarks. 
The host, aware of Master Gu’s search announcement on social media, jokingly asked him on-stage, what kind of piano piece could make him reminisce like this? 
“In all my life, I wish to hear it once again.” 
With this comment on the piano piece he heard last night, Master Gu instantly piqued the interest of the music industry colleagues on and off the stage. 
Many began to whisper amongst themselves. 
Only Xia Yanyan remained, maintaining an even more dignified posture, 
If she stood up at this moment and told Master Gu that she was the one who played the piano last night, could she retrieve her lost dignity and divert the media’s focus? 
Ye Li, picking up on her silent cue, immediately stood up and took the microphone, “Master Gu, thank you for your high praise of our Sister Xia. To tell you the truth, Sister Xia did play a piano piece in the lobby of Jing Cai Xuan at around eight o’clock last night..”
###Chapter 95: Only Deserve to Admire Her Radiance from Below 1 
Translator: 549690339 
At her words, all eyes fell on Xia Yanyan, full of envy. 
Especially the other pop stars… 
Who doesn’t want to earn Mr. Gu’s appreciation? 
Just look at Ling Han. If he’s appreciated by Mr. Gu, it’s hard not to become famous! 
Xia Yanyan, radiant as a leading lady, gently tugged at her sleeve, seemingly speaking in a soft voice, but everyone around could hear her: “Didn’t I tell you to hold off until after the opening ceremony?” 
Ye Li had already mastered this type of interaction. She continued with her microphone, “Sister Xia, I know you usually prefer to keep a low profile. However, your newly created music piece has been recognized by Mr. Gu. I’m happy for you. Why don’t you do something beautiful for everyone and play a song on stage? You can fulfill Mr. Gu t s wish, and conclude the opening ceremony of this international art festival in grand style?” 
The male and female presenters were stirring up the atmosphere on stage. 
The male presenter: “Wow, this really is an unexpected surprise for the opening ceremony of the music industry. We can listen to the new song of the music master, Xia Yanyan, which is yet to be released. Don’t keep us waiting! Even Mr. Gu wants to hear it again in his lifetime. We all want to enjoy it, right or not?” 
Below the stage, thunderous applause broke out. 
The female presenter: “Mr. Gu, what do you think?” 
Mr. Gu was taken slightly aback. He hadn’t expected the song he heard last night to have been played by Xia Yanyan? 
After returning home last night, he was certain he’d never heard the song before. He initially wanted to find the creator of the song, buy it and include it in Ling Han’s new album. Now it seemed his plans were dashed. 
Nevertheless, being able to hear great music had put Mr. Gu in a good mood, so he gave a positive nod. 
The presenters were playfully stirring the pot again, hoping Xia Yanyan would go on stage and perform, even having a piano brought on stage for her. 
Feeling the strong sentiment, Xia Yanyan finally got up, smiled gracefully, “Then I will oblige.” 
As she sat on the stage under the watchful eyes of the crowd, she opened the piano lid. Before her fingertips danced on the piano keys, she glanced down at the audience. Everyone saw her radiant smile and the elegant high society lady she was. Only Xia Yanyan knew that she only wanted to give an arrogant look to Ye Xingguang in the audience. 
In this world, the person who could defeat her hasn’t been born yet! 
Pride and brilliance, they were destined to belong to Xia Yanyan! 
And that trivial, insignificant nobody was only fit to admire her dazzling brilliance from below the stage. 
Ye Xingguang slightly furrowed her brows, almost thinking Mr. Gu was talking about her. After all, she’d vented her emotions playing the piano in the Crystal House lobby last night. So Xia Yanyan had also played? 
So disappointing! 
Although Ye Xingguang didn’t want to listen, she couldn’t prevent the piano music from entering her ears by covering them. 
Listening carefully to Xia Yanyan’s new work, she puckered her lips, “Her style hasn’t changed. Nice as always, but most of Xia Yanyan’s music has this same style. After hearing it so much it causes people to grow tired, hardly giving any wow factor. So this is what Mr. Gu can’t get over?” 
As the music ended, the venue was filled with rolling applause. 
Xia Yanyan thoroughly enjoyed this applause and the spotlight. 
She gracefully stood up and walked over to Mr. Gu, picking up the microphone handed over by the female host. noveldrama
The male host was already eager to pour out compliments: “Wow, thank you 
Xia Yanyan for bringing us such a magnificent auditory feast. No wonder even Mr. Gu can’t forget it, it’s really too pleasant. Mr.. Gu, even you didn’t expect your wish would be realized so quickly, did you?”
###Chapter 96: How is She Supposed to Step Down Today?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Before the old man Gu could speak, the female host laughed and said in agreement: “Do I even need to say? I’ve seen music critics online who said that 
Xia Yanyan maintains her long-term dominance in the music charts only due to the beauty of the siren-like vocals and her nationwide influence. Now, Mr. Gu praises her without even having seen her, that’s something we only see once in a lifetime. Isn’t this indirectly slapping some critics in the face?” noveldrama
Xia Yanyan also disliked those crude music critics who lacked basic manners. Unfortunately, being popular invites criticism. 
In this world, what’s most plentiful is envy. She has been accustomed to others’ jealousy since she was young. All she needed to do was stand at an unrivaled height, watching with amusement those who were envious of her, but could only see her becoming more and more successful. 
Xia Yanyan held the microphone with a humble smile: “I didn’t expect my unreleased single could earn Mr. Gu t s respect. Thank you for your recognition, 
Mr. Gil.” 
From the initial notes of Xia Yanyan’s performance, Old Man Gu realized that it was not the tune he had heard the previous night. However, he was a dignified man who would rather not publicly criticize others. 
When the male host had asked him earlier, he had simply smiled. He did not expect the female host to use his reputation to flatter Xia Yanyan. 
Regrettably, one of the critics was his longtime friend, and Old Man Gu did not want to be laughed at by his old friend, saying that he was obsessed with Xia Yanyan’s new song which was just more of the same. 
Old Man Gu calmly began: “This new song is undeniably good…” 
Before Old Man Gu could finish, Xia Yanyan bowed again: “Thank you. I’ve put a lot of effort into this song. I originally wanted to include it in the album I released earlier this year, but my standards told me it needed more work, so it hasn’t been released yet. I didn’t expect to receive such high praise from you, Mr. Gu, after an impromptu performance at the hotel. I haven’t figured out what to name this song. Mr. Gu, would you mind if I named it ‘Once in a Lifetime?” 
“Sorry, I do mind.” 
“Huh?” Xia Yanyan was taken aback, apparently not understanding. 
Regret filled Old Man Gu t s voice: “Your song is indeed good. However, unfortunately, it is not my ‘Once in a Lifetime.’” 
Almost losing her composure, Xia Yanyan subconsciously said: “How could that be?” 
Below the stage, everyone started to stir. Competition was inevitable among peers, and many singers who had been overshadowed by Xia Yanyan straightened up, attentively watching the unexpected twist onstage. 
“It’s not?” The female host also chimed in. 
Old Man Gu shook his head: “No, although this song is very nice, it didn’t leave a memory I can’t forget. I hope the media friends here can help spread the message and help me find my ‘Once in a Lifetime.’ I also hope that the mysterious person from last night, if they see this news, can contact me.” 
Xia Yanyan’s face turned pale, then flushed. What did Old Man Gu mean by saying her song was nice, but not enough to be his ‘Once in a Lifetime’? Wasn’t this slapping her face in front of the entire national audience? 
How could she leave the stage today? 
“Mr. Gu, I have a few other songs in my new album. Would you like to listen to another one?” She had to save her dignity no matter what happened today. Otherwise, it would be a huge embarrassment for her. Things were already going wrong today! 
Old Man Gu, however, waved his hand: “It’s not necessary, your song is nice, it’s just not what I’m looking for.” 
At this point, from the media area below the stage, an elegant voice suddenly asked: “Mr.. Gu, is the song you heard something like this?”
###Chapter 97: The Real Finale_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was unsure if the elderly Master Gu had actually heard her play. Therefore, she wanted to be cautious. She didn’t want to recklessly take the stage and have her face metaphorically slapped like Xia Yanyan did. 
Master Gu, without seeing who was speaking, asked, “Who’s talking? Can you hum a few bars for me?” 
Ye Xingguang raised her hand, immediately drawing the attention of everyone in the room. 
She didn’t get stage fright. Relying on her memory, she hummed a few bars casually. 
Master Gu reacted as if he had discovered a treasure. “Yes, that’s the tune! 
Were you the girl playing the piano in the lobby of Jingcai Pavilion last night?” “It wasn’t me, it was a friend of mine,” Ye Xingguang denied. 
Master Gu pursued, “Then who is this friend? Can you give me her contact information?” 
Ye Xingguang responded, “Her name is Yue Xi. She tends to keep a low profile and doesn’t like to be in the limelight. However, she would be willing to fulfill Master Gu’s wishes. Would Master Gu be willing to wait until after the opening ceremony for a chance to hear the piece she composed?” 
Master Gu asked, “Can you play the piano?” 
“Yes,” she replied. 
“Then why wait till the ceremony ends? We have a piano right here on stage. 
Would anyone to listening along with me?” 
After already undermining Xia Yanyan, if she couldn’t deliver a better song, the fans of Xia would undoubtedly persist. The best course of action now was to play a piece even more heart-stirring to prove that her life’s work indeed surpassed Xia’s new song. 
The male host, unsure of how to mediate the situation, immediately relieved upon hearing the words. He promptly went down to invite Ye Xingguang onto the stage. 
The audience was more than willing. Who wouldn’t want to hear the song that had captivated Master Gu t s heart and outdone Xia Yanyan’s new song? 
Ye Xingguang took the stage and sat in front of the piano. 
Last night’s piece was composed on the fly. She left when her taxi arrived, so she hadn’t completed the song. Now, she decided to improvise on stage and continue the unfinished piece. 
Just like Xia Yanyan, she was a natural when it came to mastering music, born with a superior ability compared to others. 
Perhaps due to a shift in her mood. Thinking of the post by Ye Junqing, the rest of the piece strayed from its previous bitterness, each note bouncing with a hint of sweetness. 
Music is the most resonant form of expression. Its quality is immediately recognizable. Not only the musicians in the audience, but even those in the media area with less musical ability could tell, this song was indeed beautiful. 
In a word: While beautiful songs are dime a dozen, a heartfelt melody is one in a million. 
Indeed, it was a lifetime masterpiece for Master Gu! 
Who would have thought that with so many singers performing at the opening ceremony, the limelight would finally be stolen by a journalist using the mysterious composer Yue Xi? 
Xia Yanyan was furious. She never expected that she would be outshone by a little White Lotus today. 
Skipping all the activities after the ceremony, she immediately made her escape in her nannies car before the journalists could crowd around her. 
The moment she got into the car, she stripped off all her poise and elegance, angrily throwing her phone, “Find out what kind of unbearable pressure made Ye Junqing so supportive of that White Lotus today, letting her steal the show time after time, shamelessly basking in my glory!! 
Ye Li didn’t dare to breathe loudly. She handed her phone forward timorously, 
“Xia… Xia… Look at this… KOCO TV station’s official Weibo just posted this… Ye 
Junqing personally cooked a steak for that White Lotus..”noveldrama
###Chapter 98: Head Back to the Imperial City 
Now! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
“What did you say?” Xia Yanyan’s face was extremely unpleasant as she took the phone to watch the video. She hadn’t even watched a third of it before she threw the phone violently again. 
“Investigate! Investigate immediately! There must be a deeper reason, otherwise, Ye wouldn’t be putting up such a show.” 
Was this really just a show? 
Why did she feel that every move of Mr. Ye in the video naturally revealed an enviable amount of indulgence? 
Ye Li dared not say this out loud. Seeing Xia Yanyan continue to throw a fit, she quickly appeased her: “Miss Xia, don’t be upset. Your fans will definitely come down hard on that Miss Ye for stealing your thunder today.” 
Only when Xia Yanyan thought about her unique standing in the hearts of the public, was she able to vent her resentment: “She wants to step on me to raise herself up? I’ll see how she goes about digging her own grave.” 
However, could Yanyan be soothed only by the defense of her fans? 
Xia Yanyan pondered for a long time, then suddenly settled her face from rage, comfortably leaning back in the leather chair, pressing her forehead, she lazily commanded, “Take me to the hospital, call the National Treasure Committee and tell them the Ye’s maid sold me out, 1 fainted out of anger, I want to make Ye care about me till he dies! Also, pay the maid off not to speak against me.” 
After thinking about it, she still felt indignant. If the old master Gu and that white lotus dared to slap her in the face like this, she didn’t plan to let those two get away with it! 
Z City, at the venue of the World Business Conference. noveldrama
In the large assembly hall, more than five hundred business elites from around the world were seated. 
Ye sat elegantly and nobly on the stage, discussing world economic trends with a few big shots at a heavyweight business symposium that lasted until evening. 
After it ended, Ye wanted to go to the restroom. 
Xiao Yun met him just as he walked out of the grand assembly hall. 
“Mr. Ye, the driver responsible for shuttling Miss Ye informed me that she was invited by the National Treasure Committee for tea.” 
Ye’s expression darkened: “What’s going on?” 
Xiao Yun: “The details are still uncertain, but rumor has it that the venerable 
Master Gu from the music world was also taken in.’ 
Ye’s cold brows furrowed: “The National Treasure Committee? Did she offend Xia Yanyan?” 
Xiao Yun: “It’s rumored that Miss Xia fainted out of anger. Many online comments are saying that the Ye’s maid, not satisfied with being fired, wanted to retaliate against the carp girl, even going so far as to entrap Miss Xia, which led to the clueless fans of Xia to curse the carp girl under her Weibo, causing innocent Miss Xia to be implicated and faint from anger.” 
Ye changed his direction to the restroom and strode towards the corridor outside, asking while walking, “What does this have to do with Starlight? Does the National Treasure Committee know that she’s the carp girl?” 
“Well… Master Gu heard a beautiful piece of music last night in Jings, Miss Xia said that the music was hers, but Master Gu contradicted her. At this point, 
Miss Ye stood up and said that the music was her friend’s. Miss Ye and Master 
Gu t s invitation for tea by the National Treasure Committee is likely related to this matter.’ 
“You know, the National Treasure Committee is the department specifically set up for Xia Yanyan by the state. We only have one precious mermaid in the country, listed as a national first-level protected animal. As long as the National Treasure Committee feels that Miss Xia has been damaged in any way, they will invite people for tea. The motto of the National Treasure Committee has always been – the national treasure is sacrosanct and must not be violated.’ 
Ye snorted: “It’s ridiculous that such a department as the National Treasure Committee has not been disbanded till now, it’s simply a waste of taxpayers’ money! Notify the airport immediately, arrange a flight, and return to the imperial city now! “
###Chapter 99: Two births in three years, a litter in ten years_l noveldrama
Translator: 549690339 
In the investigation room of the National Treasures Committee, Ye Xingguang and elder Gu had been interrogated for half an hour. 
Ye Xingguang stuck to one statement: “I’m just a journalist, with no intention of disrespecting the national treasures. I was only asked by Yue Xi to play a song for elder Gu. Besides, I didn’t choose to go on stage, the host dragged me up there. I got shot while lying down!” 
The investigator from the National Treasures Committee was obviously not satisfied with her response, “We understand the situation. It was a farce that made Miss Xia unable to get off stage, you shouldn’t have spoken out. Haven’t you realized your mistake yet?” 
She swallowed back a torrent of curses! 
Seeing her lack of remorse, the investigator sternly said, “Given today’s circumstances, a good citizen should have proactively helped Miss Xia out of the awkward situation. But what did you guys do? One of the reasons Miss Xia was so upset that she had to be hospitalized was because of your actions! If something happened to Miss Xia and the national treasures were gone, could you bear this responsibility?” 
“Remember, the country only has one unique mermaid like Miss Xia, who is the image ambassador for our country in the world and a lucky charm in the hearts of the people, embodying a sacred and regal symbolism. As citizens, we should love and protect her. If she is harmed, the national treasures will face extinction, which would be a great loss for our nation!” 
WHAT?! 
Unable to control herself, Ye Xingguang blurted out, “If there’s a fear of extinction, then let her get married and have children soon. Isn’t our country suffering from severe aging? Let her have more kids, two in three years, a litter in ten years. Not only would this help increase the population, it would add to the number of national treasures too. Then, we can use the surplus national treasures as peace ambassadors and send them to other countries, which would also enhance our friendships with those countries, killing several birds with one stone.’ 
Old Master Gu, who had been silent all along, nodded solemnly in agreement, “l concur with this.’ 
The investigator thought to himself, haven’t we thought about this solution before? 
But, is now the time to discuss this? 
The investigator cleared his throat, ‘Let’s be serious. We are here to investigate your actions. The evidence after the investigation is solid – so we are now placing you both under detention for fifteen days for disrespecting the national treasures, coupled with a fine of twenty thousand. You two should reflect on your actions.” 
After he finished, the two were locked up in the cell. 
Looking around the cell, elder Gu said, “l had an old friend who frequently ended up here because his music reviews criticized Xia Yanyan. I never thought I would end up here too. I’m sorry I’ve dragged you into this, young lady.” 
“Mr. Gu, it’s okay. I’ll treat it as an undercover investigation into the national treasure committee’s jail, it’s no big deal.” 
She was in the middle of her period and was suddenly invited for tea without any available sanitary pads, what was she supposed to do? 
Elder Gu sat down on the floor, exuding a certain dignity, “Well, since we are here already, why don’t we sit down and discuss the song? Young lady, would you be willing to sell that song to me?” 
Ye Xingguang also sat down cross-legged, “Mr. Gu. I can’t decide this for my friend directly. I’ll ask her for her opinion when I get back, and then I’ll get back to you.” 
Elder Gu t s eyes sparkled with amusement as he replied, “Many people often use the phrase ‘l have a friend…’ to refer to themselves. Young lady, we are now partners in adversity. Why not be more honest? 1 really like your song and I want to buy it for my protégé Ling Han’s new album. If you don’t want to sell it, that’s fine too, we can split the profit.. What do you think?”
###Chapter 100: Why is Old Master Gu so gossipy? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was surprised, “Mr. Gu, how did you know?” 
Old Mr. Gu pointed to his ears, “The emotion within the music can’t be deceiving. For the same song, a thousand people would sing it in a thousand different ways, no one else could reproduce the same melody from the piano last night, other than the person who played it. Young miss, you’re in love, aren’t you?” 
“No! ” Ye Xingguang responded definitively. 
The old man laughed without saying anything. 
“Really, no!” Ye Xingguang scratched her hair in frustration. 
“Didn’t you manage to get the person last night?” Ye Xingguang: 
“Did you manage to get that person today?” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Why is Mr Gu so nosy? 
Can’t we just discuss business? 
“Mr. Gu, do you still want to buy my composition?” 
Mr. Gu spoke leisurely, “No need to rush, we’ll be in detention for 15 days anyway, we can take our time with the deal. Seeing as you don’t seem overly happy about my interest in your music, unlike other girls of your age, why don’t we sit down and have a chat, and get to know each other a bit more?” That’s not how you build relationships. 
“You really do play well, Young miss. The distinctive fingering in several sections of your music reminds me of someone…” Mr. Gu seemed lost in his thoughts, his tone filled with lingering regret. 
With her chin resting on her hand, Ye Xingguang responded dismissively, “Oh.” 
“Is that all?” 
Ye Xingguang, who had a strong desire for revenge, grunted, ‘Yeah.” 
One was curious, another showed no interest at all – a stark contrast. 
this time, it was Mr. Gu e s turn to lose his temper. 
Wouldn’t she want to know who he was reminded of? 
From the very first time he heard her performance the previous night, Mr. Gu noticed similarities between her composition and that of his ex-wife, which was partly why he was keen on searching for her on social media. 
Seeing her performance again today, he was even more convinced of the traces of his ex-wife’s teaching in her playing. After getting excited for hours over his discovery, was he meant to put up with her indifferent attitude? 
Unable to contain himself, Nir. Gu blurted out: “That person was my ex-wife. Her achievement in music was even higher than mine. We’ve been divorced for over twenty years and during that time, she simply disappeared from the world. Young girl, who is your piano teacher?” 
Ye Xingguang saw Mr. Gu e s photo at Grandma Shen’s place and knew that he was her ex-husband, but she chose not to respond. 
“Mr. Gu, I’m not selling the song, but we can negotiate a profit-sharing agreement. I also want the right to be credited under my pen name, Yue Xi.” 
With no other choice, Mr. Gu resorts to a bait: “Alright, we can share the profits. You’re talented, young girl. Are you willing to pursue a career as a composer? If you can produce good compositions in the future, I’ll purchase them all and we can share the profits equally.” 
Wow, that’s a significant amount if we were to split 50-50. 
“Are you really that impressed with my song, Mr. Gu?” noveldrama
“If all your songs are of this quality, then you have my utmost admiration. You have talent in music and your appearance and temperament are also quite pleasing. Would you be interested in entering the music industry as a singer-songwriter? But first, you must tell me, who’s your piano teacher?” 
Just as he was speaking, the cell door was suddenly swung open and the guard called out Ye Xingguangs name: “Ye Xingguang, you can leave.” 
His face stiffened: “I thought it was fifteen days of detention?” 
We haven’t finished discussing our negotiation. It’s related to the rest of my life and the future star of the music world.. How can she leave!
###Chapter 101: Push her too far, believe it or not, she’ll jump into the river! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback herself: “What about Old Master Gu?” 
“Just you. Hurry up and come out.” 
Ye Xingguang, full of questions, said nobly before leaving: “Old Master Gu, once I get out, I’ll try to get you out too. We can continue discussing our collaboration outside.’ 
That seems reasonable! 
Old Master Gu nodded slightly: “Little girl, remember, from now on, we are trusted friends despite our age difference.” What kind of friendship? 
She didn’t feel any deep bonds between them! noveldrama
But Old Master Gu had unilaterally made up his mind. To locate his long-lost ex-wife, he had to win over her student! 
Yes, it was her. He had to sway her! 
Ye Xingguang had no idea why she was suddenly released. She followed a staff member out and was eventually asked to get into a car. 
Sitting in the car, she frowned in suspicion: “Didn’t they say I could leave? 
Why do they want me to get in the car? Where are they taking me?” 
An investigator from the National Treasures Committee answered, “You’re lucky. Miss Xia’s family called to plea for you. They said as long as you are willing to apologize in front of Miss Xia, they will drop the case. Now we are taking you to the hospital to apologize to Miss Xia.” 
“What? I’m not going!’ 
But the car had already started moving and didn’t stop. 
Ye Xingguang banged the car window forcefully, her face a picture of cold defiance: “l won’t apologize to her. I’d rather be detained for fifteen days. Take me back right now! ” 
“What are you trying to make a scene for? Ungrateful!” 
The investigator from the National Treasures Committee ignored her, promptly driving the car to the best private hospital in the capital. 
Ye Xingguang was furious. Even in the hospital, they wouldn’t get her to apologize! 
Why should she? 
Just because Xia Yanyan is a national treasure? 
Well, she was a national treasure too! 
If backed in a corner, she would rather throw herself into a river! 
In the VIP ward, Xia Yanyan was sitting weakly on the hospital bed at the moment. 
On the left side of the bed, Xia’s mother Wang Zimei was holding a bowl of bird’s nest porridge, huffily glaring at her husband Xia Wealth, “It’s all your fault for dragging your feet! You’ve been discussing this marriage alliance with the Ye’s family for months now, only for an island country bumpkin to snatch the opportunity away.” 
Xia Wealth was standing on the right side of the bed and responded, “Nothing is more unpredictable than change. Who could have predicted that Ye Junqing would forget to pay his bachelor tax?” 
Wang Zimei became even more irritated, “Who knows what’s going on with Ye Junqing? He fancies our precious daughter but doesn’t propose, we proposed the alliance, but the Ye’s family has been stalling. Now what? He’s been forced to tie the knot with a country bumpkin and even displaying their love publicly on social media. It’s utterly disgraceful!” 
“Mom, don’t badmouth Junqing. He must have had his difficulties. You know that all of the Ye’s family resources are currently devoted to their cousin’s presidential campaign. I didn’t expect that the little White Lotus, even after gaining an advantage, would play innocent. She’s jealous that I am the moonlight in Junqings heart and constantly scheming against me… A woman’s jealousy is truly dreadful.” 
Hearing this, Wang Zimei felt even more sorry for her daughter. She brought the bird’s nest to her mouth and said, “Eat slowly. I’ve already informed the National Treasures Committee to have her come apologize.’ 
Xia Yanyan took a sip of bird’s nest and nodded. The thought of humiliating the little White Lotus later brought her a little comfort. 
However, after finishing her bird’s nest porridge, Xia Yanyan said, “Mom, I’m still dizzy. I should sleep a bit more. If the little White Lotus comes, let her wait outside the ward until I wake up. Otherwise. I won’t get good rest and my condition may worsen.” 
[Author’s note: Don’t get mad.. Soon enough, big bad Ye will come in person to wake Xia Yanyan up!]
###Chapter 102: She was clearly here to collect a debt! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang had frequently accompanied her foster father to the hospital for dialysis, but she still couldn’t bear the smell of the hospital. Frowning, she followed the investigator from the National Treasure Committee to Xia 
Yanyan’s hospital room. Ye Xingguang had every intention of scaring Xia Yanyan half to death by revealing a secret, but Xia Yanyan was asleep? 
Ha… are you sure she’s really asleep? 
Ye Xingguang didn’t say a word, leaning lazily against the wall, listening to the investigator exchange pleasantries with Xia Yanyan’s parents. 
After a while, the investigator left first, and before leaving, he sternly warned her, “When Miss Xia wakes up, you better apologize to her. Otherwise, you’ll be treated as refusing to admit guilt and detained for a month!” 
Ye Xingguang leaned against the wall of the hallway, half-closed her eyes, not bothering to argue. Her thoughts wandered to many years ago— 
It was also in a hospital, Xia Yanyan was also lying in a bed, basking in the loving attention of her parents, while she was treated like a forgotten clown. 
At the time, she was naive. Her parents said that since her sister was sick, they had to be more affectionate towards her. She was young and understood this. 
However, she also craved affection, always thinking that if her blood could save her sister’s life, would she get the same love in return? 
To donate bone marrow, one has to get a shot that promotes the growth of bone marrow stem cells, which was painful for young her. 
She gritted her teeth and endured, telling herself that as long as she saved her sister, once her sister recovered, her sister would be grateful, and her parents would spare some love for her… 
The hospital had promoted that donating bone marrow would not affect one’s health, but it actually varied from person to person. 
After she donated her bone marrow, her health took a turn for the worse, 
She was very naive at the time, thinking it didn’t matter if her health declined. Sometimes, she even yearned to be sick. She saw her sister getting so much care and attention when she fell ill, and she also wished to be sick once, to receive the pampering only her sister seemed to get. 
But reality served a harsh blow. 
After her body weakened, she often got fever and cold. At those times, her mother would scold her fiercely, asking why she had to catch a cold, why she had to get a fever, taking care of her was so tiring… 
As a result, later on, even when she had a fever, she didn’t dare to make a sound, she gritted her teeth and bore it. 
She fantasized that her parents would notice her discomfort, but they didn’t. 
It was her brother who came back during his vacation and noticed. He carried her on his back and rushed her to the hospital when she became delirious from fever. 
In the hospital, in her dream-like state, she heard her brother angrily scolding her parents. Why were they not paying more attention to her? Why the differential treatment? 
She heard her mother say, “Taking care of Yanyan is tiring enough, where would I find the extra time to take care of her? Besides, she’s so ugly. The honor that Yanyan has brought to our family would be lost by her! We also need to consider the long-term benefits of our family! As a child, how would you understand? We want to break through our class, move into upper society, and we can only rely on Yanyan!’ 
Ha… 
Ye Xingguang put her hands in her pockets, shook her head and thought– Is it because they were afraid that the honor Xia Yanyan brought to the Xia’s family would be ruined by her, Ye Xingguang, so they abandoned her in the high seas when she was seriously ill? noveldrama
After sending the investigator to the elevator, Wang Zimei returned. Seeing Ye Xingguang leaning lazily against the corridor wall, she couldn’t help but frown. Was it this girl who stole her daughter’s love interest? 
With a terrible tone, Wang Zimei said, “You wait here. After Yanyan wakes up, you can go in and apologize, okay?” Ye Xingguang: “Who said I’m here to apologize?” 
In fact, she was here to settle a score!
###Chapter 103: My Upbringing Does Not Allow Me to Respect You_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Wang Zimei arrogantly looked at Ye Xingguang with scorn, her voice dripping with disdain: “You’re not here to apologize. Are you here to intimidate us again? Little girl, don’t think that being the official wife of Ye Junqing gives you the privilege to do whatever you please. You don’t have the capability to show off in front of us!” 
She wouldn’t forgive this girl today unless she was taught a harsh lesson. Did she really think that she could push her daughter away so easily? 
“Is that so?” 
Ye Xingguang, half-closing her eyes, ignored her mother’s contempt. She pushed open the door to the ward. 
In the hospital room, Xia Wealth was sitting on the sofa reading a newspaper. 
Seeing the audacious girl coming in, he put down the newspaper and scolded, 
“Who allowed you to come in! You have no manners at all!” 
“If you think I have no manners, then bear with it. My manners don’t permit me to respect someone like you.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang tossed these words carelessly as she walked over to an empty chair and sat down. She leaned back, her arms spread casually across the back of the chair, and mimicking Ye Junqings arrogant posture, she provocatively raised her leg. She skewered Xia Wealth with a glance. 
Neither Xia Wealth nor Wang Zimei had expected the little girl to behave so arrogantly in front of them! 
If they could tolerate such arrogance, they would have lived in vain all these years! 
Xia Wealth said with an angry and cold voice, “You are too audacious. Don’t tell me you want to end up in the Cultural Heritage Committee’s prison?” 
“l think the people who should be worried about serving time in the Cultural Heritage Committee’s prison are you.” Ye Xingguang casually cleaned her ears as she lazily uttered her words: “l wonder how many years would one get for plotting to kill a national treasure?” 
Entering behind her, Wang Zimei smirked with ridicule in her eyes, “Plot to kill a national treasure? Would we plot to kill our own daughter?” 
“Who knows? Maybe you’re so heartless that you would actually do that?” 
Ye Xingguang noticed an unopened bottle of mineral water on the table. She grabbed it, twisted off the cap, and took an unhurried drink. Then she leaned back again in the chair and tapped her fingers along the armrest. 
“Alright, I don’t have the time to waste on you. Let’s cut to the chase. The reason I’m here today is not for any other reason but to advise you to avoid provoking me in the future. When you see me, stay out of my way. Do you understand?” 
After saying this, she gave her raised knee a little shake. 
Xia Yanyan was planning to feign sleep for another three or four hours, leaving White Lotus to stand outside, who could imagine that White Lotus would dare to behave so arrogantly. If she could still hear these words and continue to pretend to sleep, then she would not deserve to be a national treasure! 
Xia Yanyan was so angry that she sat up at once, “Ye Xingguang, who do you think you are? Do you think just because Ye Junqing showed you a little affection that you could act so high and mighty? I suggest you go to the restroom and reflect on your behavior, or else I will call the investigator right away to arrest you and let you cool off in prison!” 
“Sure, go ahead and call. I would rather have an investigator on hand to hear how some parents could be so despicable as to abandon a six-year-old national treasure in the deep sea, causing her to die in the ocean. I believe the Cultural Heritage Committee would be very interested in this.” 
Her words dropped like a bombshell, causing an immediate silence in the hospital room. 
Everyone, including Xia Yanyan, looked horrified. 
Ye Xingguang scanned everyone’s faces, satisfied by the effect. Did they truly see her as a helpless kitten when she was not aggressive? 
Xia Wealth was the first to lose his patience. He abruptly stood up, scolding with a stern look, “What nonsense are you spewing?” 
“T-That’s absolutely untrue! Where did you hear such a thing!” Wang Zimei, looking as if she had received a severe blow, staggered back a few steps. 
Xia Yanyan was the most frightened, “Ye Xingguang, stop making baseless accusations! My parents only have me as their mermaid child!”
###Chapter 104: Can a dog-like man hope for your favor? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang laughed as she observed the hypocritical and frightened faces of this family. She leaned against a chair, propping her chin on one hand just like Ye Junqing did, and lazily opened her eyes halfway: “Really? Ah, what to do? It’s all because I got a DV camera when I was young and liked going out to sea with my parents to fish. Coincidentally, I managed to record the process when a mermaid was thrown into the sea by two people. Should I turn this precious footage over to the national treasure committee?” 
What? 
Xia Wealth sank back onto the sofa abruptly. 
Wang Zimei almost lost her balance! noveldrama
After the silence hung in the air of the hospital room for a while, Ye Xingguang got up, once again casually inserting her hands into her pockets and walked out leisurely, leaving a sentence behind: “Remember, don’t mess with me, or the national treasure committee might receive a video I recorded when I was a child at any time.” 
Watching the proud departure of Ye Xingguang, how could Xia Yanyan swallow her animosity? 
“Ye Xingguang, don’t you dare threaten me! My sister was sick from birth and, despite the meticulous care of my parents, did not make it past the age of six. It was only because there was no hope for her that my parents reluctantly let her go back to the sea. You cannot use this to threaten us!” 
Hearing Xia Yanyan’s words, Wang Zimei finally calmed down: “That’s right. That was my own flesh and blood I had to let go. I was still in the middle of grieving. There is no parent in the world who doesn’t love their children. What do you know, you little brat?” 
Ye Xingguang was almost at the door when she heard these words. She turned around with a cold smile: “Oh? Then how did she become so severely ill? Wasn’t it to save a certain individual who was supposedly the world’s most beautiful mermaid? I heard that Miss Xia had chronic granulocytic leukemia when she was young. How do you justify exchanging a life for yours, Miss 
“You… How do you know?” 
Xia Yanyan cried out in horror. Ye Xingguang did not just have the footage, why did she know even about this? 
In the middle of the night, Xia Yanyan would often dream of her young sister seeking revenge from her. Therefore, she always refused to think about her sister. 
Ye Xingguang whistled: “My father saved the wretched mermaid. I know even more details about her. Do you want me to spell it all out for you?” What? Xia Yanyan went deathly pale. 
Wang Zimei stumbled and sat down, leaning on the chair, “Did she…” 
“Died!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, she noticed Wang Zimei seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. In that moment, Ye Xingguang felt a chill that cut straight to the bone. 
She didn’t want to stay any longer. Grasping the doorknob, about to leave, Xia Yanyan roared behind her. 
“Ye Xingguang, what are you so proud of? Even if Ye Junqing showed affection for you on Weibo today, it’s just for political reasons. Let me tell you, he loves me to death. Even if you manage to get him, you’ll never have his heart!” 
Ye Xingguangs hand clenched the doorknob tighter: “Hah…lf that’s the case, who cares about such a blind bastard!” 
Then she swung the door open forcefully, only to collide with a tired yet handsome face. It was Ye Junqing, who had just arrived from afar. 
Ye Xingguang: 
Xiao Yun was standing right behind Ye Junqing. Upon hearing this, he pressed his temples, thinking that this was really bad timing. 
But to his surprise, Ye Junqing opened his arms in the next second, pulled Ye Xingguang into his embrace, and comforted her, patting her back. He spoke in a very light tone: “Can this ‘bastard’ beg for your favor?” 
The story is now online and requires payment. All the dear ones who like it, please continue your support, and I guarantee that the following chapters are sweet and satisfying. 
For those who are unwilling to pay, you can check out my other free novel called “MO Ye, Your Darling Is Three and a Half Years Old”. 
Four years ago, MO Jinyan told her: “Darling, you’ll soon be able to see again. Someone is willing to donate corneas to you.” 
She was overjoyed: “Does that mean 1 will finally be able to see what you look like? Are you handsome?” 
He laughed: “Very.” 
So, she looked forward to seeing again every day. Would she find out just how handsome he was the moment she regained her sight? 
But the day she regained her sight, he disappeared. 
The doctor looked at her with pity: “The eyes you are using now are his. As a doctor, it’s impossible to take corneas from a living person’s eyes…” 
She couldn’t hear what the doctor was saying anymore, she was crying uncontrollably. Only one thought was running through her mind: MO Jinyan, you liar. Do you know I’m pregnant? 
Four years later… 
If you’re curious about how the story plays out, just search the novel title “MO Ye, Your Darling Is Three and a Half Years Old”..
###Chapter 105: Now I know, he will change!_l 
Translator: 549690339 
But that sentence was spoken very softly, only those close by could hear it clearly, most people in the hospital room did not. 
Moreover, Those in the room certainly didn’t expect that Ye Junqing was just outside the door, let alone know how much he heard? 
Xia Wealth thought further, for the future of Xia’s Family, the video must be destroyed, otherwise, it would be a ticking time bomb. Therefore, Ye Junqing cannot be the supporter behind this girl! 
With a thousand thoughts, Xia Wealth got up and greeted, “Nephew, why are you here? Are you here to see Yanyan? Thankfully she’s fine, the doctor said she just needs to rest.” 
Upon hearing Xia Wealth’s words, the sentence Ye Junqing had just whispered in Ye Xingguangs ear evaporated without taking effect. 
Ye Xingguang pushed Ye Junqing away resentfully, ‘You bastard, if you’re here to see Xia Yanyan, don’t touch me!” 
Ye Junqing didn’t speak, he just turned his head and looked at Xiao Yun. 
Xiao Yun immediately said, “Miss Ye, Young Master Qing arrived in City Z by plane this morning to attend the World Business Conference. He spent the entire afternoon in talks without even taking a sip of water or a bathroom break. As soon as he heard the news that you were taken in by the National Treasure Committee, he immediately rushed back.” 
Ye Junqing was pleased with Xiao Yun’s explanation, and was glad that he had left Fu Zhuo in City Z, otherwise Fu Zhuo certainly wouldn’t have been as quick-thinking as Xiao Yun. 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, so… 
Xiao Yun continued, ‘As soon as he got off the plane, Young Master Qing rushed to the National Treasure Bureau to bail you out, but alas, he was a step too late. Hearing that you had been taken to the hospital, Young Master Qing hurried here. By now, it’s already dark. Afraid that you haven’t had dinner, he even got me to buy a piece of cake for you at the hospital entrance just now. Have something to eat first.” 
Ye Xingguang took the cake that Xiao Yun handed over, so he didn’t come to see Xia Yanyan? 
Although Xiao Yun did not purposely raise his voice, even Xia Yanyan in the hospital room heard everything clearly. His not loud, but not low voice sounded like a burning slap in the face of Xia Yanyan. 
Xia Yanyan was as if in disbelief, she fiercely clenched the blanket. How could it be possible that Ye Junqing came for Ye Xingguang? 
Ye Xingguang was indeed hungry, took a bite of the cake, and looked up, ‘You really didn’t come to see Xia Yanyan?” 
“She is not my woman. Why would 1 waste my time to come and see her?” Ye Junqing countered. 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, she’s not your vvoman, but you built her a mermaid pool at home! 
It was as if Ye Junqing saw through her thoughts, he held her hand and with determined steps, walked straight into the hospital room. 
It was still the same chair, but this time Ye Junqing sat on the chair, holding her on his lap. 
Ye Xingguang felt awkward, tried to get up, but the man’s arm was like steel wrapped around her waist, not letting her have her way. 
Then, she heard Ye Junqing, with an ironic tone, laughing and asking Xia Yanyan, whose face didn’t look so good on the bed, “Miss Xia, I wonder, when did I ever give you the impression that I was madly in love with you?” “Junqing…” Xia Yanyan’s face was full of embarrassment. Wasn’t he? 
Why did Ye Junqing have to put it so bluntly? noveldrama
Once spoken, the charm is all lost, the ambiguity between each other is the most enticing part of love! 
In any case, Xia Yanyan had always indulged in this kind of silent deep love, like a bottle of aged wine, the more you savour it, the better it gets… 
Xiao Yun, stood next to Ye Junqing with his hands behind his back, just in time to interrupt Xia Yanyan’s self-indulgent fantasy, “Miss Xia, Master Qing was asking you a question. You might as well say it. What actions of his gave you such a misconception? Once we know, he will correct himself accordingly.” 
[QQGroup of This Book: 756943751]
###Chapter 106: I like your daughter… 1 
Translator: 549690339 
The words were quite sharp, and Xia Yanyan’s face changed. She glanced at Xiao Yun several times: “Don’t you know who I am? I was talking to Junqing. Where’s your place to interrupt?” 
Xiao Yun spoke calmly: “In a short while, Mr. Qe is going to accompany Miss Ye to a candlelight dinner, so the time is tight. As a bodyguard, I just want to remind Miss Xia to respect Mr. QCs time.” 
Xiao Yun didn’t have any animosity towards Xia Yanyan, but standing at the door just now, he heard that Xia’s Family had another daughter who was thrown into the sea at the age of six. From Miss Ye’s tone, it seems that she was killed in a life-for-life exchange. He was shocked and inevitably looked down on this family somewhat. 
Xia’s family owed their status today to Xia Yanyan. 
Xia Yanyan was like a super [P. The Xia’s family had been popular for more than twenty years because of this super [P. The industries that emerged around this super IP made Xia’s family a gold mine. But what if it was at the cost of a life… noveldrama
A hint of disdain was added to Xiao Yun’s expression. 
Xia Yanyan was angry: “Junqing… Look at your bodyguard, he’s getting out of hand!” 
The way she called him ‘Junqing’ was like a coquettish whine. 
Ye Junqings eyes got darker, he didn’t feel like dealing with Xia Yanyan’s coquettish tone, he just shot a glance at Xiao Yun. 
That look in the eyes was a warning in Xia Yanyan’s, but a reward in Xiao Yun’s. 
Xiao Yun inferred that Mr. Qe’s love life was tough. He did not take a stand at this moment. His and Miss Ye’s display of affection today would be in vain. He promptly said, “Miss Xia, Mr. Qe and you haven’t reached a point where you can drop his surname and call him by his first name. Please check how you address him.” 
Xia Yanyan was so angry that she could pass out. This was the first day in her life when nothing had gone her way from morning till evening, and now she was even being lectured in public by a bodyguard. 
However, Ye Junqing did nothing to control his bodyguard. Despite the blow to her pride, the person she was sorry for was him. 
What forced him to put up with such a scene at her expense? 
Xia Yanyan pretended to press her temple with a feeble posture, “Mom, I’m still feeling a bit dizzy, everythings spinning…” 
Xia Yanyan could not see, even Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei couldn’t comprehend that there could be anyone who could resist the charm of their daughter! 
Wang Zimei calmed down and directly defended her daughter: “Dear nephew, what does your bodyguard mean? See how angry he’s made our Yanyan! Everyone knows that you like Yanyan, don’t they? If your bodyguard doesn’t understand, tell him to look at the Junxing Weibo LOGO, to look at the newly built mermaid swimming pool by Ye’s family, to look at the mermaid sculpture in front of Ye’s new building! If he can’t see well, tell him to check how many mermaid-themed parks Ye’s company has built all over the country! ” 
“If it wasn’t for knowing that you like our Yanyan, do you think we would turn a blind eye to Ye’s Company’s misuse of the mermaid image without purchasing the copyright from us? If this is put on the table and calculated clearly, do you know how much royalty you need to pay us?” 
Ye Junqing held Ye Xingguang in his arms, one hand around her, the other playing with a strand of her hair. He gave a lazy laugh when he heard this. 
He paused for a long time before saying, “I do like your daughter…” 
Ye Junqing hadn’t finished his sentence yet, and Xia Yanyan had already recovered from her feigned weakness. She glanced proudly at Ye Xingguang sitting in Ye Junqings arms.. She had a look of cultivated arrogance which seemed to say: Can you hear it clearly now? He likes me!
###Chapter 107: In What Way Can She Compare to Me?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Seeing the displeased faces of Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth, and hearing Ye Junqings words, the whole situation took a turn, all of them sneering at Ye Xingguang, looking at her like she was an insignificant little clown. 
But then, the very next second, they heard Ye Junqing say, “However, did I say it was Miss Xia?” 
Ye Xingguang was already feeling angry because of what Ye Junqing had said, but upon hearing this, she was taken aback. What did he mean by that? 
Wang Zimei asked more directly, “Nephew, what do you mean by this? If our daughter isn’t Yanyan, then who is it?” 
“Apart from Miss Xia, which other daughter do you have that you’re not aware of?” Ye Junqing questioned lazily. 
Wang Zimei, who had just managed to regain her composure, looked pale, her words not even convincing herself, “l… I… I don’t have a second daughter, apart from Yanyan, I don’t have another daughter!” 
But when she thought of the girl in Ye Junqings arms who possessed the proof of her abandoning her biological daughter years ago, Wang Zimei became panicked. 
She angrily pointed at Ye Xingguang, “Is it you? Did you tell him some nonsense? I’m telling you, I don’t have a second daughter, I never did!” 
Never had one? 
Ha, what a good “never”. 
Ye Xingguang clenched her teeth, a wave of intense cold surging up from her foot 
Ye Junqing sensed the upset mood of the girl in his arms. He couldn’t help but feel heartache. He shouldn’t have touched her wound. He knew very well that being abandoned by her parents was a thorn in her heart that could not be touched. 
Opening his mouth again, Ye Junqings voice was ice-cold, “Madam Wang, aren’t you afraid of being struck by lightning for saying such words?” 
No sooner had the words left his mouth than a thunder rumbled in the sky. 
Boom— 
Wang Zimei cried out in surprise and lost her footing, thankfully Xia Wealth was there to support her. She was so frightened that she immediately clung to her husband. 
Ye Junqing didn’t want to stay any longer and reopen Xingguangs wounds. Looking at the ugly faces of these ruthless parents who had abandoned one child for their own profit and lavished affection on another, he believed she wouldn’t want to see it either. 
He got up, gripping her trembling hand tightly. Before leaving, he shot a cold, mocking glance at Xia Yanyan, who was refusing to believe it. 
“Miss Xia, the alliance through marriage was the idea of the older generation. I never agreed. The woman I, Ye Junqing, want has never been you. So stop telling my woman how much you love me. If you have narcissistic delusions, I suggest you see a psychologist.” How could this be? 
How could this possibly be?! 
Xia Yanyan sat on the bed, gripping the bedsheet, completely unable to accept this reality. 
“No, it cannot be! Ye Junqing, you’re talking nonsense. There must be some reason forcing you to deny your feelings for me in front of this woman. No matter what the reason is, 1 can accept it, I can understand… but Ye Junqing, how could you say you like my sister?” 
Ye Junqing scoffed at her, “Why not?” 
Xia Yanyan almost hysterically roared, “How can she be compared to me? 
What does she have over me? How dare you insult me with that ugly fish! ! ” noveldrama
Because her existence was being denied by this family, a trembling Ye Xingguang could no longer control her emotions. She shook off Ye Junqings hand, strode up to Xia Yanyan, pointed at her nose, and said word by word: 
“Xia Yanyan, you’ll remember this.. From now on, I’ll make sure you understand very clearly how she, differs from you in every way!’
###Chapter 108: Are You A Little Moved?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
The aura Ye Xingguang erupted with in that moment, completely startled Xia Yanyan, so much so that she even forgot to quarrel with, the little White Lotus who actually dared to point at her and talk! 
It wasn’t until a full minute passed after Ye Xingguang had left the sickroom that Xia Yanyan viciously threw a pillow, throwing a tantrum on the bed. 
“Mom, dad, did you hear? Did you hear what that pretty boy and Lord Ye said?” 
“Yanyan, don’t be angry, don’t be angry. Be careful about getting an upset stomach. You are the best, and you will always be the pride of mom and dad.” 
Wang Zimei spoke weakly, pressing her chest after speaking. For so many years, she had chosen to repress the memory, not wanting to remember that she had another daughter. 
She had once regretted throwing her own daughter into the sea. But over the years, the glory and prosperity that Yanyan had brought to the family had proven that all they did was right. Therefore, she did not allow herself to regret. 
Seeing her beloved daughter, who was handled with care and love, being despised by Lord Ye, Wang Zimei felt that Lord Ye deserved to be assigned a country bumpkin from an island. This was his karma! 
But Xia Yanyan was crying, sobbing into her blanket, “Impossible, impossible! How could I possibly be lowered by a dead and ugly fish that’s been gone for years? On what ground does Lord Ye dare insult me like this? What right does that little White Lotus have to compete with me? Ahhhh…” 
“She even dared to say she wanted me to clearly know why that ugly fish, that was already buried at sea, is incomparable to me! Has she gone mad? Who does she think she is? An island country girl, thinking she’s amazing because she got into college and left the island? Ye Xingguang, you wait and see!” 
Sitting in the speeding car, Ye Xingguangs mind was in disarray, not daring to look at the man beside her. 
Only when her mind calmed down and her anger dissipated did she have the spirit to reflect on what was said in the sickroom. 
He said… he likes the other daughter of the Xia’s Family? 
He actually knew, the Xia’s Family had another daughter? 
The swimming pool at home, was built for the other daughter of the Xia’s Family? 
All the Mermaid Theme Parks in the country, were established for the other daughter of the Xia’s Family? 
Ye Xingguang rubbed her burning face vigorously. Though the air conditioning in the car was not on, and the sky outside was covered with dark clouds, and the strong vxinds raged. Even with the car windows slightly ajar letting in the cold blast of wind, it could not dissipate the heat on her face. noveldrama
She sneakily stole glances at the man beside her several times. He was on the phone, seemingly explaining calmly why he had to temporarily return to the capital. His low and deep voice, filled with the imposing manner of a leader but also full of patience, was pleasing to the ear however she listened. 
He had been on the phone for nearly half an hour, showing no signs of ending the call. 
So, the World Economic Conference is quite important? 
Little did she know, Lord Ye was using the phone call as a coverup. 
Because the calm man didn’t know how to interact with her in the silent car. 
He felt he must be out of his mind to publicly confess his love for the Xia’s Family’s younger daughter. He was unsure of what this young girl thought after listening. 
Lord Ye was rather timid when it came to matters of love. He was scared to take the first step, so under normal circumstances, he would not confess his feelings. Having spilled the beans now, he feared his feelings would be mocked by the girl. 
So, he chose to refuse communication, using the phone call as a coverup. 
But the man in love, who found himself at a disadvantage, couldn’t help but sneak glances at the girl beside him. Her face seemed quite red.. Was it possible that she was a little moved after hearing his confession?
###Chapter 109: Is this excitement and shyness?1 
Translator: 549690339 
The car, heading all the way to… 
It should be driving towards Central Island. 
But when Xiao Yun got in the car, he gave the driver the address of a western restaurant, so now the car was heading towards the restaurant. 
If Ye Junqing had said in the hospital room that he and Miss Ye were going to have a candlelight dinner, he must fulfill the promise now, otherwise, Miss Ye might think that everything they said in the hospital room was a bluff. 
When the car reached the entrance of the restaurant, Ye Junqing ended his call with Zou Chang and got out first. 
Ye Xingguang followed him out of the car. The first thing she did upon entering the restaurant was to look for the restroom. 
Ye Junqing took a seat by the window in the restaurant, where he slouched lazily on the couch, allowing Xiao Yun to look through the menu and order food from the server. He rested his chin on his hand and looked out of the window, lost in thought. 
“Sir, I’ve placed our orders following the standard candlelight dinner set. Please enjoy your meal,” Xiao Yun said. 
Ye Junqing nodded, growing fonder of Xiao Yun. 
As Xiao Yun was about to excuse himself, he stopped and casually remarked, “While you were on the phone in the car earlier, it seemed like Miss Ye wanted to talk to you. But she held back and her face was rather red. I think she was feeling shy.” 
“Really?” Ye Junqing felt more composed at these words. 
“I’ll take my leave now to avoid interrupting your meal,” Xiao Yun said, leaving the two alone. 
Ye Junqing had noticed Ye Xingguangs blushing face too. Was she shy or overly excited? 
His originally perturbed mood was gradually steadying. He shifted to a more comfortable posture, crossing his long legs and gently stroking his chin, a smile unknowingly curling up his lips. His mood was inexplicably lifte& 
Ding-dong 
The screen of the phone resting on the table suddenly lit up. 
The man in a happy mood glanced at the screen, which displayed a few characters: Annoying Little Mermaid. 
Ye Junqing paused. Did the Little Mermaid miss him so much that she couldn’t leave him alone even when she was in the bathroom, and had to call him? 
With this thought, Ye Junqing answered the phone. noveldrama
In the call, a girl’s timid and hesitant voice came, “Um… um… Ye Junqing…” “Mmm, go on,” Ye Junqings magnetic voice was incredibly gentle. 
“Can you assure me first that, no matter what I say, you won’t strangle me to death…” Ye Xingguangs voice was barely audible. 
Ye Junqing chuckled. He thought, ‘Silly girl, how could I bear to strangle you? 
Even though in my mind 1 might’ve strangled you countless times…’ 
Ye Junqing said, “l promise.” 
Ye Xingguang sighed in relief, but still found it difficult to speak. 
Ye Junqing encouraged her, “Just say what you want to say, I’m listening.” 
Over the phone, Ye Xingguang finally mustered up the courage and blurted out, “Um… could you ask someone to buy me a pack of period pads?” Ye Junqings joyful expression instantly fell apart, “What did you say?” 
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I know it’s an awkward request, but my bag and everything else are still in the interview car. I was suddenly taken away by the National Treasure Committee and 1 don’t have any extras with me… l…can’t avoid changing…and I’m wearing white pants today…” After saying that, Ye Xingguang felt like dying! 
Being a woman is so exhausting! 
She felt that Ye Junqing must want to strangle her now.. Holding the phone with the feeling of a death-row inmate waiting for execution, Ye Xingguang weakly said, “I’m begging you, just ask a female waitress to help me buy it…”
###Chapter 110: Wow! Are You a Big Cancer? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Wait!” Ye Junqing didn’t know how he managed to end the call. 
Seeing a female server in the distance, the sophisticated man wanted to signal her, but somehow couldn’t lift his hand. 
In the next instant, the tall and handsome man simply pushed the door and walked out. 
The bodyguards at the door came forward immediately. Xiao Yun asked, “Mr. Qing, is anything wrong?” 
“No, you guys stay here, don’t follow me, I’ll be back soon.” 
Ye Junqing walked to a car, asked the driver for the keys, and drove away alone, finally stopping when he found a convenience store. 
Before entering the store, he specifically put on his sunglasses, armoring himself. 
Upon finding the female products shelf, he was dazzled by the multitude of products. Clueless on what to pick, he saw a girl picking her choice. He then maintained a cold demeanor and watched silently from the side. 
When he saw the girl finally choose one after a long time, he simply picked up a similar pack. 
The girl glanced at him and muttered, “Pervert!” 
Ye Junqings face darkened: ‘ 
“Hey, who are you calling a pervert? Is a man buying this abnormal? Don’t you have a boyfriend? Can’t people have boyfriends just because you don’t have one? Dude, don’t be upset, I support you!” Suddenly someone spoke up for him. 
Ye Junqings face got even darker. This person standing up for him was none other than Xiao Mi Hu. 
Ye Junqing tilted his head, trying not to be recognized by Xiao Mi Hu. 
The girl, confronted by Xiao Mi Hu, counterattacked, “He’s a pervert! Can’t people call out perverts anymore? I feel so gross today, it’s my bad luck. He looks like a devil, and turns out to be a vulgar pervert!” 
Having said that, she walked away angrily. 
Xiao Mi Hu wanted to catch up and argue with her, but was stopped by MO Fei who had just caught up. MO Fei wanted to calm her down, but her gaze unexpectedly fell on the man who had just been called a pervert. 
“Um…Brother Qing?” 
Ye Junqing had already quickly put his stuff back on the shelf, and quickly stuffed his hands into his pockets, nodding coolly in response. 
“What, Brother Qing? Ah! Wow! You’re the Big Cancer? You’re here to buy sanitary pads?” Xiao Mi Hu got excited instantly. 
“Just passing by!” Ye Junqing emphasized these two words forcefully. 
Xiao Mi Hu glanced at the array of products on the shelves and exaggerated, 
“Big Cancer, you’re specially passing by here?” 
Ye Junqing had an extremely cold and gloomy aura surrounding him, as if he was about to explode at any time. This was the first time in his life he had been called a vulgar pervert, and he was already extremely embarrassed. Xiao Mi Hu just did not get the hint! 
Seeing the worsening situation, MO Fei quickly pointed to the shelf, “Buy this one, get the best. We will wait for you outside.” 
“But I’m not on my period… Ah, I get it, Big Cancer is buying for Mi Hu, right? Big Cancer, this one is good. The one you just picked isn’t that great, there are online reports about it having fluorescent powder. But why am I helping you choose when you’re the one buying?” noveldrama
MO Fei rubbed her forehead in frustration, “Brother Qing, Mi Hu doesn’t 
understand, don’t mind her.’ 
Ye Junqing didn’t want to speak with MO Fei. With a show of dominance, he picked up the best product Xiao Mi Hu had described, and then coolly left, leaving them in his dust. 
After paying, he was about to leave right away. But before he left, thinking he couldn’t enter the women’s restroom, he promptly honked the horn at Xiao Mi Hu, who had just exited the convenience store.. He gave an irresistibly commanding order, “Get in the car! Or else I will make sure your gangster won’t live till tomorrow!”
###Chapter 111: What are you afraid of, quickly hold my hand…_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang had been sitting in the ladies’ room for nearly ten minutes when she unexpectedly heard someone calling her name: “Ye Xingguang, Ye 
Xingguang, where are you? It’s Xiao Mi Hu, I’ve brought something for you.” 
Ye Xingguang, taken aback, half-opened the door: “I’m here.” 
Xiao Mi Hu grinned, revealing two rows of small white teeth: “Here, this is for you.” 
“Thank you, Mi Hu, thanks for saving me from my misery. But what are you doing here?” After closing the door, Ye Xingguang continued to ask. 
Speaking of this, Xiao Mi Hu was exasperated: “Isn’t it thanks to your ‘official’ boyfriend who threatened me, saying that if I didn’t bring the things to you, then MO Fei would not see tomorrow’s sun. That’s simply too abhorrent! But I thought of you, and so I came over, bearing the insults. But your ‘albatross’ really had bad luck, he was abused as a pervert when he went to the convenience store to buy something for you.” 
“Huh? What happened?” 
Xiao Mi Hu then relayed what she had witnessed to Ye Xingguang, who was extremely embarrassed upon hearing it. 
“You know, your ‘albatross’ truly loves you. He personally bought this for you. Today, 1 saw the love confession ‘albatross’ posted for you online, I originally thought it was a sham, but now…hahaha, Xingguang how did you manage to bring the ‘albatross’ to heel?” 
Ye Xingguang protested: “That’s not true!” 
Her heart gave a little leap, it was a bittersweet feeling. 
The two of them returned to the restaurant together, and it had turned from a dinner for two into a party of four. 
After dinner, Xiao Mi Hu suggested going to a KTV to sing, so they all moved 
on to the KTV. 
Xiao Mi Hu was a veritable microphone hog, constantly clinging to the mic. 
Ye Jun Qing leaned on the couch, his mind buzzing with thoughts about Xiao Yu Wei’s hesitant and blushing face in the car. Was it because she was attracted to him, or because she wanted him to buy her sanitary pads? 
What an irritating problem. 
Already feeling annoyed, Xiao Mi Hu t s irritating singing didn’t help matters: 
“Some say, the greatest distance in the world isn’t life and death, but when I stood in front of you, and you didn’t know I loved you…” 
It’s like those lyrics were mocking his cowardice. Ye Jun Qing gave MO Fei a look, asking him to tell Xiao Mi Hu to shut up. 
Understanding the unspoken request, MO Fei seized the microphone from 
Xiao Mi Hu t s hand, tossed it to Ye Xingguang, and passed his microphone to Ye Jun Qing: “Sis, Brother Qing, you guys sing. Mi Hu and I are tired from singing so much.” noveldrama
In fact, Ye Xingguang had also been contemplating Ye Jun Qings feelings for the other Xiao family’s daughter, and it wasn’t until she caught the microphone did she came to her senses, and saw the lyrics on the screen: 
“If I say, there’s no ‘if’ in loving me. If missed, then it’s missed, won’t you be sad… 
“If I say, there’s no ‘if’ in loving me, If you really love me, just give it a shot, what are you still thinking about, what are you still scared of, just hold my hand… 
After she finished singing, it was a male voice’s turn. She didn’t continue singing. 
Ye Jun Qing glanced at the lyrics on the screen, stunned for a moment, the lyrics seemed to express his inner feelings: 
“If, if, there’s no if, if, if, in the end, it turns into passing by, I wouldn’t be able to accept…” 
“Missed, missed, I don’t want to miss. Missed, missed, this pains me more than you, I will not make the same mistake again…” 
Waiting for the male voice to finish, Ye Xingguang continued singing: 
“Hmm, this time, don’t casually miss it. If humans bind up even the love for someone, then it’s like the end of the world has arrived, there’s no need to wait for the day the earth is destroyed. Don’t be scared of being too happy, don’t be scared of losing me…” 
Ye Jun Qing was completely stunned, she seemed to be singing her heart out, and he subconsciously held her hand tightly, swallowed and said: “Xingguang…” 
[Author’s note: This song is Fish Leong’s “No Ifs”. It’s an old song, but I think it fits this scene perfectly, haha. Begging for recommendation votes, begging for recommendation votes, continue begging for recommendation votes…. ]
###Chapter 112: Only in this way is it enough to confess… 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Her hand was suddenly grasped, and Ye Xingguang, who was still singing, froze. She glanced at the man who called her name, inadvertently meeting his deep gaze. She couldn’t help but feel a flutter in her heart and intuitively responded, “Huh? What’s the matter?” 
Ye Junqing seemed to have a million words bottled up in his chest. 
Just as he was about to speak, the door of the booth slammed open. 
Tang Zhou burst in dramatically, rapidly scanning the room before lunging at Ye Junqing. “Junqing, my brother, I almost thought I’d lost you! You have no idea how miserably I’ve suffered in the boondocks.” 
Ye Junqing: 
Such a harmonious atmosphere was destroyed by Tang Zhou’s interruption. He felt the urge to kick Tang Zhou away; how was he in the mood to hear about his hardships? 
Regardless of Ye Junqings indifference, Tang Zhou extended his arm, pointing at the numerous mosquito bites on it. “Junqing, look at this. All these bites from mosquitoes! You have no idea how many mosquitoes were in that hell-hole, I’ve not only gotten darker and thinner, but I have also been eating only vegetables for days. Now, only my first love, my fish, can comfort my broken heart. Junqing, did you find my dream fish for me?” 
Ye Junqing yanked his hand away mercilessly, “No.” 
“What? Then give me back the token of love my first love fish left me. I’ll look for it myself.” He was back anyway. 
“What token of love?” Ye Junqings voice turned icier. 
“The fish scale left by my first love fish!” 
Remembering he had already sent it to a jewelry company to have it made into a pendant, Ye Junqing quickly said, “l think I misplaced it.” 
“What?” Tang Zhou jumped up, “It’s such an important item. How could you lose it?” 
Ye Junqing finally gave Tang Zhou a kick that sent him two meters away. Then, tapping the dust off his pants, he sat on the sofa, his face as cold as an iceberg, fuming. The peaceful atmosphere had been entirely disrupted by this kid; how was he going to ask his question now? 
Tang Zhou fell to the ground with a thud, but seemed oblivious to the pain. He sprang up, grabbed the microphone from Ye Xingguangs hand, and insisted on changing the song to, “Even in death, we should love. Expressing it at full tilt is satisfying. The depth of affection needs to be expressed thoroughly for a proper declaration…” 
The noise was too much. Ye Xingguang covered her ears and asked Ye Junqing, 
“What were you trying to tell me just now?” 
Ye Junqing knitted his eyebrows, pondered for a moment, and was about to speak again, when Ye Xingguangs phone started ringing. 
“Sorry, 1 have to take this call,” Ye Xingguang said. 
Ye Junqing: 
She didn’t recognize the number that showed up on her screen so she picked up, “Hello, who is this? What did you say? I can’t hear you over the noise. Can you speak up, please?” 
Han Chengbei’s voice came thundering from the other end of the line, “Oh, my adorable fairy, it’s me! I can’t believe you didn’t recognize my voice. You’ve broken my heart! ” 
“Han Chengbei?” 
Han Chengbei shouted each sentence, worried she might not hear him, “That’s right, my fairy lady. Are you free tomorrow?” 
“Tomorrow is the weekend, I don’t have work, but do you need something?” 
Han Chengbei continued to yell, “Can’t I call if I don’t need anything? You’re not working tomorrow, so I’ll take you out for seafood. You live on an island, right? I have a few friends who are thinking about vacationing on an island. If you come with us, we’ll have a tour guide. Where do you live? Send me your address, I’ll pick you up in the car tomorrow morning. Then we’ll take a helicopter. I’ll have you back in the capital the day after tomorrow.. How does noveldrama
that sound?”
###Chapter 113: What, You Don’t Want To? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Can she return home? 
She hadn’t been home in a while and missed everyone on the island. 
“Sure, meet me at the entrance of our TV station tomorrow morning.” 
“Ok, no problem. You sure are cautious, not willing to tell me your address. Are you afraid I might take advantage of you? Don’t worry, you’re like my ancestor, my beacon of hope in this world, I should be cherishing you…” 
Ye Xingguang chuckled, completely unaware of the raging jealousy brewing next to her. Who allowed her to go have fun with Han Chengbei? 
His woman, does she require someone else’s cherishing? 
The hand of Ye Junqing, which held the microphone, unknowingly tightened, his veins popping. 
Ye Xingguang chatted with Han Chengbei for a while and after saying, “See you tomorrow,” she finally hung up the phone. 
As Ye Xingguang slipped her phone into her pocket and looked up at Ye Junqing, she noticed his face had turned sour. His deep-set facial features appeared tense, and after a quick thought, she said, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. You can speak now.” 
Speak? Speak about what? 
Ye Junqings face was overshadowed by a veil of darkness, his gaze heavy as it fell on her face. ‘1 1 have to return to Z city tonight. There’s an economic summit tomorrow morning, and I can’t miss it. You should accompany me.” 
“Huh? You want me to come with you?” 
Ye Junqings gaze darkened, an overwhelming sense of oppression engulfing her. “What, are you unwilling?” 
“Well, it’s not that, it’s just…” 
Before she could finish speaking, Ye Junqing picked up his coat and grabbed her wrist. “Since it’s not that, let’s go. It’s late, and if we take the plane now, we might reach Z city by midnight.” 
Ye Xingguang was forced to keep up with Ye Junqings strides. He was tall with long legs, forcing her to walk quickly to keep pace with him. 
“Wait, Ye Junqing… I haven’t even packed a change of clothes, and besides, tomorrow…” 
“I’ve been dealing with flights all day for you and can’t afford a delay. I’ll have 
someone buy you clothes now and have the hotel do a quick laundry service. You won’t have a shortage of clothes tomorrow.” 
Ye Junqing shot down her excuse in a sentence, not even letting her voice her ‘plans’ for tomorrow. noveldrama
She dared to say she was free to go out with Han Chengbei tomorrow, but didn’t have time to accompany him? He might as well throttle her! 
“But, why are you taking me there?” 
Ye Junqing lowered his head, glaring at her with steely eyes. “As a journalist, aren’t you excited to interview at the World Economic Conference?” Um… of course she was! 
Her TV station had sent people there, Rebecca Perry got the chance to go because of her family connections, but she didn’t get the opportunity. She grumbled, “The station didn’t assign me to cover that.” 
“Just because they didn’t assign it to you, you didn’t think to take the initiative? Remember, a soldier who doesn’t want to be a general isn’t a good soldier. Tomorrow, I’ve arranged interviews with several big players in the economy. do you want to go or not?” 
“Yes, yes, yes!” Ye Xingguang bobbed her head like a drum. 
Some of the fury in Ye Junqings belly finally dissipated. 
In the car on the way to the airport, Ye Xingguang phoned Han Chengbei, about the sudden overtime work ordered by her station, and that she couldn’t make it to the island. This lessened some of Ye Junqings anger again. 
On the other side. 
The now snubbed Han Chengbei, angrily hung up the phone. 
Then, turning to the person sitting on the sofa in his living room, he said, “Rebecca, can you believe it? A charming, wealthy gent like me, who could make thousands of young girls swoon, was just rejected. Now I can’t go to the island. She’s been asked to work overtime tomorrow.. But why are you interested in that island?”
###Chapter 114: – What is this woman’s identity?1 
Translator: 549690339 
Lawson Perry was sitting on the couch in his living room, sipping tea. After taking a few sips, he said, “I’ve been too busy recently. I want to find a peaceful place to relax. If your friend is too busy with overtime, then let’s reschedule.’ 
Han Chengbei casually swung his legs, “Ok, we’ll reschedule. I have something else to do, Lawson. I’ll be going then.” noveldrama
“Is your arm alright?” 
“Every time I remember it, I’m pissed. Ye Junqing dared to hurt my arm. This in an enmity I must settle!” 
Han Chengbei left vexedly, gripping his car keys. 
He still didn’t understand why Ye Junqing wanted to snatch Ye Xingguang away from him. Was he out of his mind? 
Please don’t tell him that Ye Junqing is attracted to Ye Xingguang? 
Hasn’t the nation already arranged a match for him? He’s indeed one who eats from his bowl and gazes at the pot! 
After Lawson’s assistant, Nan Yin sent Han Chengbei away, he returned to the living room and inquired curiously, “Sir, if you feel tired recently, should I arrange a vacation for you on some other island?” 
Lawson Perry laughed but didn’t say anything. 
He then proceeded to bring over a file, “Take a look at this.” 
Nan Yin took the file, opened it, and expressed surprise, “This Miss Ye that Nir. Han knows, is she the same young lady Ye Junqing won in the draw? This 
Miss Ye comes from an ordinary family, how could she possibly score Ye Junqing?” 
“That’s why I want to visit her hometown.” 
Nan Yin considered for a moment and said, “Today, Mr. Ye, and Miss Ye showed off their sweet relationship on Weibo, which makes all our efforts to write articles about the state distribution a few days ago in vain. After the steak video went viral, Ye Junqing has gained countless fans, and his popularity is off the charts. It’s a loss more than a gain though.” 
Lawson Perry lit up a cigarette, let the smoke ring rise, “Stop playing tricks on this matter, it’s pointless.” 
“Yes. 
Receiving his order, Nan Yin added, “Now that the marriage alliance between the Xia and Ye families has collapsed, Lawson, why not win over Xia Yanyan, don’t you still have a younger brother who is not married? If you marry Xia Yanyan, you can leverage her influence among the public. This is a win-win situation. Gaining Ye Xingguang and losing Xia Yanyan, Ye Junqing still stands to lose.’ 
Lawson Perry pondered for a while, he was weighing the marriage alliance, but was it really a loss more than a gain? 
Lawson Perry said, “Look at the second page of the document.” 
Nan Yin nodded, turned to the second page, and whatever he saw gave him a look of profound shock. 
As if he couldn’t believe it, he took a second look. 
Then, he asked in surprise, “Who exactly is this Ye Xingguang? The ten numbers she picked during the draw at the Civil Affairs Bureau, representing the ten people behind those numbers, are all on the list of the top ten most eligible bachelors who are against marriage? Is this sheer luck or is there some sort of competence?” 
Lawson Perry inquired, “What do you think?” 
“This… 
Nan Yin was at a loss for an answer. 
If it’s really luck, then her luck was too outrageous. There couldn’t be a second person in the whole country with this kind of luck! 
If it’s about competence, how could the system determine that those who matched her were the top ten on the list of eligible bachelors against marriage? 
In that case, no matter who she chooses, they are a one in a million catch! 
The documents show, she didn’t choose the number on her own. It was the system that selected for her. And it directly selected the system’s top rank for her! 
Who exactly is this woman?
###Chapter 115: This is an order that must not be defied! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Lawson Perry continued, “Take a look at the third page.” 
Was there something even more shocking awaiting him? 
Nan Yin nodded and opened the third page. 
“What? Apart from Ye Jun Qings single tax being overdue by a few hours, everyone else on the ranking list had paid their single tax. But they were all selected by the system for Ye Xingguang to choose?” 
“So, regardless whether Ye Jun Qing forgot to pay the single tax or not, the system would have included him anyway. Is the system deliberately putting the best single men in the country in front of Ye Xingguang for her to choose from? This… 
Lawson Perry stayed silent, “Look at the fourth page.” 
Should Nan Yin continue reading or not? 
He opened the fourth page and furrowed his brows: “On the day Ye Xingguang went to the Civil Affairs Bureau for the lottery draw, her boyfriend’s account suddenly received a deposit of ten million? It seems that this is not simple. Could it be that someone gave her boyfriend ten million and told him not to register with Ye Xingguang at the Civil Affairs Bureau?” 
Lawson Perry didn’t respond to Nan Yin’s question. After some contemplation, he ordered: “You go and check the source of that ten million.” 
Nan Yin: “Yes.” 
This woman is certainly not simple; it’s essential to investigate. 
Just when they thought Ye Jun Qing couldn’t be any unluckier, perhaps he’s picked up a treasure? 
All this, Ye Xingguang had no idea about. 
She had already fallen asleep on Ye Junqings private jet. 
This was her first time on a private jet; it was luxurious and extravagant. The whiff of luxuriousness filled the air! noveldrama
There was a certain man who had given up his bed to Ye Xingguang and was now lounging on a flat seat with his eyes closed. 
The world was quiet, but it wasn’t quiet for long when the man dozing off suddenly threw out the words to Xiao Yun, “Land the Plane.” 
Xiao Yun, who was also resting, instantly opened his eyes: “Boss, is your old illness flaring up again?” 
If he wasn’t in discomfort, why would he blurt out such a bizarre phrase as ‘Land the plane’ in such an urgent situation? 
This wasn’t a car, where you could just stop. This was a private jet. 
Ye Jun Qings lips were tightly pressed together. His body was restless and a volcano seemed to simmer within him. He knew the situation was dire: “Link up with ground control, find the nearest emergency landing point. There are too many people on the plane; 1 can’t control myself!” 
Xiao Yun furrowed his eyebrows. He knew that the confined space of a plane, and having over twenty security guards and flight attendants, was too great a temptation for Ye Jun Qing, each one was a potential “dinner.” Could he control his urge to bite in front of so many people? 
Not daring to delay, Xiao Yun entered the cockpit without a word and asked the pilot to communicate with the ground control for possible emergency landing arrangements. 
Unfortunately, the communication resulted in no immediate arrangements. Furthermore, the plane was full of fuel, far exceeding the jet’s maximum landing weight. Even in an emergency landing, the plane would need to circle in the air to burn off fuel before it could land. The time taken to burn off the fuel was just about the same as flying straight to Z city. 
Left with no choice, Xiao Yun had to tell Ye Jun Qing: “Boss, can you lock yourself in the bedroom and resist a bit?” 
With his face already pale, Ye Jun Qing stumbled into the bedroom. Seeing the sleeping girl on the bed, he turned around and went back out, finally locking himself away in the lavatory. 
But he was still worried: through the lavatory door, he commanded Xiao Yun: “You guys, block the lavatory door from the outside and no matter how much I try to get out, do not let me. This is an order, you must not disobey! Also… 
don’t wake her up!’ 
Xiao Yun: “…Yes.” 
Thinking about what happened last time, Ye Jun Qing was still worried: “If she dares to bother me, knock her unconscious!”
###Chapter 116: Miss Ye, Please Don’t Interfere 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was awakened by the sound of a door being pounded on. Emerging from her room in a daze, she looked up to see several bodyguards standing in front of the bathroom, effectively blocking the door. 
“What is going on here?” she asked, her curiosity piqued. 
“Nothing.” Xiao Yun replied with a stern voice, “Miss Ye, please return to your room and continue resting. I’ll call you when the plane has landed.” 
Yet Ye Xingguang could hear the sound of ‘thump’, ‘thump; ‘thump’ continuously coming from the bathroom. 
It sounded like someone was beating the door with their fists, as she could see indents appearing on it. 
“Who’s inside?” she asked curiously. 
“It’s Mr. Qing, he’s drunk and raving. Miss Ye, please don’t concern yourself with it,” one of the bodyguards replied. 
“What, has his old illness returned?” 
Drunk and raving? Did they think she was a fool? 
She has seen Ye Junqings tortured state after his illness before. 
“Didn’t his illness just flare up a few days ago? It hasn’t been long. His sickness recurs too frequently, doesn’t it?” 
To the surprise of the bodyguards, including Xiao Yun, Ye Xingguang was aware of Ye Junqings illness. 
Xiao Yun said, “Mr. Qings illness doesn’t follow a regular pattern and it’s hard to prepare for it. That’s why we have many bodyguards accompanying him during every trip. The ive isn’t to protect him, but to control him and protect others.” 
Ye Xingguang was stunned. “Really? No wonder he goes to work with a fleet of cars every day. I thought he was just showing off, but there’s this reason too. Don’t lock the door. Let him out. He’s very uncomfortable when he’s sick, trembling from the cold, his whole body shaking…” 
Xiao Yun wanted to say, it wasn’t that he was trembling from the cold, but from trying to resist the urge to drink human blood, shivering with teeth chattering due to the exertion. 
‘Thump’, ‘thump’, ‘thump’… 
The sound of fists pounding the door didn’t stop. 
Ye Junqing couldn’t control himself, his mind filled with tempting ‘food’ outside the door. He despised himself at that moment, feeling like a monster. If possible, he would rather be pounding his own head with his fists! 
He felt like a vampire, or a zombie. The scenes from zombie movies where mindless, soulless zombies frantically search for human flesh to tear apart were utterly repugnant. He thought, at that moment, he was no more beautiful than those zombies! noveldrama
Once, Xiaoyuwei saw him like this and was totally disgusted. Perhaps it was one of the reasons why, despite cherishing her in the palm of his hand, he couldn’t win her love back. Which woman would want to spend her life with a monster? 
“Thump…” 
Thinking about it, the man who could devise strategies and command winds and clouds in the business world felt a defeat unparalleled in his life. It was as if he was venting his frustration; this punch was stronger than any other, so hard that it punched right through the door, hitting a bodyguard squarely on the face. 
Caught off guard, the bodyguard’s head jerked to one side, creating an angle that allowed Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing to see each other through the damaged door. 
The sight of a pair of clear and bright eyes colliding with a pair of crimson ones startled Ye Xingguang. 
Ye Junqing quickly averted his gaze, even moving his body to block her view. He didn’t want her to see him in this terrible state. 
This time his condition was obviously worse than the last time she saw him. 
Back then, when there was only her within five hundred meters, he could still maintain his elegance and sacred dignity. But now, every person on the plane was like an accelerant, revealing his hideous and repulsive side, with nowhere to hide. 
“Xiao Yun, knock her out!” Ye Junqing growled softly. 
He didn’t want her to see the worst of him!
###Chapter 117: How Afraid is He of her Disgust 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang had no idea who the ‘she’ Ye Junqing was referring to, but as Xiao Yun’s gaze fell on her, she jolted anxiously. “What? Ye Junqing, you malignant tumor, why are you ordering your bodyguard to knock me out?” 
“Xiao Yun, can’t you hear my orders?!” Ye Junqings low growl was filled with hoarseness. 
Xiao Yun was caught in a dilemma. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang looked at Xiao Yun warily, “You, don’t come near me. If you dare to knock me out, I’ll report Ye Junqing for domestic violence at the civil affairs bureau! Have you all gone mad? As his old illness flares up, you lock him in the toilet? Don’t you know that what he needs most right now is to lie down peacefully? He could do with a hug pillow too!” 
This was the conclusion Ye Xingguang came up with from observing Ye Junqing’s most recent episode. Despite discussing serious issues, her face involuntarily blushed. 
The bodyguards were taken aback, “A hug pillow? We’ve never heard of that.” 
Ye Xingguang forced herself not to blush, “Isn’t that so? During his last attack, he… cough, cough… used me as a hug pillow the whole night. Now, get out of his way, let him out. The toilet stinks, doesn’t it? Even if it doesn’t, it’s still the place with the most bacteria. Beware of his resistance falling and disease invading! 
The bodyguards simply went: . 
How is that possible? 
When Master Qing is sick, he fears people the most, let alone hugging Miss Ye all night unless he was treating her as food. 
One bodyguard asked, “Miss Ye, that night, did Master Qing bite you?” 
“No, why would he bite me?” 
The bodyguard continued, “That’s impossible then! When Master Qing is sick, he can’t resist wanting to draw human blood. The best way is to lock him up and keep everyone away from him. Getting close to him will only exacerbate his condition. How could he possibly hold you all night without biting you…” 
“Shut up!” Ye Junqing didn’t dare to imagine, if Little Mermaid knew about his strange illness, how much she would despise him!” 
Ye Xingguang was indeed frightened, “Dra..Draw human blood?” 
What kind of strange disease is this? 
This guy, he isn’t a vampire, is he? 
Ye Xingguang immediately rushed back to her bedroom and locked the door. 
Hearing the commotion, Ye Junqings clenched fists creaked, his scarlet eyes dulled like a collapsing building. As he expected, the more he feared her disgust, the more she truly disgusted him… 
Ye Junqing took out his phone, looking at her Weibo post for the day. He stared at the words “True Love is Unstoppable”, the corners of his thin lips curled into mockery. 
Seeing Ye Xingguangs actions, Xiao Yun couldn’t hide the disappointment in his voice, “Master Qing, this isn’t the solution. Should we tie you up?” 
Ye Junqings hoarse voice, filled with sardonic laughter: “Do you think ordinary ropes can restrain me?” 
After becoming ill, Master Qings strength was immense. Even with the help of twenty or so bodyguards and his own cooperation, they could barely restrain him. If he was unwilling, twenty or so people were no match for him, let alone an ordinary rope, which he could break with a little effort. 
Xiao Yun suggested hopefully, “Let’s give it a try. I’ll find something stronger than a rope. We will accompany you through this!” 
Xiao Yun found three spare iron chains in the airplane’s cargo compartment, tied Ye Junqing tightly to the seat, and then everyone tried to stay as far away from him as possible. But how far could they really be, all confined within a private jet? 
Seeing Master Qing in such pain, they would rather cut their own arms and feed their fresh blood to him. But they couldn’t, that was worse than killing Master Qing and something he couldn’t bear.. Because, everyone knew, Master Qing could never tolerate himself becoming a bloodsucking devil!
###Chapter 118: Ye Xingguang, How Dare You! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Xiao Yun approached, carrying a hot cup of water, and offered it to Ye Junqing. 
“Lord Junqing, take a sip of this water to ease your mind. Miss Ye… she might just be scared. You can’t blame her for being terrified when hearing about this kind of thing, especially since she’s just a recent college graduate.” 
Xiao Yun stared at the closed bedroom door, unsure of what to say. 
He was disappointed. If this was how Miss Ye reacted, she didn’t deserve to stay by Lord Junqings side. 
“This is good.” Ye Junqing smiled. 
He suppressed the wild uproar inside every cell of his body. It felt like every one of his cells was either a vampire or zombie on a train packed with monsters, ready to break through the window and take a bite out of someone. 
“Isn’t this normal? I was overthinking…” 
He had gotten ahead of himself, misguidedly believing that she would be the same as before – persistent, annoying and impossible to get rid of. But reality slapped him hard in the face. 
History was always eerily similar, there was no future between them! The government assigned her to him, it was torture for both of them! 
“Creak 
The tightly shut bedroom door suddenly swung open. 
Ye Xingguang emerged from the bedroom, carefully carrying a bowl of red liquid to Ye Junqing. 
“Quick, drink this. It will temporarily alleviate your discomfort.” 
“Miss Ye, you…” 
Xiao Yun stared at the alarming red in shock. 
Ye Junqing also spotted the red liquid. Before he could hide his disappointment, he was filled with fury, his eyes turned red, veins popping, yelling: “Ye Xingguang, what’s this! You dare! You dare to draw blood!” “Huh? It’s not blood, don’t misunderstand, you’re not worth me drawing blood to feed you.” Ye Xingguang replied. 
“Then tell me, what is this!” 
Did she think he was a fool? 
How could she dare to, why would she… 
What was she trying to accomplish? 
A physical discomfort was nothing compared to the shock and sting brought by the bowl of fresh red blood. Pain… Heartache… 
He would never allow her to harm herself like this! 
“It’s really not blood!” Ye Xingguang hurriedly explained. 
“Leave!” Ye Junqing didn’t want to listen. If he could move his hands and feet, he would have pushed her away himself. 
Ye Xingguang was furious. Something she’d put great effort into was rejected, she was glad that he was immobile so she could do as she pleased, and proceeded to bring the bowl to his lips. 
“Just take a sip. Open your mouth, good boy, ah…” 
“Go! Go away!’ 
“Ye Junqing refused, turning his head, “Xiao Yun, get rid of her!” 
Xiao Yun, stunned for a while, immediately stopped Ye Xingguang from doing as she pleased to Lord Junqing. He could not accept this, it was even more unbearable than killing Lord Junqing. 
“Miss Ye, if Lord Junqing wanted to drink blood, he wouldn’t need you. Any of us would be willing to draw our own blood to feed him, but… Lord Junqing doesn’t drink blood.’ noveldrama
“I’ve already said this isn’t blood. Can’t you understand plain language?” 
She was so frustrated! 
“Then what is this?” asked Xiao Yun. 
Ye Xingguang hesitated on how to explain, finally muttering noncommittally: “Why do you have so many questions? Instead of wasting time, you should help me hold his head still so he can drink this medicine!” 
But the overpowering smell of blood made for a poor argument. Xiao Yun knew Lord Junqing would never drink blood and didn’t help her..
###Chapter 119: Little One, I Can’t Feed You 
Yet!1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was desperate; the medicine had a time limit, and Night Monarch stubbornly kept his mouth shut. His bodyguards were just as immovable, not a single one of them helped her pry open his mouth. What was she supposed to do now? 
Feeling helpless, Ye Xingguang suddenly took a large gulp from the bowl herself and then, abruptly embraced Night Monarch’s head. 
“Little brat, I’ll make sure you take your medicine.” 
Night Monarch’s thick eyelashes flew up; he couldn’t believe the sudden assault from the little mermaid. He was completely spellbound. What was she doing? 
Xiao Yun, who stood aside, was stunned into forgetting to intervene. 
The bodyguards standing at a distance all shared the same reaction, their mouths gaping: 
Ye Xingguang decided to be carefree about it, not minding about anything else. Her only thought was to get the medicine down his throat first! 
After all, he was her assigned husband. Even though it was a one-year marriage, she could not just watch him die. Especially since he had severely chastised Xia Yanyan for her today in the ward and declared his fondness for her, the ‘ugly fish,’ which had flooded her with satisfaction. 
Because of his behavior in the ward, she had to save him today. 
Still looking dazed and lost, Night Monarch was caught off guard by Ye Xingguang, and the medicine went straight down his throat. 
Having achieved her mission, Ye Xingguang mentally praised her own cleverness, quickly releasing the hold on Night Monarch’s head and getting ready to feed him the second spoonful. 
A swallow, and Night Monarch’s veins bulged out as he warned, “Ye 
Xingguang, if you dare to feed me again, I’ll kill you!’ 
Ye Xingguang hesitated in her action to take a sip of the medicine and then defiantly said, “I’ll feed you, so what can you do about it!” 
A man bound hand and foot has no right to be arrogant in front of her. 
Night Monarch’s exceptionally handsome face twisted in anger: “Have you no shame?” 
“…You!” Ye Xingguang was hurt by the comment. 
She was trying to save him, and this is what he had to say to her? 
She could not wait to roll back into her room and sleep. Who cared whether he lived or died( 
But, “How am I being shameless? You are my official husband, assigned to me by the state. Anything I do to you is legal, right? Don’t tell me about going separate ways after a year. That’s the matter for next year. But as for this year, you have no right, no qualification to criticize me! Plus, don’t forget about your Weibo post today… You know what you said on Weibo!” 
“I just did that for my brother! Don’t flatter yourself! You try feeding me another spoon!” Night Monarch was irate. 
Who wanted to drink her blood! noveldrama
Who wanted to turn into a blood-sucking demon! 
Who allowed her to harm her body like this and force him! 
Every cell in Night Monarch’s body screamed out for a drink, but he refused to let his desires get the better of him and turn into a blood-sucking puppet! 
Is that so? Ye Xingguang felt upset. 
But she almost immediately shot back: “Who’s flattering themselves? Everyone knows you did it for your brother; those Weibo posts were also for your brother. Every day, our head of department stresses over how to clear your negative image, we have meetings every day to brainstorm damage control and get scolded till there’s nothing left. Isn’t this all for work?” 
Night Monarch glared at her coldly: “Is that so? Then you don’t need to feed me. Go back to your room! I don’t want to see you!’ 
Ye Xingguangs eyes reddened, “Do you think I like looking at you? I’m only trying to save you because you like Xia Qiongqiong. Qiongqiong was my best friend when I was a child.. I am just repaying your graciousness for liking
###Chapter 120: That Young Man… 1 
Translator: 549690339 
After speaking, she wanted to take another sip of her medicine. She couldn’t waste it! 
Ye Junqing watched her, his pupils constricting violently. He stuttered in a desperate effort to push her away, maintaining his cold denial: “Who said I like Qiongqiong Xia?” 
“Wasn’t it you who confessed in front of the Xia family in the hospital room? Ask your bodyguards, they all heard it!” 
Xiao Yun had no idea who Qiongqiong Xia was; Was she another Xia’s family’s daughter? 
Ye Junqing, afraid that she would feed him blood again, looked sicker than ever. He didn’t think before he spoke; “That was just an excuse I made up, just trying to avoid owing the Xia family copyright fees! Do you not understand that a businessman is concerned only with profit? The mermaid-themed park brings me significant wealth each year, why wouldn’t I build it? Which businessman would ignore opportunities to make money? Do you understand now? It isn’t for Qiongqiong Xia. Go back to your room, now! Xiao Yun, are you standing there like a statue?” noveldrama
Xiao Yun felt that he couldn’t let these two continue their conversation; any further would be like watching two hedgehogs hurting each other in their attempts to show affection. 
Without hesitation, Xiao Yun grabbed Ye Xingguangs arm, pulled her into the bedroom, and closed the door from the outside. 
But at this moment, Xiao Yun was utterly disappointed in Ye Xingguang, and he had no lingering hope left for her! 
Miss Ye, was not afraid but wanted to cut herself to feed Master Ye with her blood. Good girl! 
No wonder Master Qing liked her. 
I believe that Master Qing was touched by her actions at this moment. 
Ye Xingguang sat on her bed, harshly wiping her mouth, cursing internally at the greedy businessman, the bastard who loved money but was a complete jerk. Why would he speak about liking Qiongqiong Xia in the hospital room if he didn’t truly like her? She had assumed too much and got humiliated! 
Luckily, he didn’t know that she was Qiongqiong Xia, otherwise, where would she hide her face? 
Ye Xingguang kicked the foot of her bed vigorously, he’s a heartless jerk, it serves him right to be uncomfortable. She had sacrificed her mouth only to be insulted by him, she felt so shameless! 
Luckily, it wasn’t her first kiss! 
She had given away her first kiss many years ago, to her first love! 
A long time ago, at sea, she was saved by a young man, but sadly, he died saving her. Once she found out her tears were a regret medicine, she would countless times wish to go back in time, and change the young man’s fate of dying to save her. 
Unfortunately, she had always failed. 
Regret medicine only gave people one chance to rethink, but it couldn’t influence the heart’s choice. 
That young man was firm in his will, no matter how many chances she gave 
him, he chose to unhesitatingly save her and in the process lost his life… 
With these thoughts, Ye Xingguangs eyes reddened. A life-saving grace was indeed something one would remember for a lifetime, but unfortunately, her first love had died long ago. 
Outside the room, Ye Junqing sat on a chair, his lips pressed tightly, and his cold eyes occasionally glanced at the bowl of blood on the little table next to him. 
Depths of those eyes pricked with pain! 
His emotions swung like a pendulum! 
He couldn’t understand why she would cut herself to feed him. Shouldn’t she hate him and despise him like before? Why had she changed? 
Once he calmed down, Ye Junqing realized what he had said to her. He regretted it so much…Well, he would explain it tomorrow. 
However, his body had significantly relieved because of the blood she had just fed him. The intolerable feeling that his body was going to explode was less intense; moreover, his willpower gradually overcame, making him feel less tortured….
###Chapter 121: The Big Cancer, That’s Hao! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
He smacked his lips, seemingly still lingering the touch of her soft lips. It was the first time she had initiated it… 
Ye Junqing closed his eyes and thought back. When wasn’t he the one forcing her, resulting in her tearful gaze full of hatred? 
Xiao Yun picked up the bowl on the table, his fingers wet with the liquid in the bowl. Surprised, he said, “Master Qing, this doesn’t seem to be blood.” Despite the strong smell of blood, he wouldn’t mistake blood for water. 
“What did you say?” Ye Junqing turned his head to look at him. 
Xiao Yun said, “Could it be that we misunderstood Miss Ye? Shall I go in and 
But Xiao Yun hoped that it was a beautiful misunderstanding. 
“Master Qing, how did it taste when you had a sip?” noveldrama
Ye Junqing was somewhat exhausted. Just now, when he thought that Ye 
Xingguang was feeding him her blood, he was deeply moved after his initial fury. Now that Xiao Yun told him it was not blood, his feelings were mixed, whether relieved or something else… 
Ye Junqing shook his head. Even if it was not blood, he had smelled the strong stench of blood. Who knows how that girl managed to create it? 
Had she harmed herself in the process? 
Ye Junqing shook his head, “Forget it, I’m very tired, keep your distance.” 
Although the desire for blood in his body had eased a lot, his face was still pale, and his teeth were still chattering… 
The plane landed at the Z city airport. Ye Junqing had already passed out. 
Not only did Ye Junqing’s private plane carry passengers, but it also carried his vehicles: eleven Rolls-Royces. 
Ye Xingguang came out from the bedroom, directly got into one of the cars on the plane. Glancing at the vehicle her bodyguard requested her to enter, Ye Junqing was sleeping in the reclined seat. Ye Xingguang snorted and refused to get in. 
She opened the door of another car and slammed it shut angrily. 
Indeed, such a despicable man and malignant tumor indeed exploited the working people for his wealth. Extravagant! 
Humph, under the guise of liking her, not paying the Xia family copyright fees, building mermaid-themed parks everywhere, earning immense wealth. Now it’s only fair for her to enjoy his plane and his cars.! 
Helpless, Xiao Yun signaled for the driver to start. 
Eleven Rolls-Royces, like moving palaces, raced out of the plane and off the airport. 
Late at night, at the hotel where the World Economic Conference was held, the organizers arranged a separate villa for Ye Junqing. 
After taking a bath, Ye Xingguang was ready for bed. However, thinking about what Ye Junqing had said on the plane, she was so upset that she tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep. 
faintly, she heard voices of people talking outside the room. 
She never told anyone that she had lived in the sea for years and had developed especially good hearing. In the dead of night, she was able to hear every word of the conversation between two people outside her window. 
It was Fu Zhuo asking a bodyguard about Ye Junqing. 
Fu Zhuo: “What’s going on? Xiao Yun said that Master Qing went to Miss Xia’s sick room today and slapped her hard. Is that true?” 
The bodyguard replied, “What Brother Xiao said is true, Secretary Fu, do you know that the Xia Family has another daughter?” 
Fu Zhuo: “l know, Xia Qiongqiong.” 
The bodyguard responded, “Did the Xia family actually throw their own daughter into the sea?” 
Fu Zhuo said, “Not thrown, but fell into the sea by accident. This happened many years ago. Because the Ye family are the shipping tycoons, Xia Ye Zhao once asked Master Qing to use all maritime resources to find someone for him. He said that his sister unfortunately fell into the sea..”
###Chapter 122: Laying in the Crematorium Thinking of Pursuing a Wife_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Fu Zhuo said, “At that time, Master Qing was still small, just starting junior high. Xia Ye Zhao was already a high school sensation. Xia Ye Zhao asked Master Qing for help. Master Qing couldn’t refuse, but unfortunately, they didn’t find her in the end.’ 
The bodyguard asked, “Does Master Qing like this girl?” 
Fu Zhuo said, “How could it be! Master Qing has never even seen her.” 
The bodyguard said, “Xia!s Family’s parents said that if it weren’t for Master Qing liking Miss Xia Yanyan, they wouldn’t have let him establish so many theme parks without paying royalties. Master Qing outright denied that he liked Miss Xia Yanyan. Master Qing said that he likes the other daughter of the 
Xia’s Family.” 
Fu Zhuo said, “Ah, the theme park matter? When Master Qing wanted to build a theme park, he needed the Xia’s Family’s copyright. Master Qing went to find Xia Ye Zhao. Xia Ye Zhao asked Master Qing for a reason. Master Qing casually mentioned his admiration for his sister who drowned in the sea. 
Later, when I asked Master Qing if it was true, he revealed that he made it up. The theme park, an investment that makes money while lying down, was all thanks to that lie which made Xia Ye Zhao sign a contract without royalties, a wonderful win-win situation!” 
The bodyguard said, “Does the eldest son of the Xia’s Family actually believe 
Fu Zhuo said, “At that time, Xia Ye Zhao of course didn’t believe Master Qings words. Master Qing forcefully fabricated a life-saving favor. He claimed that if 
Xia Ye Zhao hadn’t initially asked him for help in finding his sister, Master Qing was supposed to take a vacation by plane. But the plane he missed crashed. Fortunately, Master Qing didn’t board the plane, otherwise, he would be on the victims’ list. Master Qing said that it was clearly Xia Ye Zhao’s sister who protected him, so he wants to build a theme park to commemorate her.” 
Ugh! Ye Xingguang thought as she lay in her bed, who would be interested in protecting you, and who the hell wants you to commemorate me! 
He truly is a crafty businessman who spares no effort! 
But, her older brother had been looking for her. The heartache inflicted by her parents today, Ye Xingguang feels a hint of warmth. 
If there’s one person in the Xia’s Family who still cares about her, then it’s definitely her older brother. 
Ye Xingguang happily closed her eyes. 
Early the next morning, Ye Jun Qing woke up. He couldn’t control his steps and quickly went to her room. 
But, Ye Xingguang still hadn’t awoken, half of her face buried in the pillow. noveldrama
The hotel’s bedsheets and pillows were white. The dawn light entered from the window, making everything clean, warm, and attractive. 
Ye Jun Qing put a fresh rose, which he picked from the little garden, on her pillow. The white sheets highlighted the stunning beauty of the rose, though even the most stunning rose couldn’t compare to her lovely face. 
The memories of last night flooded back into his mind, warming up his frozen heart. 
He couldn’t help the smile forming at the corner of his mouth. 
Little Mermaid, so you do have moments when you care about me? 
Gently patting her soft hair, he bends down, wanting to express a little… 
The Little Mermaid’s long eyelashes suddenly quivered. She stretched out her long arms as if stretching, and Ye Jun Qing held both of her hands, then bent down again… 
Ye Xingguang felt like she had a dream, a dream where she couldn’t breathe, 
When she woke up, standing in front of the washbasin, she saw her swollen lips. She screamed! 
She didn’t even finish washing her face, rushed into the living room in a rage, looking at Xiao Yun who was talking to Fu Zhuo, she immediately said: “Brother, this hotel is unsafe. There was a thief in my room last night, I’m going to call the police!” 
[Author’s note: If you have recommendation tickets, please give them to me!]
###Chapter 123: Miss Ye is the apple of Mr. Qing’s eye!1 
Translator: 549690339 
Xiao Yun was taken aback: “Miss Ye, what happened?” 
“Look at my mouth!” Ye Xingguang said, too angry to speak. 
Xiao Yun’s gaze landed on Ye Xingguangs swollen mouth, and thinking of the sight he had bumped into in the morning of Ye’s lord leaving Miss Ye’s room, he couldn’t help but cough lightly. Just as he was about to explain, Fu Zhuo suddenly dramatically pointed at Ye Xingguang from the side: 
“Weren’t you that handsome young man who went to the concert with Ye’s lord a few days ago? Why are you here?” 
Before Ye Xingguang could speak, Fu Zhuo was already stimulated. He exclaimed in disbelief: “Ye’s lord is so absurd, bringing a handsome young man here, and to deceive people, even let him dress as a girl?” 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!” 
Who’s cross-dressing? 
As if he could read minds, Fu Zhuo exploded: “Don’t think that just because you’re wearing a wig, 1 wouldn’t recognize you as the young man who disappeared without a word at the concert that night. Do you know who Ye’s lord is? How dare you lead him astray!’ 
Fearing that Fu Zhuo’s mind would wander further, Xiao Yun quickly interrupted: “Fu Zhuo, this is Miss Ye.” 
“What Miss Ye, do you think I’m confused? Miss Ye isn’t as pretty as him! This is obviously…” 
Xiao Yun massaged his forehead: “This really is Miss Ye, this is what Miss Ye looks like without makeup. She probably is unskilled in makeup, and the young man you saw that day was also Miss Ye. Ye’s lord knew Miss Ye was dressing as a man, so he took Miss Ye to the concert.” 
Fu zhuo: r . 
Ye Xingguang: noveldrama
What, did Ye’s lord recognize her at that time too? 
“How is this possible? If that handsome young man was Miss Ye, what was 
Ye’s lord thinking that night?” 
Could it be, Ye!s lord really likes Miss Ye? 
No, he needs to calm down! 
Ye Xingguang felt, she needs to calm down too! 
But she didn’t forget about reporting the accident. Xiao Yun said he would check first, and she let it go. After breakfast, she rushed to the conference site to find her senior from KOCO TV station. 
Rebecca Perry, who came with the TV station’s senior, almost didn’t recognize Ye Xingguang when she saw her! 
“You…you are Ye Xingguang?” 
The senior from KOCO TV station, Yu Bin, couldn’t take his eyes off her face: “Xingguang, how did you come here? You look even better, with bigger eyes, a sharper nose, even your chin has become more pointed, you look like a different person. ” 
Because she was brought over at the last minute, she didn’t have any makeup on, revealing her original clean and exceptionally beautiful features. 
Ye Xingguang smiled: “I got interviews with a few big shots, so the station manager arranged for me to come here. I specially put on makeup for the big shots’ interview, the makeup technique isn’t bad right?” 
“Gorgeous, you could become the most beautiful reporter in our department.” 
Rebecca Perry, the most beautiful female reporter, felt particularly uncomfortable hearing this. 
It’s just the effect of makeup, her actual appearance is far inferior to hers, what is there to brag about? 
Ye Xingguang directly ignored Rebecca Perry’s glare. Despite Ye being such a jerk, he did keep his promise to her. 
At noon time, Xiao Yun personally came over and said that Ye’s lord wanted to have lunch with several well-known personalities in the financial industry and at the dining table, she would be able to interview these important people while having the meal. 
“Really? We can have lunch with Mr. Ye?” Rebecca Perry, who was standing nearby, was almost flying with excitement. 
Xiao Yun glanced at Christine dismissively: “Ye’s lord only said, inviting Miss 
Ye alone.’ 
Rebecca Perry protested: “Why only her, we are also reporters from KOCO TV station.” 
Because, Miss Ye is the apple of Ye’s lord’s eye!
###Chapter 124: She Suddenly Found Her Mainstay_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Xiao Yun didn’t pay any attention to Rebecca Perry, he only gestured to Ye 
Xingguang: “Miss Ye, please.” 
“Mr. Yu, I used my official connections to get hold of Mr. Ye, so should I go over first?” Ye Xingguang explained to her senior Yu Bin. 
Understanding, Yu Bin thought for a while, then gave her a set of light and portable photography equipment he had with him. noveldrama
“Take this equipment and do a good job with the interview. You have a promising future, young lady.” 
Before Ye Xingguang could take it, Xiao Yun moved fast: “Give it to me. It’s basic etiquette for a gentleman to serve a lady.” 
Seeing Ye Xingguang being respectfully escorted away by Mr. Ye’s sidekick, Rebecca Perry felt as if her heart was filled with cotton. 
Just who had Ye Xingguang managed to charm? She had a fancy car picking her up the other day, and now she’s in with Mr. Ye! 
If it hadn’t been for Ye Xingguang pushing the incapable Yun Chen on her, perhaps the person Ye Xingguang charmed could have been hers. She should have been the one being escorted out so grandly! 
Rebecca Perry was stuck in this delusion, increasingly feeling that Ye Xingguang had robbed her of a lifetime of happiness! 
The place for dinner was at the hotel’s finest restaurant, just as Xiao Yun opened the door to the private room for her, she was taken aback… 
The room was filled with finance industry elites sitting around the table. Normally, you would only catch sight of them on professional finance magazines or finance news. Suddenly stepping into this private room, Ye Xingguang was feeling overwhelmed. 
Xiao Yun placed her photography equipment on the table next to them, and whispered to her: “Seems like the master has gone to the restroom. That’s his seat over there, and the one next to him is yours. If you don’t need anything now, I’ll step out.” 
Ye Xingguang nodded. 
After Xiao Yun left, Ye Xingguang bravely walked up to the dining table, noticed that the people at the table were watching her, so she introduced herself: “Gentlemen, I’m a reporter from KOCO TV Station, my name is Ye 
Xingguang, and Mr. Ye has arranged for me to conduct an exclusive interview with you all.” 
So, she was a reporter. 
Indeed, Mr. Ye had mentioned he wanted a reporter from KOCO under Ye i s banner to conduct an exclusive interview with them. 
A man named Chu You was obviously smitten with Ye Xingguang, after observing her for a while, he poured her a glass of red wine and said: “The young lady is quite pretty. Drink this glass of wine, and I’ll accept your interview, how about it?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to drink, so she made an excuse: “Mr. Chu, I’m allergic to alcohol. Let me toast you with tea instead.” 
“You’re not giving me face then.” Chu You was a bit offended. 
Ye Xingguang was a bit embarrassed. She suddenly missed Mr. Ye. If he was here, she wouldn’t have to toast, right? 
During Mrs. Ye’s birthday party, whenever someone wanted her to drink, Mr. Ye always shielded her. 
She knew that it was always this way at dining tables. When there was pressure to drink, she, being a mere peon, couldn’t resist. Ye Xingguang lifted the cup in her hand, held it high with both hands, and said: “Then, let me toast you, Mr. Chu.” 
Chu You raised his glass: “That’s being sensible.” 
“The wine she toasted, Chu You, I think you wouldn’t dare to drink.” 
At this point, Mr. Ye came in through the door with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. He glanced at the cup in Ye Xingguangs hand, signaling with his eyes for her to put it down. 
Ye Xingguang immediately put down her cup. Seeing Mr. Ye, she suddenly felt relieved. 
In his casual strolling, Mr. Ye had already approached Ye Xingguang. As soon as he sat down, his long arm was draped over the back of her chair, nonchalantly resting on her shoulder. Then, stretching his long legs, he looked at Chu You: “If you want to drink, toast me..”
###Chapter 125: Why Expose Her Identity to the Outside World? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Mr. Qing, this…” Chu You was dumbfounded by Ye Junqing’s words, caught in a bind, not sure whether he should drink or not. 
The others sensed the uneasy atmosphere, and they burst into laughter, trying to lighten the mood. 
“Mr. Qing, so protective of yes employees? Good boss.” 
But Ye Xingguang felt somewhat uncomfortable. 
She tried to pry off Ye Junqings arm from her shoulder, but his action, though seemingly casual, concealed dominance and persistence. 
This man, can’t he sit properly? Why does he need to embrace her? 
Chu You joked awkwardly, “Mr. Qing, are you always this considerate towards your TV station’s employees? I just asked her to toast a drink, and you are disgracing me like this? Can we even sit at the same table and eat anymore?” 
“If you think we can’t, just go out and close the door.” 
Ye Junqings words didn’t leave anyone any face, but everyone could see, his mood wasn’t bad. From the expression on his face, it was as if he finally saw spring after enduring a whole winter, as if the glaring ice mountain was melting, and everything was reviving… 
Traces of his overwhelming doting were spreading subtly from him, making it a bit too obvious. 
Another handsome guy named Lin Hanfeng figured it out. He laughed and said, “Mr. Qing, aren’t you going to introduce her?” 
Lin Hanfeng ranks among the top ten single bachelors, formerly ranked eighth. After Ye Junqing withdrew from the list, Lin Hanfeng is now ranked seventh. noveldrama
Ye Junqing had been waiting for this opportunity to introduce his sweetheart. Upon hearing Lin’s words, he propped up his chin with one hand and laughed, “Weren’t you curious who stole my heart, allowing you to move up one rank on the list? Here she is, the real deal. Don’t you want to pay your respects?” His seemingly nonchalant tone was filled with hidden pride! 
Upon hearing this, everyone turned to look at Ye Xingguang in disbelief. Was she the lucky ‘carp girl’ they had all heard about? 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback. Why was this man revealing her identity? 
Hadn’t he been keeping it a secret all along, causing all the media outlets to rack their brains without gaining any information? 
Lin Hanfeng had already stood up, insisting on shaking hands with Ye Xingguang, “So it’s the Carp Girl, I’ve heard so much about you. Your hands must be blessed with luck, let me see… 
“You think you can touch my woman’s hand?” Ye Junqing swiftly slapped Lin Hanfengs hand away. 
Lin Hanfeng was taken aback, so even a handshake was forbidden? Was Ye really smitten? 
But indeed the girl was beautiful, with skin as smooth as cream, alluring as a peach blossom, eyebrows like willow leaves, and eyes like twinkling stars. Where was such a great beauty from? It was so unfair of the nation, why hand such a stunning girl to Ye Junqing? 
Lin Hanfeng rubbed his chin and pondered, “l used to doubt the matrimonial data system, but now it seems it indeed dug up a gem. How did they assign her to you? No wonder you started making steak for her personally within a month. If the girl is this pretty, I wouldn’t mind letting the government make the match.’ 
Ye Junqing gave him a ‘keep dreaming look, “Have you forgotten to pay your single tax?” 
“How could l? I’ve already paid a decade in advance!” 
Ye Junqing gave a cold laugh: “Then why are you wasting your breath? Someone who hasn’t even got an entry ticket isn’t qualified to ask such a question.” 
Lin Hanfeng refused to accept, “Who says paying the single tax means not getting an entry ticket? I also received a text message from the civil affairs office, saying that I was nearly matched with a girl. It scared me into checking whether my single tax had expired.. Don’t tell me you want to see it?”
###Chapter 126: What kind of fate is this?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Having said this, Lin Hanfeng pulled out his phone, found the message and read out: 
“System notification: According to big data matching, you have been selected by the system for Ye Xingguangs draw. A match made miles away, we hope you get struck by her Cupid’s arrow.” 
After reading, Lin Hanfeng was taken aback, “Wait, sister-in-law, what did you say your name was?” 
“Ye Xingguang. ” 
Lin Hanfeng showed her the message on his phone, “Is it this Ye Xingguang?” 
Ye Xingguang leaned over to read the message, freeing her shoulder from Ye 
Junqing’s hand, “Yes, it is this Ye Xingguang.” 
Lin Hanfeng got excited, “Could it be that I’m one of your draw entries and our birth charts have somehow aligned? What a coincidence! ” 
Ye Xingguang looked at the time the message was received, equally excited, “It is really me! The time when you got the message is exactly when I was at the civil affairs bureau getting a draw. It cannot be wrong!’ 
Lin Hanfeng was ecstatic, “Sister-in-law, your Cupid’s arrow almost hit me. Why didn’t you pick my number then? I remember my number, 88888888, how could you miss such a conspicuous one?” 
Ye Xingguang excitedly responded, “l know! I felt that number was so ostentatious, I wanted to pick it, but the system’s draw time was too short. Before I could click on it, the system had already chosen for me.” 
Ye Xingguangs voice was full of regret, completely unaware that the man beside her had turned completely black with pique. noveldrama
Regretful about what? This little brat, isn’t he aware that I’m still here! 
The atmosphere in the room suddenly dropped as if they were in Siberia. Ye Junqings icy gaze fell on Lin Hanfeng. He wished he could turn Cupid’s arrow into a hundred poison arrows and shoot him into a beehive! 
Everyone else in the room repeatedly signaled Lin Hanfeng to change the topic, but Lin Hanfeng was oblivious to their hints. 
Ye Junqing, said through gritted teeth, “Hand me your phone.” 
Ye Xingguang handed over the phone, “Look, he really was one of my draw entries. Isn’t this such a coincidence?” 
Maybe if she had drawn this big shot, they could have had a good relationship. He looked easier to get along with than Ye Junqing, and he was also handsome, definitely the sort of guy a girl would want to marry – and most importantly, he seemed to like her too! 
Unlike Ye Junqing, who acts like a monster that only knows how to tell her to scram! 
And maybe Ye Junqing would be happy too. That way, he wouldn’t have to reluctantly accept her. It’s a win-win! 
Oh, what a pity! 
Why couldn’t she have been quicker then? 
Ye Xingguangs face was full of regret. 
Seeing her expression made Ye Junqing feel like adding fuel to the fire. How could Lin Hanfeng even compare to him? 
Smoke seemed to be coming from Ye Junqings nostrils as he squinted his eyes: 
“System notification: You have been eliminated by other competitors and missed out on Miss Ye Xingguang. Don’t be discouraged, work hard, earn money, study hard and improve your competitiveness in hopes of hitting the target next time and successfully escaping singleton.” 
Ye Junqing sneered and flung the phone back to Lin Hanfeng, “The system told you to work hard and earn money in order to have a chance of escaping singleton. Are your eyes so big you can’t even see this? The birth charts didn’t align at all!” 
Lin Hanfeng, . 
Ye Junqing ignored Lin Hanfeng and shot a warning look at Ye Xingguang, “And you, where’s the biggest coincidence? Didn’t you see the message? He was eliminated by other competitors. It’s survival of the fittest.. What do you have to regret about?”
###Chapter 127: Composing for the Moonlight 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang puckered her mouth, what was gotten into this man? 
Wasn’t it that he didn’t want her to approach him? If she were to approach someone else, wouldn’t that be exactly what he wished for? 
Chu You wish he could poke his eyes out. Not recognizing the obvious opportunities right in front of him, he was blindsided by the fact that the system could single out two major troublemakers for her to choose from. This woman must be extraordinary: he had seriously miscalculated his moves. 
Thinking this, Chu You immediately lifted his glass to change the topic: “Sis, I must’ve been blind not to recognize what was in front of me. I will punish myself with three drinks. After this meal, I will be the first to accept your interview. No one else should steal my chance.” 
After speaking, he really did punish himself with three drinks. 
Lin Hanfeng was not pleased: “Chu You, what are you competing for? As for fate, 1 am merely a glance behind Mr. Ye. Sister-in-law, 1 must be the first one to accept the interview, otherwise it would be an insult to our fate.” Ye Xingguang nodded vigorously with a full-faced smile: “Alright, it’s you then.’ 
After saying that, she didn’t care about the angry man’s opinion. She saw the waiter serving a dish she liked, picked up her chopsticks and immediately moved it to her plate, focusing on the meal before her. 
After she had eaten her fill, she conducted an exclusive interview with Lin Hanfeng, oblivious to a certain person who had mentally strangled her a thousand times in his heart. 
After all the interviews were finished, she found Yu Bin from her station and returned the filming equipment to him. 
Having watched the people she interviewed, Yu Bin couldn’t believe it. He immediately sent the interview videos back to the station and heaped praises on her. 
Rebecca Perry, standing nearby, tasted bitterness in her mouth. 
After Yu Bin had left for the washroom, Rebecca Perry immediately changed her tone: “Ye Xingguang, did you do this on purpose? You were never assigned to this interview task. Why did you come here and steal the limelight?” 
“If your limelight can be stolen, it means it never belonged to you in the first place! ” 
Ye Xingguang left those words behind and walked away; her interview task had been completed and she wanted to go back to catch up on her sleep. 
“Ye Xingguang, do you hold a grudge against me for stealing your boyfriend? 
If you like Yun Chen, I can give him back to you, I’m willing to step out of your lives.’ 
Ye Xingguang took a few steps, turned around and laughed at Rebecca Perry who was trapped in the grave of marriage: “You’re overthinking, people reach for greater heights as water flows downwards. 1 no longer have any interest in 
Yun Chen. Now that you two are married, all I wish is for you two to grow old together.” 
Knowing Yun Chen wasn’t suitable, and seeing Rebecca Perry unable to divorce him, Ye Xingguang felt a certain satisfaction. 
Actually, upon careful thought, she didn’t have much affection for Yun Chen. The reason why she agreed to date Yun Chen was due to her adopted father’s persuasion: Life couldn’t be brought back. Since she tried many times but couldn’t bring back that young man, she might as well move forward and try dating someone else, maybe she could move on. 
Back in the villa of the hotel with nothing much to do, Ye Xingguang took out some A4 paper and a pen and started drawing up music scores. 
Over the years, in her spare time, she had composed many songs. She carefully selected her favourites and ended up with ten. Besides the one that Mr. Gu favored, there were nine others, all dedicated to her dearly departed 
“moonlight”. 
She considered every one of them to be the best. 
After completing the scores, she Wff0te three characters in the signature section: Xia Qiongqiong. 
Xia Qiongqiong, was the name given to her by her adoptive parents. noveldrama
Yanyan, represents beauty. 
Qiongqiong, describes a state of worry, a sense of loneliness and helplessness. 
Even when choosing names, they distinguished between her and Yanyan. They didn’t harbor any expectations for her! 
Didn’t Xia Yanyan say that she could compete with her in anything? 
Then, she would make a name for herself as Xia Qiongqiong.. She wanted to see, in the future music charts,whether it would be dominated by Xia Yanyan, or would her works as Xia Qiongqiong come from behind and rise to the top!
###Fu Zhuo pondered for a whole day. In his spare time, he returned to the villa and saw Ye Xingguang scribbling something on the table.
Fu Zhuo walked straight over and handed Ye Xingguang a membership card.
“What kind of card is this?” Ye Xingguang asked curiously.
Fu Zhuo cleared his throat: “This is a Z city international airport duty-free shop consumer card, Miss Ye. You should take advantage of the afternoon to browse the duty-free shop and buy a birthday present for Mr. Qian. There’s plenty of money on it. Oh right, next weekend is Mr. Qian’s birthday.”
After accepting the consumer card, Ye Xingguang pursed her lips: “Why should I buy a birthday gift for Ye Jun Qian?”
That big malignant tumor, just thinking about him annoys me!
Last night she kindly helped him, but he was ungrateful. Today he arranged an interview for her and responded with a cold demeanor and a bad attitude. Why would she have to buy him a birthday gift? She’s not that cheap. Why would she be so eager to ingratiate herself with him?
Fu Zhuo responded matter-of-factly: “Didn’t you read the ‘Rules of Living During an Official Relationship’? Important festivals or birthdays require you to prepare gifts for your partner. It’s not your money being spent, I’ve given you the card, just go and buy something.”
Fu Zhuo knew that Miss Ye had just graduated and probably didn’t have a lot of money.
Ye Xingguang made a helpless face: “Alright.”noveldrama
“I’ll arrange a car to take you there.”
“Oh, thank you,” Ye Xingguang responded insincerely.
After arranging the car, Fu Zhuo hurried back to the venue, approached Ye Jun Qian and tentatively said: “Mr. Qian, Miss Ye just mentioned that she wanted to go to the duty-free shop to buy you a birthday present, so I arranged a car for her.’
Ye Jun Qian almost couldn’t control his aloof expression, he paused before asking: “What did you say?”
Fu Zhuo didn’t want to miss any of Mr. Qian’s reactions. Xiao Yun said Mr.
Qian liked Miss Ye, so he arranged everything carefully. He didn’t expect Mr. Qian’s aloofness to give way to a subtle smile that he couldn’t quite hide.
Because there was a serious atmosphere in the venue, Ye Jun Qian made a fist and held it against his lips to suppress his smile.
After holding back for a moment, he finally said in a serious tone: “Why buy a gift? I don’t even like celebrating my birthday. That girl thinks too much.”
Fu Zhuo was shocked at heart but agreed outwardly: “A man of your status, fame, and wealth like you, of course Miss Ye would hold tightly onto. How can a day as important as this not be marked? Just now, Miss Ye told me not to tell you this. She wants it to be a surprise for you.”
Ye Jun Qian’s arrogant face was filled with a beautiful expression. He waved his hand, making an impatient expression: “Alright, I understand. I will pretend I do not know.”
Then, he lazily leaned back in his sofa, stretched out his long legs, and continued to listen to the other people’s presentations on stage.
After listening for less than three minutes, he suddenly covered his mouth with his hand.
Fu Zhuo, who was sitting diagonally from Ye Jun Qian, unexpectedly caught a glimpse of Mr. Qian’s hidden smirk. Is that an upward curve on his lips? Is he trying to hide a laugh?
Forcefully rubbing his eyes, Fu Zhuo wondered if his sight deceived him or not.
Could it be that Mr. Qian has really fallen for Miss Ye?
Fu Zhuo suddenly recalled the day by the school gate when it was pouring rain yet Mr. Qian unexpectedly got off the car and slammed the car door just to utter three words: to pick up a shoe!
But he didn’t get the point at the time. Only now did he understand: it was because he said that the country had given Miss Ye to Mr. Qian, implying that Mr. Yuan had deigned to pick up an old shoe!
Oh my god, he seemed to have discovered a big secret. Mr.. Qian wants to pick up this shoe!
###Ye Xingguang wandered around the duty-free shop, unsure of what gift to buy. As a safe choice, she bought a watch.
After purchasing it, her shopping impulse kicked in, and she continued to shop. She bought a piece of clothing and some skincare products for her mom. For her dad, she bought a belt and several coats. For her neighbor, Mrs. Shen, she bought an eye cream. And for Uncle Li, Grandpa Zhuo, Aunt Ye from the island…
While others have numerous aunts and uncles, she might not have as many relatives, but she did have lots of neighbors – all the islanders were like one big family. She bought gifts for them all, believing she should reciprocate the elders with presents from her first month’s salary.
Even though she hadn’t received her paycheck yet, she could definitely splurge a bit in advance.
By the time she finished shopping, night had fallen. Ye Xingguang had dinner outside and then returned to her hotel villa carrying bags of various sizes.
Upon entering, she noticed that Night Junqing had already taken a shower and was sitting in the living room in a white pajama set, leisurely reading a book.
He looked up at the sound of her, his deep, peach blossom eyes filled with delight. Did his little mermaid buy so much stuff?
“What is all this?” Night Junqing feigned ignorance, his tone intentionally aloof.
“Gifts.’
Ye Xingguang came in carrying the bags.
“All of them?” Night Junqing asked, putting the book aside, his voice revealing an unanticipated joy.
“Yes.” After which, Ye Xingguang added, “Don’t get your hopes up. Theyre not for you!’
Having said that, she took all the bags to her room, collapsed onto the bed without even taking off her shoes; shopping was so tiring.
After she had gone to her room, Night Junqing laughed again. Silly girl. Was I born yesterday?
Why has she suddenly become so adorable?
He once asked her seriously to remember his birthday, hoping she would prepare a birthday gift for him, but she always ignored it.
Not only that, but she would even burn paper money for him on his birthday, as if wanting to curse him to die earlier. It was maddening!
Was this girl planning to make up for all the missed gifts all at once by bringing back so many presents now?
Night Junqing was utterly taken aback for an entire week, his brain simply failing to cool down.
The first thing he did every morning was to check his phone’s calendar. Wasn’t his birthday coming up yet?
The day before his birthday, he suddenly decided to celebrate it big. He asked Fu Zhuo to pick a venue urgently and sent out invitations to all his friends to attend his 27th birthday party. At this party, he was going to introduce his little mermaid formally to everyone!
If the little mermaid wanted to give him a surprise, then, he wouldn’t mind giving her an even bigger one.
These days, he had been continuously contemplating. Perhaps, destiny wanted to give them another chance after assigning her to him by chance!
He should cherish this opportunity and seize it rather than pushing away this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
Lin Hanfeng called him, “Mr. Qing, I have some work to do tomorrow. Is it okay if the gift arrives but 1 don’t? It’s really not intentional. You gave us such a late notice. I am currently out of town and I have a large project signing tomorrow that I must attend. I don’t have the time to fly back…”noveldrama
“Everyone else can be absent, but not you. If you don’t show up, we will not discuss any future collaborations with you.” Night Junqings words shut Lin Hanfeng up.
Lin Hanfeng was shocked, “Why? When did my presence become so important to you?”
###Chapter 130: Three Generations of Our 
Ancestors Were Farmers 1 noveldrama
Ye Junqing didn’t respond, he just hung up the phone. He needed to make this youngster see for himself that he was the only worthy match for his little mermaid. It was a process of survival of the fittest, where Lin Hanfeng, as the “unfittest”, had to witness the “fittest” lay his absolute claim on the little mermaid! 
Meanwhile, Fu Zhuo didn’t forget to remind Ye Xingguang and sent her a message on WeChat. 
“Miss Ye, tomorrow is Master Junqings birthday, you should give him your gift first thing in the morning, and strive to be the first one to do so. Master Junqing keeps to a strict schedule, he usually gets up at six-thirty every morning and then works out in the gym for an hour. You can aim to knock on his bedroom door and give him the present at six-thirty. He will be very pleased. 
Ye Xingguang had just signed a contract with the old master Gu as a feature composer, handing over ten piano scores to him. She was just walking out of Old Master Gu’s house when she saw the message from Fu Zhuo. 
“Understood.” She replied with three words. 
After thinking for a while, she sent another message: “Do we need to go to a restaurant to celebrate his birthday tomorrow night?” 
Thinking of Master Junqings plan to surprise Miss Ye, Fu Zhuo replied: “No need for that, Master Junqing is going to host a party at home tomorrow night. Just remember to give Master Junqing his gift at six-thirty in the morning. If you can’t get up, I suggest you set an alarm.” 
“Oh! Can I give it at midnight tonight instead?” 
If it were a good friend’s birthday, she would usually send a message to wish them right after midnight, striving to be the first one to do so. 
Fu Zhuo: “Master Junqing would be asleep by midnight. He keeps a strict schedule, if nothing comes up, he goes to bed precisely at ten-thirty.” 
It was a real pity. Wouldn’t it make the gift more memorable if she gives it right after midnight? 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes, put her phone away, and headed off to a shop that sold joss paper, where she bought some joss paper money and incense. 
Tomorrow, besides being the big villain’s birthday, was also the death anniversary of the young man who had saved her. So, her mood wasn’t particularly high. 
Since Ye Junqing was hosting a party at home tomorrow night, it wouldn’t be appropriate for her to burn joss papers at home. So she decided to do it at midnight tonight, to pay tribute to the young man firstly. 
That night, fighting the urge to sleep, Ye Xingguang went to a pond near the villa after midnight and started burning joss paper and incense. 
It was summer, the lotus flowers in the pond were in full bloom. Under the glow of the full moon, it was quite picturesque. 
Gold ingots, billion-dollar hell banknotes. She burned hundreds of billions without thinking about the cost. 
The young man didn’t enjoy any luxuries in his life, he had no idea what a wealthy lifestyle was like, Now that he was gone, she couldn’t let him down. 
“Qin Junye, don’t hesitate to spend it, understand? I know you were from a remote village, your family were farmers for three generations, you had to drop out of school to work at places like garment factories, repair shops, electric factories, and then you switched to deliver takeaways when the economy went downhill. It wasn’t easy…” 
“Don’t ask how I know this, I’ve told you many times, your ID is still with me. I found out everything from your ID. I also know that you worked hard to earn some money for a trip to the sea, but the tour agency you registered with was unreliable, that’s why you accidentally fell into the ocean and became food for the sharks.’ 
“l often wonder, back then, I was just trying to escape myself.. When I saw you being attacked by a group of sharks during my escape, should I have saved you from them? Maybe if I hadn’t saved you, you could have found a way out yourself! “
###Chapter 131: The only way to relieve worries, is to get rich ridiculously_l 
Translator: 549690339 noveldrama
“In that case, when I myself am in a life-and-death crisis, you don’t have to owe me a life-saving debt, you don’t have to risk your life to save me, you don’t have to die in the process — it’s not worth it, is it?” 
“So think it over carefully. It’s really not worthwhile. Once you’ve come to terms with that, I’ll take a regret pill. At that point, please don’t save me again. I can face crises on my own. Really, if you don’t save me, I can still escape death!” 
“Didn’t I tell you? Later on, I got rid of all the successors who saw me as a competitor. Now there are no successors left. They’re begging me to take the throne, but I don’t even care for it! Doesn’t that sound cool?” “So, listen carefully, think about it again. Life is so good, isn’t it!” 
“Also, the money I burned for you, don’t be reluctant to spend it. You can buy dozens of Rolls-Royces like yours, and hire some bodyguards. Let the bodyguards surround you every day. Don’t buy economy class on flights to the underworld, buy a private jet. If you run out of money, dream of me, and I’ll burn more for you!’ 
When asked how to relieve worries, the only way is to burn more paper money, to make the young man rich! 
By the lotus pond late at night, Ye Xingguang was mumbling to herself, burning wave after wave of ghost money, the flames reflected the tear stains at the bottom of her eyes. 
Ye Xingguang wiped her eyes, and only got up and left after burning everything. 
She had only taken a few steps when she saw a tall white shadow coming towards her from a distance. 
Before Ye Jun Qing even reached her side, his gaze had already moved past her, falling on the smoking incense behind her. 
Though the ghost money on the ground had nearly been consumed by the flames, the obvious ashes indicated that a lot of it had been burned, causing his handsome face to suddenly change color. 
“What are you doing?” 
Ye Xingguang looked up slightly, surprised to see the tall man under the moonlight: “You’re not asleep yet?” 
“Why aren’t you asleep?” 
Ye Jun Qings face was extremely cold; the slumbering memories surged back in. How many times had it happened before, when he was celebrating his birthday with his friends, she would sneak out of the bustling banquet hall by herself and burn ghost money by this lotus pond? He never thought this naughty girl wouldn’t drop the habit of burning money on his birthday! 
The memories rushed back: all of their heated arguments: 
“Why can’t I burn ghost money on your birthday?” 
“Yes, I am cursing you to die early while burning this money, are you satisfied now?” 
“Ye Jun Qing, is your birthday so special? Must I accompany you? Are you not happy with me accompanying you like this?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t know that these tumultuous memories were surging through Ye Jun Qings mind. She pointed to the ashes behind her: “Oh, I was burning some ghost money for friends. Why aren’t you asleep yet?” 
Ye Jun Qing loathed the memories in his mind. He went over, kicked at the remaining incense in anger, and stomped it out. 
Ye Xingguangs eyes twitched furiously: “Hey, what are you doing? Don’t kick! 
Don’t stomp! ye Jun Qing! you Dastard!” 
She rushed over to stop him, but he grabbed her wrist. 
Ye Jun Qing, like a provoked lion, held her wrist tightly, his voice filled with anger and sorrow: “In my house, who gave you the audacity to burn paper indiscriminately without my permission? Ye Xingguang! 
He thought she had changed! 
He thought she was different from the old her! 
As it turns out, she would still come here and secretly burn ghost money to curse him in the middle of the night! 
He glared at her, hurt overshadowing his eyes: “Ye Xingguang, do you wish that I die soon?”
###Chapter 132: Tomorrow is my friend’s death anniversary_l 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguangs wrist was being squeezed painfully. She frowned tightly, “Are you crazy? When have I ever wished for your early death?” 
“You don’t even admit it. If you’re not wishing me dead, why are you burning paper money here for me?” 
“Who said I’m burning paper for you? I’ve already said that I was doing it for a friend of mine. My friend’s death anniversary is tomorrow. 1 originally planned to burn it tomorrow night, but you’re supposed to be celebrating your birthday at home, aren’t you? I didn’t want to upset you, so I chose to finish it a little after midnight tonight. You’re just imagining things! Let go of me!” 
But no matter how hard Ye Xingguang tried to pull her hand away, she couldn’t escape from his strong grip. 
Upon hearing her explanation, Ye Junqings expression didn’t soften at all. Instead, he questioned her sharply, “Whose death anniversary is it?” 
“Why do I have to tell you!’ 
He dared to put out the incense she was burning for the young boy? She was so angry she felt like she could burst. Who wants to tell him anything! 
Unable to break free from his grip, Ye Xingguang lifted her foot and stomped hard on Ye Junqings foot, furious and annoyed. “Let go of me!” 
But Ye Junqing didn’t let go. He towered over her, staring at her, “I’m asking you, whose death anniversary it is? What’s their name?” 
“Who are you to me that I should tell you anything? I’m telling you to let go, or else I won’t be polite anymore!” Ye Xingguang wasn’t one to tolerate bullying. Why would she reveal her personal secret to that jerk? 
Ye Junqing let out a cold snort. He knew she had made up the story on the spot, “So, you have nothing to say? Burning paper here to curse me, and you still don’t want to admit it, Ye Xingguang? If you dare to burn paper on my birthday again, I’ll skin you alive!” 
“Go ahead, then!” Ye Xingguang raised her head, staring defiantly at Ye Junqings furious face. 
Seeing her unconcerned expression, Ye Junqings eyes darkened. His memories and current reality merged together, recalling all those countless arguments they’ve had. Thinking of her constant provocations just because he didn’t have the heart to do anything, made him even angrier. 
His anger was building, “Ye Xingguang, don’t think that because I indulge you, you can go about without fearing anything! Don’t think that I won’t do anything to you! This is my final warning to you, stop provoking me like before, or else… 
“Or what? Who’s provoking who here?” 
In order to keep things from upsetting him, she had already come out to burn the paper money right after midnight. What more did he want from her? 
Why is this man being so unreasonable? 
Ye Junqing tightly held onto Ye Xingguangs thinking of the many times he had exploded in anger in the past. Swept up in rage, he wanted to conquer her, to enter her heart, to take her back to her room and deal with her! 
And deal with her until she cried, until he regretted it and they were both hurt. 
Ye Junqing didn’t want to experience that “both hurt” situation again. In a subconscious move, he let go of her wrist. Otherwise, he wasn’t sure if he would be able to control his fury and end up in another mutual loss situation again. 
He turned around, not wanting to look at her, not wanting to give her another chance to fuel his anger. He just left her with a powerless sentence, “You can go, I’m tired…” 
That remark stopped Ye Xingguangs brewing anger in her throat. It was stuck, it couldn’t get out, and she couldn’t swallow it back down. 
She pursed her lips, not understanding what he meant by his words. Was he asking her to go back to her room, or was he telling her to get out of the Ye’s house? 
She didn’t understand, so she asked directly, “What do you mean?” 
As Ye Junging walked towards the depths of the night, his echoed reply was the only sound in the quiet night, “Leave my world, I don’t want to see you again…”noveldrama
###Chapter 133: Stop the car, I want to get off! 1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was stumped and felt a pang in her heart. Was he planning to kick her out? 
Just because she had burned some offerings for her friends at home? 
In that moment, Ye Xingguang clenched her hand tightly, feeling extremely wronged. 
She didn’t beg, only held back the tears welling up in her eyes for a full minute. Swallowing her pain, she returned to her room and started packing up to leave. 
Bastard, stinky man, who wanted to live in his house anyway? 
If it wasn’t for the Civil Affairs Bureau forcing her to stay, she wouldn’t have come even if she was carried in on a lavish sedan chair! 
In the dead of night, Ye Xingguang left the Ye family’s estate. 
Ye Junqing called a driver to send her off. He booked her a presidential suite at a five-star hotel, for half a year. 
After getting out of the car, Ye Xingguang entered the luxurious presidential suite and left in less than a minute. Who cared about staying in a room he had booked? 
In the middle of the night, Ye Xingguang found a three-star chain hotel nearby and booked a standard room. She finally fell asleep, exhausted. 
The next morning, Xia Yanyan received a call from her assistant, Ye Li. “What did you say? Ye Xingguang was kicked out by Ye Junqing last night?” noveldrama
Ye Li relished in the gossip: “Absolutely true. I heard it from an employed maid, she didn’t know the details, but it seemed that Ye Xingguang left the house overnight. There was chaos at the Ye’s house after she left, with several things smashed. The living room was in disarray this morning.” Xia Yanyan was intrigued, “How did Little White Lotus upset Ye Junqing?” 
Even though she wasn’t sure, Xia Yanyan felt particularly happy! 
Moreover… 
After hanging up, Xia Yanyan immediately told her father about it. 
Xia Yanyan knew that her father had been wanting to destroy the video held by Little White Lotus. But with Ye Junqings protection, her father didn’t dare make a move. Now that Ye Junqings protection was gone, manipulating Little White Lotus would be as easy as crushing an ant, wouldn’t it? 
Although it was the weekend and she didn’t have to work, Ye Xingguang decided to apply for staff housing at the television station after waking up. 
However, her application was denied. 
Because she had a partner, it was expected that she would stay with him for the first year. Consequently, the company could not afford her staff accommodation. 
Having no choice, Ye Xingguang had to browse rental information online. 
Without money to stay in a hotel daily, and having yet to receive any payment from signing ten tracks with Old Man Gu, she was caught in a tight spot. 
Fortunately, her father had transferred 5,000 yuan to her account fearing she wouldn’t have enough spending money. Combined with her own savings, it was just enough to cover one year’s rent. 
However, the rent in the capital city was incredibly high. Renting a suitable place in the city with her limited budget was challenging. 
Ye Xingguang spent the whole morning browsing online, identified a few potential places, and arranged the viewing time and location with the estate agent before leaving the television station and taking a taxi to the estate agent’s office. 
Once in the taxi, she noticed that the driver was not taking the right path. She didn’t pay much attention since the driver had mentioned he was picking up another passenger. But after driving far from the city center, she grew worried. 
“Driver, where are we going?” 
The taxi driver ignored her.. Ye Xingguangs mind raced, and she began banging on the car door: “Stop the car, let me out!”
###Chapter 134: Who is Behind the Scenes? 1 
Translator: 549690339 
No matter how much she pounded on the car door, the driver simply ignored her. 
In a panic, Ye Xingguang opened the car door to jump out, questioning whether she was caught up in a taxi hijacking situation. 
It was frequently seen in the news, girls taking taxis alone can be unsafe, in danger of being assaulted and killed! 
However, as soon as she pushed the car door open, the man beside her grabbed her, pulling her back while forcefully shutting the door. 
A wet towel covered her mouth, and the pungent smell of ether filled her nostrils. Ye Xingguang let out a gasp and held her breath, struggling. 
Luckily, she had spent much time at sea and could hold her breath for a long time. But the man was incredibly strong. In the confined space of the car, no matter how hard she tried to free herself, she kept failing. She clenched her fists and swung at the man’s face. 
One punch was enough to make him bleed profusely. 
The man was taken aback that a seemingly delicate girl was this hard to handle. 
Seeing stars, he tried to swing back at Ye Xingguangs face. 
But Ye Xingguang was quicker. She dodged and finally managed to snatch the wet towel from her mouth. 
Like a provoked leopard, she seized the opportunity to land punches on the man’s face, cursing him while attacking ruthlessly. noveldrama
“You scum! Loser! How dare you mess with me! When I was fighting off sharks with my bare hands, you probably didn’t even exist! Stop the car! If you don’t, I’ll kill him!’ 
Watching his companion’s face get beaten to a pulp in the rearview mirror, the driver twitched, accelerating while frantically turning the steer, attempting to toss her off balance and give his companion a chance to strike back. 
Due to inertia, Ye Xingguang nearly lost her balance a few times. 
However, the driver misjudged. The man in the backseat had already been beaten to a pulp, unable to fight back. Ye Xingguang covered his mouth with the wet towel again, and soon after, his world turned black. 
“Stop the car, or I’ll ensure you both meet the devil!” Ye Xingguang roared. 
“Real bitch,” the driver mumbled. He never expected his companion, who could take on four or five men, to be knocked out by a girl. 
Luckily, there was a partition screen separating the front and back seats. 
They were now in the outskirts, and the driver pressed the gas pedal to the floor. They were almost at their destination, and the woman had no chance of escaping. 
With a loud crash, Ye Xingguang smashed the partition screen, shattering the glass all over the car. 
Going too fast to jump from the car, she leaped forward after the screen collapsed to restrain the driver. 
“If you don’t stop this car, I will! Can’t you understand? How dare you think of messing with me when I’m in a bad mood? I’ll show you why you shouldn’t mess with an irritated woman!” 
Ye Xingguang choked the driver: “Stop the car, or I’ll choke you to death!” 
“Cough, cough…” 
The driver tried to free himself but found she was unimaginably strong, unlike any normal girl. 
The driver, his neck gone red and finding it hard to breathe, begged, “Miss… 
please… let go… We… we’re… just doing a job…” 
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang fumed: “What? Just doing a job? Who’s behind this?” 
[Author’s note: QQgroup no: 756943751. Six chapters updated, the PK period, ask for votes, authors who wish to challenge for promotion are watching]
###Chapter 135: One by One or All at Once? _1 
Translator: 549690339 noveldrama
The driver feared that if he didn’t start talking, this woman would choke the life out of him. 
“Yes, yes, yes… madam… spare me… firstly, loosen your grip…” 
It was only then that Ye Xingguang eased her grip but she remained on high alert, “Stop the car and tell me who’s behind all this!” 
The driver immediately pushed the brake pedal, secretly hoping to shake off Ye Xingguang by braking suddenly. 
Unfortunately for him, the abrupt braking did not afford him any respite. Ye Xingguang still held his neck tight, just not tight enough to strangle him. The driver was helpless and could only beg for mercy. 
“Madam, please let go, I can’t breathe.” 
“Don’t try any tricks on me, I’ve been through more palace intrigue than you’ve seen in dramas. You can’t breathe, yet you can talk without gasping? If you don’t start talking, I will send you straight to heaven!” 
Having failed to play tricks twice, the driver thought of his comrade waiting in an abandoned factory not far ahead and attempted another trick, “The employer is in the factory not far away. Look out the left window. He paid me to bring you there.” 
“Really?” Ye Xingguang squinted, who had she offended recently? 
It should be nobody, other than Xia Yanyan. 
After thinking for a while, Ye Xingguang said, “Drive there.” 
The driver saw hope suddenly, “Alright, alright, I’m driving there now.” 
He sneered to himself, this girl might be tough, but her mind wasn’t very sharp. Once she reached the abandoned factory, she was trapped, no escape. 
Ye Xingguang sat in the backseat and found a Swiss Army knife on the man lying in the backseat, which she put directly into her pocket. 
Seeing her actions, the driver thought in disdain, a Swiss Army knife for a weapon? Trying to storm into the den alone? Just you wait! 
He rubbed his neck, still feeling choked. Damn it, it was so embarrassing! 
Eventually, they arrived at the abandoned factory. 
As they entered the factory ground, the driver attempted another trick. He floors the gas and dashed into the factory. 
Then, he quickly braked, opened the car door and ran out, shouting, “Brothers, subdue the woman in the car quickly. Ah San was knocked out by her. Be careful, she’s strong!’ 
In the abandoned factory, seven or eight burly men were playing cards around a table. Seeing the driver fleeing from the car like a scared dog, some began to laugh. 
“Zhang Lu, look at yourself, so scared. Ah San isn’t that strong. A girl knocked him out? You must be drunk?” 
“She’s really strong!’ 
Zhang Lu was angry, no one wants to be ridiculed. “The person’s still in the car?” 
The men playing cards haven’t put down their hands. 
With a loud “bang”, Ye Xingguang kicks open the car door. 
Then, she walked out of it. 
Next, a battered face was thrown out of the car by her. 
Seeing their comrade’s injured face, the men playing cards finally put down their hands, stood up, and glared at Ye Xingguang. 
Ye Xingguang glanced at them, these men looked like hired hands, not the mastermind. But that was fine. After dealing with them, she was sure she could extract the name of their boss from someone. 
She rubbed her wrist and threw out a line that shattered their pride: “Are you coming at me one by one, or all at once?”
###Chapter 136: So it’s like this?_l 
Translator: 549690339 
“Damn it, this woman, she’s got quite the nerve, I’ll handle her!” 
A bald man, irritated by Ye Xingguangs disdainful words, approached her angrily. He laughed at his companions and said: “l can make her beg for mercy with just one hand!” 
But just as he got close to Ye Xingguang, without even touching her arm, she fiercely kicked him square in the belly. 
Seemingly effortless, but the bald man was sent flying back, over the men who were laughing and jeering, crashing into their card-playing table with a “thud”. The table shattered instantly, startling everyone. Their jaws nearly dropped. 
Who could have imagined that a girl could have such strength? 
The laughter in the rundown factory abruptly stopped. 
“Now you know her strength, don’t you?” 
Zhang Lu wiped off his cold sweat. He suddenly regretted underestimating her. He thought she was good, but now he couldn’t even describe her as such. 
He had a feeling that all the men present wouldn’t stand a chance against this 
Subconsciously, Zhang Lu started to run. 
Seeing Zhang Lu attempting to escape, Ye Xingguang pulled out a Swiss Army knife from her pocket and threw it fiercely at him. 
Just as Zhang Lu reached the factory’s entrance, the Swiss Army knife whizzed past his ear, embedding itself into the factory door’s wooden panel. 
In that moment, Zhang Lu was so scared his legs went weak. He was a tall grown man, but he couldn’t even muster the strength to lift his feet and wet himself out of fear. 
Seeing this, the others’ eyes widened in shock. 
Everyone exchanged glances before they all charged at her together. 
Although it seemed shameful for seven or eight men to gang up on a woman, now they couldn’t care less. They had to catch her! 
Ye Xingguang sidestepped an incoming arm, grabbing another man’s arm as he dove forward. She swung the man at the first one, then moved onto the third man with a punch square to the face! 
A few men thought they could overpower her, but did they assumed she hadn’t struggled through tough times herself? 
Her father had wanted her to be a gentle girl, but they forced her into a corner. So, they better not blame her for being ruthless! 
Moreover, ever since last night, she’d been seething with anger. Thinking about how detestable Ye Junqing was, she decided not to spare these men! 
Since these men generously volunteered themselves as her punching bags, if she didn’t treat them as such, she would be failing herself! 
As books say, a woman must vent her anger, otherwise wrinkles will appear. She didn’t want her face to become filled with wrinkles! 
Within two minutes, all the men who had attacked her were sprawled on the ground. Some clutching their stomachs, some their arms, some covering their faces..blood was everywhere, accompanied by agonizing wails. 
Having defeated these men who couldn’t fight to save their lives, Ye Xingguang sauntered over to Zhang Lu and stepped on him: “I’m giving you one last chance, tell me, who sent you to capture me?” 
Zhang Lu fell to his knees immediately: “I…I…i…I’ll tell, I’ll tell, please martial goddess have mercy! Actually, we don’t know who it is either! We were only told to kidnap you and ask for a certain video. They said, you would understand as soon as the video is mentioned!” 
A video? 
Realisation dawned upon Ye Xingguang, a chill settled in her heart, so that’s what this was?noveldrama
###Chapter 137: Why Should She Endure When She Wants to Vent? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang suddenly had a realization. 
She looked down at Zhang Lu, who was kneeling, begging for mercy: “How did the mastermind behind the scenes instruct you to get me to hand over the video?” 
Having experienced Ye Xingguang’s skills, Zhang Lu didn’t dare to hide anything anymore. 
“If… if you dare not to hand it over, they wanted us to use a man’s way to deal with a woman. But Heroine! Goddess! Queen! Even with one hundred times the courage, I wouldn’t dare to interrogate you this way. Please, the debt has a debtor, the wrong has its source. Spare me a life!” 
A man’s way of handling a woman? 
Ha! Alright! 
If it weren’t for her own abilities, what would have happened to any ordinary girl today? 
Ye Xingguang was so angry that she was shaking. She glared at Zhang Lu: “Get in the car, take me somewhere.” 
Zhang Lu almost felt like crying: “Heroine, have mercy on me, I have elderly parents and young children to care for…” 
“Stop talking nonsense. I’ll send you straight to the underworld. Are you getting in the car?” 
Zhang Lu frantically crawled into the taxi. 
Ye Xingguang gave an address. Zhang Lu sat in the driver’s seat and Ye Xingguang sat in the back. The car quickly drove towards the Xia’s Family’s house. 
Zhang Lu’s forehead was covered in sweat. Could the mastermind who wanted to deal with this queen be the renowned Xia’s Family? 
This is done for! 
No matter how good a girl’s skills are, she’s just a girl. But the Xia’s Family, who did he get himself involved with now? Didn’t he just offend the Xia’s family by driving this girl to their house? 
Zhang Lu wiped off his cold sweat endlessly: “Goddess, can I leave now?” 
Ye Xingguang stared at the long-lost front gate, “Drive straight in.” 
“But… but the gate is closed.” 
“Barge in!” 
Zhang Lu: 
Zhang Lu: 
What kind of fearless girl had he encountered? 
Are all youngsters now so courageous? 
“God… Go… Goddess, please spare me. If I barge in, I’m done for.” 
Ye Xingguang pressed a dagger against Zhang Lu’s neck: “If you don’t barge in, I’ll make sure you’ll bleed profusely.” 
“Crash-” 
The Xia’s Family’s gate guard was watching TV in his room when he suddenly heard a loud crash. Before he knew what was going on, the gate was hit and flew off by a taxi. 
The guard angrily pushed open the door of the guard room. Before he had time to get mad, the taxi had already whizzed past him and drove deeper into the Xia’s estate, finally stopping in front of a three-story mansion. noveldrama
This mansion was a national reward for the Xia’s family’s contribution in raising Xia Yanyan. Ye Xingguang had lived here for six years. 
She did not expect that she would return with such feelings. 
She held the iron rod picked up from the abandoned factory. As soon as she entered the villa, she hit and smashed everything she saw vigorously! 
The family photo frame hanging on the living room wall was hit, then “crash”, it shattered into pieces! 
The glass platform with family photos on the table was hit, then “crash”, it shattered into pieces! 
The priceless blue and white porcelain vase placed on the floor was hit, then “crash”, it shattered into pieces! 
She wanted to vent, why should she endure? 
If she didn’t turn this house upside down today, she deserved to be bullied! 
That evening, at the Ye’s Family, a birthday party was being held for Ye Junqing. The villa was bustling inside and out. 
Only the birthday boy was in low spirits, sitting on the living room sofa like an iceberg, leaning against the backrest, holding a big demon king-like gloomy face. 
Xia Ye Zhao walked over to him with a glass of red wine, kicked his long legs that were on the coffee table: “What’s wrong with you? Others are laughing and cheerful on their birthdays, but you’re like you’re at a funeral. Are you in a bad mood?”
###Chapter 138: If You Dare, Call the Police_1 noveldrama
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqi glanced at Xia Ye Zhao and couldn’t be bothered to reply. 
Xia Ye Zhao was about to tease him further when suddenly someone rushed in, flustered, “Young Master, Young Master, it’s awful, Miss Xia is about to be beaten to death!” 
The person who rushed in was his sister’s assistant, Ye Li. 
Xia Ye Zhao’s eyes narrowed, “What happened?” 
Ye Li, fearing the people in the villa might not hear, said in a panicky and loud voice, “The official wife of Young Master Qǐng, Miss Ye was kicked out by Young Master Qǐng, she went to your house in a rage, smashing anything she saw. Your house is being turned upside down by her …” 
“Miss Xia was falsely accused by the accusations made by the Ye’s Family maid on social media, but Miss Ye went to your house to make a scene anyway. The Miss Ye is crazy!” 
Miss Xia called me, asking me to rush to the Ye’s Family and clarify the accusation in front of all the guests. 
Upon hearing this, the guests inside and outside the villa, all stopped their conversations. 
The fact that Young Master Qǐng’s official wife was kicked out by Young Master Qǐng and then she went to the Xia’s Family to vent her anger at Xia Yanyan, raised a lot of questions. 
This drama can fill in several episodes! 
Could it be that the accusations made by the maid of Ye’s Family are true, that Young Master Qǐng and Xia Yanyan are truly in love, and since the official wife was kicked out she couldn’t hold back anymore and rushed to Xia’s Family to make a scene? 
The incredulous crowd turned their heads towards the big boss, seated on the sofa, only to see Ye Junqi’s face turning as cold and deadly as a ghost. 
Ye Li wanted to say something, but just one look from Young Master Qǐng made her breathless, her knees weak, and she started to tremble. 
Despite her tremor, Ye Li insisted, “Young… Young… Young Master…You must return home quickly…to save Miss Xia…” 
Upon hearing this, Xia Ye Zhao in disbelief turned his head towards Ye Junqi as if he touched a sore spot, “I’ll go home and see what’s happening. Your official wife, is she the same girl we met at the swimming pool that day?” 
Without paying any attention to Xia Ye Zhao, Ye Junqi got up more quickly than Xia Ye Zhao, striding out while ordering, “Xiao Yun! Bring the men!” 
The little Mermaid couldn’t have run to the Xia’s house and caused a scene for no reason! 
Something must have happened that he didn’t know about! 
He who was thinking about how to murder Ye Xingguang just a moment ago, now could think only about what she had to endure, what humiliations she went through that forced her to go to Xia’s house and make such a scene? 
At the Xia’s house, Night Starlight was making a commotion from afternoon till night, turning the whole house upside down! 
Apart from Xia Ye Zhao’s room, she didn’t spare any other rooms. 
She kicked open the door of her former room, only to find that it had been turned into Xia Yanyan’s gift storage room. All her precious childhood collections were gone. Finally, in Xia Ye Zhao’s glass kitchen, she found her favourite teddy bear from her childhood. 
Tears fell immediately. 
But now her mood was calm. She was sitting alone on the only single chair in the living room that she had not turned over. She crossed her legs arrogantly, with both hands on the back of the chair, looking like an untouchable queen, sneering at the Xia family of three, who were already livid with rage. 
“Go ahead, call the police. I’ll tell them how I was kidnapped by you because some photos were taken when I was a child. You wanted me to hand over the tapes and were planning to get seven or eight men for me to attend to. Go on, call the police, dial 110 now!”
###Chapter 139: I, Ye Xingguang, will keep you company till the end! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Seeing the bodyguards scattered and sprawled on the ground, even Xia Yanyan couldn’t muster her usual arrogance. 
She had never seen such a deceptive White Lotus, appearing weak and fragile, but had managed to knock every single bodyguard in her house to the ground with a metal rod, leaving them unable to get up. 
She had finally experienced what unruly country lasses were capable of. God, Xia Yanyan thought, it was so embarrassing! 
“You’re nothing more than a female hooligan, a shrew, a punk…” Xia Yanyan was too angry to even form proper insults. 
Ye Xingguang wasn’t upset, she felt far-better after venting her anger. Now, hearing Xia Yanyan insult her, she just picked up the metal rod next to the sofa and heavily hit the ground. 
“Yes, I’m a wild woman. I can’t come close to a delicate flower like you who’s been carefully cultivated in a greenhouse. So, why aren’t you obedient? Why do you provoke me?” 
Who wouldn’t want to be a protected flower in a greenhouse? Who would desire to arm themselves as a hooligan? But have you ever made such a greenhouse for me? 
You threw me into the sea when I was just six years old! 
While other six-year-olds were learning at school, I was battling sharks and killer whales in stormy, surging seas. If I hadn’t fought for my survival in this dog-eat-dog world, I wouldn’t be alive today to watch you rage impotently in front of me. 
“You wanted me to be a good girl in my parent’s eyes, but you’ve forced me to become a dominant woman. Are you satisfied with your masterpiece now? Now tell me, what other measures do you have to deal with me? I, Ye Xingguang, am here to see them through!” 
Ye Xingguang spoke as she hit a broken table next to a single-seater sofa, hard with her rod. 
Xia Wealth was livid. He had lived for over fifty years and never encountered such a problem with a girl that left him helpless. His anger could shatter a coffin! 
All bodyguards at his home were no match for this girl, she even had a video that could ruin his life, she had seized his weakness! 
Xia Wealth, pointing to the door, rage-filled, “What more do you want? If you’ve had enough, leave! We will forget today’s matter, let’s call it a draw. Leave my home right now!” 
Wang Zimei dared not approach Ye Xingguang, she clung to Xia Yanyan, pointing towards the door, “Let’s chalk this to our bad luck, crossing paths with a plague like you. Leave our home, we’ll do nothing, let’s call it even, okay?” 
“Even?” Ye Xingguang laughed, “You think we’re even?” 
Xia Yanyan frowned, “What more do you want? Don’t forget I’m a national treasure! Ye Xingguang, don’t go too far, even if you have some video, you can’t threaten me! I, Xia Yanyan, am the unique national treasure of Nation A. Dare to push me further?” 
With a thud, Ye Xingguang smashed the only intact vase in the living room, showing Xia Yanyan an additional outburst. 
“Stop!” 
At that moment, Xia Ye Zhao walked into the house from outside. 
Witnessing the wrecked state of their family home, Xia Ye Zhao knitted his eyebrows together. noveldrama
“Brother…” 
As if finding her backbone, Xia Yanyan sprinted towards Xia Ye Zhao, throwing herself into his arms, “Brother, why have you come back only now? You wouldn’t believe how audacious this woman is. Look at what she did to our home, she even tried to kill me…” 
Xia Ye Zhao stretched out his hand, patting Xia Yanyan on the back, his soothing voice was very gentle, “Don’t be afraid, your brother is back.”
###Chapter 140: Are You Treating Me Like a Joke on the Leaderboard?_i 
Translator: 549690339 
In that instant, Ye Xingguang burst into tears. 
Because she had dreamt countless times of her parents wanting to abandon her in the open sea during her youth. However, at the last moment, her brother rushed back and sternly reprimanded her parents, “Stop!” 
Then, just like Xia Yanyan, she seemed to find her pillar of support, and threw herself into her brother’s arms. 
Her brother would extend his hand and gently pat her back, comforting her softly, “Don’t be afraid, your brother is back.” 
For a long time, this dream was the only source of solace in her heart. noveldrama
But now… 
Seeing the protagonist of her dream becoming Xia Yanyan in reality, Ye Xingguang was deeply hurt. Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably. 
“Miss Ye!” 
Xia Ye Zhao looked at the house that had been wrecked in an instant, at his agitated parents who had been pushed around, and his frightened little sister, speaking very unpleasantly as soon as he opened his mouth, “You are inexcusably arrogant!” 
Ye Xingguang harshly wiped the corner of her eyes, biting her quivering lips silently, restraining the sharpness and arrogance around her. 
She… 
Won’t confront her elder brother. 
In her heart, she still respected her elder brother. 
The teddy bear in her brother’s closet had been her only source of warmth today, yet it was a pity that her brother didn’t recognize her… 
“Miss Ye, I hope you can provide a reasonable explanation for everything that has happened today, otherwise…” 
“Otherwise, how would you like to deal with it!” 
Ye Junqing entered the room and his deep voice interrupted Xia Ye Zhao’s words. 
Seeing the girl with red-rimmed eyes sitting in the only untouched sofa among the ruins, at a single glance, his heart ached intensely. 
Where he could still care about their unhappiness from last night, where he could still blame her for cursing him to death with a spirit money ritual the night before, at this moment he only wished to stride over swiftly to the poor and lonely girl, to hold her and console her. 
My little mermaid, I am here, don’t cry. 
Ye Junqing dodged the obstacles, and walked hurriedly towards Ye Xingguang. He stretched out his hand to lift her from the single sofa and pulled her into his embrace. 
Ye Xingguang attempted to resist, but no matter how much strength she exerted, it was of no avail against him. 
Ye Junqing wouldn’t let her resist. Both his hands softly pulled her into his arms, large hand landed on her back, gently stroking her, his voice soft and low, “Don’t be afraid, I’m here now…” 
Once spoken, Ye Xingguang’s tears started flowing even more intensely. 
The sentence she wanted to hear the most was not spoken by her brother, but by the malignant tumor… 
Her gaze fixed on Xia Yanyan, still in her brother’s arms, she gritted her teeth tightly. She tried to suppress her trembling heart, but the pain of aggrievement wouldn’t stop. 
Upon seeing Ye Junqing arrive, Wang Zimei felt as if she had found her savior. Her voice finally regaining some of its usual dignity, “Nephew, you came at the right time. Look at what this crazy girl has done to my house, and you have no idea how insufferably arrogant she was just now!” 
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing wished he could find some people to wreck the Xia’s house all over again! Judging by how angry she was, it was clear to him how much she must have been provoked! 
As Ye Junqing held Ye Xingguang, he turned and directed a dangerous gaze at the Xia family. He sneered at them, “If I were not able to let her be insufferably arrogant, would I still be worthy of being called a malignant tumor? Do you think I am merely playing around in this ranking game?”
###Chapter 141: Turns Out She’s the Woman of a Big Shot_i 
Translator: 549690339 
“Ye Junxi! That’s my mother!” 
Xia Ye Zhao was unhappy with Ye Junxi’s attitude towards his mother. 
“Stop trying to make connections with me!” 
Daring to make his little mermaid cry, he wouldn’t give any face! 
Ye Junxi believed that in the entire Xia’s Family, the only one who could make the little mermaid cry was Xia Ye Zhao. No one else could possibly make her cry, no matter how hard they tried, because it’s not worth it. Only this big brother who has a place in the little mermaid’s heart, could truly hurt her. 
Ye Junxi bent his head, his voice gentle: “Tell me, what happened? What did they do to you?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t speak, she was still resentful of Ye Junxi for kicking her out last night. Why does he need to pretend to be good-natured now? 
Seeing her turn her head and not speak, Ye Junxi didn’t ask any further. His gaze fell on the Xia’s people, his voice turning cold: noveldrama
“Do you confess on your own, or should I have someone interrogate you?” 
The Xia’s people also did not speak. Seeing how Ye Junxi was protecting this little girl, Xia Wealth regretted what he did today! 
It wasn’t regret for having her kidnaped, but regret for not assigning reliable people. The situation has escalated to this point, and it was no longer easy to clean up. 
At this moment, Zhang Lu, the driver hiding in the corner of the living room, stood up quivering, “I didn’t…didn’t do anything…” 
Zhang Lu was about to go crazy, thinking that the lady heroic wouldn’t fair well with the Xia’s Family, the result was seeing her dominate in the Xia’s Family which left him dumbfounded. 
Now, recognizing the big shot Ye Junxi who could only be seen in financial news, Zhang Lu finally understood. She was the gang boss’ woman! 
Ye Junxi narrowed his eyes, a word dropping down like a towering mountain, “Speak!” 
In the brief while, Zhang Lu had already weighed the pros and cons. The Xia’s Family had already offended him enough, at this moment if he doesn’t cling onto the lady heroic’s thighs, then he genuinely had no backing. 
Zhang Lu immediately said, “I… I… I’ll say.” 
“Shut up!” Xia Yanyan tried to interrupt. 
But Zhang Lu didn’t shut up, he confessed everything he knew thoroughly. 
“The incident is like this, today we received a job to kidnap this lady heroic and force her to hand over a video. The method, well, it’s the kind men use against women. Someone had said, as long as we get the video, we could directly kill her… like staging a traffic accident.” 
Before Zhang Lu could finish, the suffocating pressure in the living room already torn him to shreds. 
Zhang Lu, terrified, immediately kneeled, pleading, “Boss Ye, I have never harmed this lady. I was just confused for a moment. Fortunately, the lady pulled me back from the cliff’s edge, we didn’t even touch a finger on the lady, she’s too strong, we eight men were beaten up by her, we didn’t even have the ability to fight back. Then the lady had me drive her here, that’s all I know.” 
“What video?” Xia Ye Zhao asked his father. 
Xia Wealth said, “Don’t listen to his nonsense.” 
Wang Zimei also added, “Ye Zhao, don’t listen to his nonsense, this is a frame-up.” 
“Right, brother, she’s just jealous of me, that’s why she came home to make a scene!” Xia Yanyan was the third to explain. 
About the video, the three family members had the same story, none of them mentioned it to Xia Ye Zhao, nor did they want to. Because from beginning to end, their explanation to Xia Ye Zhao about Xia Qiongqiong’s case of falling into the sea was: 
“She didn’t want to stay at home, so she jumped into the sea and ran away.”
###Chapter 142: Is what Ye Junqing said true?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Hmph…” Ye Junqiang gave a cold, mocking laugh. 
He tightened his arms around the little mermaid in his embrace and looked at Xia Ye Zhao sympathetically, “What video, you ask? Let me tell you, this girl filmed your parents throwing your youngest sister into the sea to fend for herself sixteen years ago. Xia Ye Zhao, it’s hard not to sneer at your naive belief that your little sister ran away from home by jumping into the sea. How old was she back then? She ran away from home, at such a young age? Not even a pig would believe that, but you do?” 
“What did you say?” Xia Ye Zhao’s head was buzzing. 
Ye Junqiang hadn’t finished: “Your parents learned about the video and must be terrified of it getting out. That’s why they’re planning a murder to keep the secret! They dared to mess with my woman, I tell you, this matter isn’t over!” 
Xia Ye Zhao was stunned by Ye Junqiang’s words, he uttered in disbelief, “This can’t be…” 
But in the next second, Xia Ye Zhao, with a grim face, turned to his father and demanded, “Is what Ye Junqiang said true?” 
“Brother, that’s not the case. How could Mom and Dad abandon our little sister? She’s our own sister…” Xia Yanyan tried to explain. 
However, Xia Ye Zhao released his hold on her arms, stepped back, and asked again with disappointment rather than sternness, “Tell me, is what he said true?” 
“No, absolutely not!” Xia Wealth was somewhat afraid of his son. 
The Xia family’s rise to prosperity was due not only to their daughter’s superstar status but also to their son’s business acumen. 
He was blessed with successful children, all of them accomplished except for the youngest daughter. Not only had she won no glory for the Xia family, but she might also become a stain on it now! 
Seeing the doubt in his son’s eyes, Xia Wealth vehemently denied it, “Can you imagine me doing such an inhuman thing? She’s the flesh of your mother’s flesh, carrying my blood in her veins. I could never just throw her into the sea. Think about it… it’s impossible!” 
“Then why was she gone when I got home that year? She was only six years old. What did a six-year-old child know about running away from home? And given her poor health at the time…” 
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t know how to continue. 
These were his family! 
He felt a cold shiver running up from his feet… 
Even Ye Junqiang felt a touch of sympathy for Xia Ye Zhao who had just learned about the harsh truth. However, he was not going to show mercy, especially since they had made his little mermaid cry. 
With a cold chuckle, Ye Junqiang retorted, “Xia Ye Zhao, you wanted her to give a reasonable explanation for today’s events, are you satisfied with the explanation? You questioned the person who saved your sister’s life today with such harsh words, you’re just gonna break your sister’s heart!” 
“A lifesaver?” 
Like seeing a glimmer of light in the darkness, Xia Ye Zhao asked, “Ye Junqiang, speak clearly. My little sister didn’t die, she was saved, where is she now?” 
Ye Junqiang knew that Xiao Yuxi didn’t want to expose her identity, and he did not want her to either, in case these people had ulterior motives. 
He told the truth, “Xia Qiongqiong is long dead!” 
The one who is still alive now goes by the name Ye Xingguang! noveldrama
After speaking, Ye Junqiang gave Xia Wealth a dangerous look and warned, “My woman is frail but you have reduced her to this state. Xia Wealth, tell me, how will this matter be settled today? If I don’t get a satisfactory answer, I won’t just ruin your house, I’ll call in a hundred bulldozers and level it to the ground!”
###Chapter 143: Just Like My Little Sister from Childhood_1 
Translator: 549690339 noveldrama
Weak and fragile? 
All the guards of the Xia family who couldn’t even get up were wide-eyed! 
Xiao Yun who came with Ye Junqing, stood at the living room’s entrance. Seeing the disastrous scene of the Xia family and their fallen guards, he crossed his arms, somewhat disbelieving. Was this really the work of Miss Ye? 
He expressed… his doubts. 
Xia Ye Zhao, not caring about the wording of Ye Junqing, was completely consumed by thoughts of his frail little sister. His gaze fell on Ye Xingguang, feeling a sense of familiarity the first time he saw her. 
Now, looking at the girl misty-eyed and held in Ye Junqing’s arms, Xia Ye Zhao finally realized where that familiar feeling was coming from. 
It was those eyes… 
Those eyes that weren’t treated gently… 
Those misty eyes looking at him… 
Those eyes longing to be loved… 
Just like his little sister when she was young… 
Suddenly, his heart clenched. 
“Forget it.” Ye Xingguang averted her gaze. 
She didn’t want her brother caught in the middle. 
Today, she had let out all her pent-up anger, and also learned something. So, her brother had been kept in the dark all this time? 
Ha, running away from home? 
To hell with running away! 
She was at death’s door, and she was running away! 
Ye Xingguang pushed Ye Junqing away, didn’t look at anyone, and walked out with big strides. The feeling her departing figure gave was one of true loneliness. 
Heart-wrenching… 
Ye Junqing suppressed his anger and brushed past Xia Ye Zhao. 
“I’m giving you time to handle your family affairs. If your father doesn’t give me an explanation within three days, bear the consequences!” 
His concise declaration was not meant for Xia Ye Zhao, but for the other three from the Xia family! 
Dare to kidnap his little mermaid, dare to plot a murder and cover it up, if he could let this matter slide, then he, Ye Junqing has lived in vain! 
Having said that, he didn’t hesitate for a second and quickly followed her out. 
Xiao Yun opened the car door for Ye Xingguang: “Miss Ye, please get in the car.” 
Ye Xingguang glanced at the extravagant car, then kept walking. Who would want to ride in a car owned by a malignant tumor? Was she so cheap? 
He had already kicked her out! 
However, she hadn’t gone far before her wrist was grabbed. 
Ye Xingguang forcefully shook off the hand and continued walking. 
Suddenly, from behind, she was lifted into the air by two arms. 
Ye Xingguang struggled vigorously in mid-air: “Let me go!” 
“Let’s talk about it at home, be good~” 
“Who wants to be good, good girls only compromise and get hurt. Do I look like a girl who would compromise? Ye Junqing, if you don’t let me go, I’ll beat you too!” Ye Xingguang struggled fiercely in mid-air. 
“After we get in the car, I’ll let you beat me all you want.” 
With this, Ye Junqing directly lifted her into the car. 
All the way, Ye Xingguang kept her face turned towards the window, not looking at him, still angrier about him kicking her out after she had performed a sacrifice for him. 
Ye Junqing looked at her and tried to find the right words. Eventually, he swallowed everything back. Reaching out, he tried to pull her close. The car space was compact, but it felt like there was a considerable distance between them. 
As soon as his hand touched her arm, Ye Xingguang flinched away, her voice choked, “Don’t touch me.” 
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing promptly grabbed her and pulled her towards him. Ye Xingguang struggled vigorously, “Didn’t you tell me to leave your world? Didn’t you say you don’t want to see me ever again? Why are you holding me now? Ye Junqing, I’m not cheap!” 
“I am!” Ye Junqing directly responded with two words.
###Chapter 144: Unless You Apologize to My Friend by Knocking Your Head Three Times_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Once he finished speaking, he audaciously pulled her into his arms, throwing away his pride, his ego, and any semblance of shame he had left. His only desire was to placate her, “I’ve messed up—I beg you to come home, alright?” 
Just the thought of her almost being deceived and kidnapped today, messed with by men, and nearly dying in a car crash caused Ye Junqing’s heart to boil over with rage, much like a volcanic eruption. The very thought of slicing up Xia Wealth filled him with a vengeful pleasure! 
If he wouldn’t get struck by lightning for making mincemeat out of his father-in-law, he really wouldn’t mind becoming the demon here and now! 
“You’re begging me to go home with you—who do you think you are?” 
In finding herself unable to free herself from his grasp, she growled lowly. 
How could this man be so strong? She was already using all her strength, but it was never enough against his hold, leaving her feeling utterly helpless. The indignity gnawed at her nerves. noveldrama
“I’m the second in line at home.” 
Ye Junqing gave her a seemingly ambiguous answer. 
Seeing her still struggling in his arms, he continued: “I apologize for the things I said on the plane that day—they were all said in anger. I’ve been wanting to tell you, but I haven’t had the opportunity.” 
What’s with all the talk about the plane? She didn’t care about what he said on the plane! The unforgivable sin was the way he put out the incense she had lit for the boy last night! 
“I owe a life debt to Xia Qiongqiong. I like her.” 
Still attempting to hold onto a shred of his dignity, Ye Junqing didn’t mention Ye Xingguang and instead used Xia Qiongqiong’s name to confess his feelings to her. 
A life debt, my ass! Isn’t it just that her older brother asked him to use his family connections to search for him in the sea, giving him the chance to escape a doomed flight? 
In the end, it was all just an excuse to make some money. Such a greedy capitalist! If it weren’t for that conversation she overheard between Fu Zhuo and another person the other night, she would have actually been moved! 
Stepping on the incense she had lit for her young friend was something she could never forgive in a million years! 
Seeing her unchanged expression, Ye Junqing felt a twinge of sadness but held her more closely, unwilling to release her from his arms. “Do you want to know what kind of life debt Xia Qiongqiong has saved me from?” 
“Who doesn’t know about it?” scoffed Ye Xingguang. 
“You know?” Ye Junqing was somewhat surprised. 
Once, he’d asked her the same thing, only to be met with cluelessness, which left him rather disappointed. 
The deep mark left on his memory by that incident found no trace in hers. Knowing this had been a regret for him. But now that he heard her say she knew, his heart warmed back up. 
“Today is my birthday. I’ve organized a party at home, and everyone is waiting for us.” And I’m also waiting for your birthday gift. 
Ye Junqing didn’t vocalize the last part of the statement. It stayed unspoken, his anticipation hidden within him. 
To him, tonight’s birthday bash wouldn’t have been interesting without her. Without her, his birthday celebrations would be, just like Xia Ye had put it, as bland as a funeral. 
Upon hearing his words, Ye Xingguang yelled, “Is your birthday so important? I wanted to properly honor my friend’s death anniversary, you trampled on the incense I lit, and now you have the audacity to ask me to celebrate your birthday with you? Does your birthday count, but my friend’s death anniversary does not? I’m telling you, I’m not playing along with your games!” 
Thinking back on Fu Zhuo’s words about the requirement to celebrate birthdays during their marriage term, Ye Xingguang added, “If you want to sue me, then do it. Worst-case scenario—I’ll go to jail! If you want my forgiveness, you’ll have to kneel and bow three times in apology to my friend!”
###Chapter 145: Qin Junye, How’s That?!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Everyone has a breaking point, a line they simply cannot cross. In her case, it was a young man beyond rescue. noveldrama
He might think extinguishing three incenses isn’t a big deal, but to her, it was unbearable! 
Ye Xingguang bitterly said, “Ye Junqing, you need to put yourself into others’ shoes! Since I came into your home, I’ve been treating you so kindly, trying to protect your brother’s president campaign even by disgracing myself on social media to maintain our relationship. Even after you screamed at me, called me names numerous times, I swallowed my pride and took care of you. But you? All I did was burn a few papers for my friend in your house, and you lost your temper like that? Have you lost all humanity?” 
After saying this, she forcefully pushed his hand away, moved her butt away, and pinched herself on the farthest spot from him, looking out the window. 
Ye Junqing’s face darkened:”Burning paper for your friend? Do you think I don’t know that you were cursing me in secret, praying for my early death!” 
Ye Xingguang turned her head and glared at him: “Are you having paranoid delusions? Why don’t you take your meds?” 
After saying this, she reached for the car door: “Stop the car!” 
In the instant when the car door was opened, the roaring cold wind blew in. She was sitting so close to the open car door, as if she would fall out of the car at any moment, and Ye Junqing’s temples throbbed uncontrollably. 
He pulled her over forcefully, slammed the car door shut, and the cold harsh words hit her face: “Ye Xingguang, are you trying to provoke me?” 
“Lord Qing, Miss Ye, please, let’s calm down and talk it over.” 
Xiao Yun, who had been sitting in the back, finally spoke up. 
“Shut up!” 
Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang both turned their heads and spat back. 
Xiao Yun really wanted to shut up. But if he did, these two seemed likely to start a real fight. 
After listening for half a day, Xiao Yun roughly understood the situation. Last night, Miss Ye had been paying respects to her friend at home. Lord Qing had mistaken it as her cursing him, therefore he destroyed the altar, leading to a bitter argument. Was Miss Ye kicked out by Lord Qing? 
Xiao Yun, trying to calm things down, spoke up: “Miss Ye, may I ask what your friend’s name was?” 
“Qin Junye, so what!” Ye Xingguang couldn’t take it anymore. 
Xiao Yun continued, “Lord Qing, Miss Ye was merely paying respects to her friend, not cursing you. Her friend’s name was Qin Junye. Perhaps there has been a misunderstanding between you two. Why not take some time to cool down and clear the misunderstanding?” 
There was a quiet moment. Ye Junqing didn’t say a word, his eyebrows tightly furrowed, his look was as if he wanted to swallow Ye Xingguang whole. 
“Who is Qin Junye?” He snapped his words. 
That name sounded like something made up on the spot. 
Because, wasn’t Qin Junye just his name spelled backward? 
Did she think he wouldn’t notice? 
“I told you already, my friend!” Ye Xingguang took in Xiao Yun’s words, her tone not as harsh. 
After all, she wasn’t cursing him. He was just being paranoid. 
If it’s just a misunderstanding, she might give him one more chance to make amends! 
Ye Junqing’s face still looked grim: “Is he dead? How did he die?” 
Ye Xingguang’s lips thinned, tears swirling in her eyes, she bit back the pain, “None of your business!” 
Fearing that they would start arguing again, Xiao Yun quickly interrupted: “Miss Ye, do you remember what year your friend passed away? I can look up the death records to confirm if it’s really Qin Junye, maybe it’s just a misunderstanding. Could you tell me the year of his death?” 
Ye Xingguang said, “It was ten years ago, on this day.” 
“Okay.” 
Xiao Yun immediately opened his notebook and said, “Lord Qing, please just cool down a bit, I’ll find out soon. Maybe you really misunderstood Miss Ye.”
###Chapter 146: Still Missing a Xiao Yun!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqing kept a grim expression on his face and said nothing. 
After a while, Xiao Yun who was engrossed in checking the database, said: “I found it. There are eighty people named Qin Junye who died ten years ago. But only three of them died exactly ten years ago from today. Miss Ye, could you identify which one is your friend?” noveldrama
The name was too common for Xiao Yun to determine the right person, so he handed his laptop to Ye Xingguang who was sitting in the front row. 
Ye Xingguang turned to look, and instantly recognized the boy with ordinary features. Her heart ached again: “It’s him.” 
Xiao Yun nodded and clicked open the details of Qin Junye’s life. 
“Yeah, Miss Ye did not lie. Ten years ago, a boy named Qin Junye did indeed die in a maritime accident. Take a look.” 
Ye Junqing looked slightly surprised as he took the laptop from Xiao Yun and glanced at Qin Junye’s details on the screen. 
He’s not good-looking at all—a judgement made by a man with a natural hostility towards any potential male rival. 
Then he looked at his background: Hmm… his family has been farming for three generations! 
Then his education: Hmm… he didn’t even finish primary school! 
Then his occupations: Hmm… working in clothing factories, car repair shops, electric factories, and delivery jobs! 
Then his cause of death: a maritime accident. 
Ye Junqing pressed his lips together tightly and hesitated for a long time, could it be that he had misunderstood her all these years? 
“What did he do to save your life?” Ye Junqing asked. 
Ye Junqing thought, I also saved your life, but you didn’t seem to pay much attention to that. Besides, when I saved you, you were so ungrateful. You didn’t appreciate my help at all. Why are you still harboring thoughts about him? 
He slightly resented this unknown factor. 
Ye Xingguang suppressed her grief of losing her friend: “When I was in trouble, he stepped forward and saved my life.” 
“When was that?” 
“I’ve told you already. It was ten years ago, at sea. He died saving me.” 
Ye Junqing said nothing more. The time and place were right. She indeed encountered an assassination attempt at sea ten years ago in summer. 
At that time, he was also dealing with a crisis. He was injured and his blood attracted a school of sharks. He was unable to escape. It was only her timely intervention during her escape that saved him from becoming food for the sharks. 
Likewise, during their joint escape, he witnessed the assassins’ determination to kill her. 
Thinking about it, Ye Junqing could feel his veins throbbing with rage. 
Still, with irritation in his voice, Ye Junqing persisted: “Why didn’t you explain to me?” 
Ye Xingguang was exasperated: “Didn’t I explain to you? I only mentioned my friend!” 
Ye Junqing fell silent. His demand for an explanation referred not to the previous night, but to the past. Why didn’t she communicate properly with him and mislead him by burning paper and making curses? Why did she let him misunderstand her? 
Remembering how their relations suffered over the years because of burning paper rituals, Ye Junqing felt a strong sense of guilt and regret. If they had communicated effectively at that time, would their relationship have been different now? 
There wasn’t a Xiao Yun back then! 
Back then, all he had was Fu Zhuo who only added fuel to the fire! 
Comparing the two, Ye Junqing felt betrayed by Fu Zhuo and held a grudge against him. 
“Seems like I misunderstood you,” Ye Junqing said, his tone half-apologetic. 
But he wasn’t entirely sincere. He felt a sour taste in his mouth. 
He too had saved her life. Why can’t she just spend a happy birthday with him? Did she think that he wasn’t as dedicated as Qin Junye because he didn’t die for her? 
Had he not been… then he might already have been six feet under. Could he have also had a place in her heart forever then?
###Chapter 147: A Very Pure Life and Death Friendship _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Lost in thought, Ye Junqing squinted and said, “Is he the one you said you had feelings for?” 
“What are you talking about?” 
The boy and I are simply close friends bound by life and death! 
“No?” Ye Junqing seemed relieved. 
Otherwise, no matter how capable he was, he could not make her forget someone who was already gone. Yet, a living rival was a different matter. 
Ye Xingguang did not want to deal with him. Probably tired from the day’s turmoil, she felt both physically and mentally exhausted and closed her eyes. 
And so, the two of them avoided each other during the journey. 
The car smoothly made its way back to the Ye’s residence, finally stopping at the bustling entrance. Someone respectfully opened the car door for her, but Ye Xingguang remained in the car, unwilling to get out. 
However, her stomach shamelessly let out a growling sound. 
Having only eaten breakfast and skipping both lunch and dinner today, coupled with the whole afternoon’s ordeal, she was extremely hungry. 
Upon hearing her stomach growl, Ye Junqing’s annoyance was replaced by a grin. 
Ye Xingguang, finding this humiliating, shot him a glare. “No laughing,” she declared. 
“There’s plenty of delicious food in the mansion. Various seafood, cake, beverages, pastries…” Seeing her unwillingness to leave the car, Ye Junqing listed some of her favorite dishes to tempt her. 
“Xingguang.” Xiao Mi Hu ran out of the mansion upon hearing the commotion, with a piece of cake in his hand. 
Swallowing her saliva, Ye Xingguang stayed mute. 
Ye Junqing made way for Xiao Mi Hu, who yanked Xingguang out of the car and exclaimed, “Where did you go? I can’t have fun without you. Heard you went to the Xia’s family to cause a commotion. How awesome is that?” 
Confronted by Xiao Mi Hu, Ye Xingguang suppressed her fury and got out of the car. 
She treated Ye Junqing like air and only played with Xiao Mi Hu. 
Entering the house, she asked, “How did you know?” 
Xiao Mi Hu replied, “How else would I know? Everyone who attended the party tonight knows. That assistant of Xia Yanyan’s, Ye Li, is awful. She loudly claimed here that you vented the rage from being kicked out by Ye Junqing on Xia Yanyan, accusing you of causing a scene at the Xia’s, and even claimed you nearly killed Xia Yanyan.” 
Ye Xingguang frowned. She didn’t know about this. 
While eating his cake angrily, Xiao Mi Hu revealed, “I then slapped Ye Li twice, driving her away!” 
“Really?” 
Xiao Mi Hu snorted, “If it weren’t for my bodyguard, I would’ve slapped her again. She dares to fan the flames here, thinking I won’t catch her stirring trouble because I’m aloof?” 
“Thank you, Mi Hu.” 
Xiao Mi Hu responded, “What are you talking about? We are the duo fighting against the powerful.” 
After saying that, Xiao Mi Hu leaned in and whispered, “But there’s some chatter at the banquet. Many people who heard Ye Li’s words take them as truth. They’re saying behind your back that you wooed Ye Junqing, but he rejected you. Now that the online hype about you two has died down, Ye Junqing has dropped you. They say you’re upset about it and went to Xia’s family to confront Xia Yanyan, making a spectacle of yourself. I was furious when I heard it. How could Ye Junqing kick you out? Is it really because he still has feelings for Xia Yanyan?” 
Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth, without clarifying, she only said, “No, I went to Xia’s family to settle another score. I didn’t expect Xia Yanyan to pull such a stunt using her assistant. Good, very good!”noveldrama
###Chapter 148: I’ll Amaze Everyone_1 
Translator: 549690339 
At this point, a close friend of Xia Yanyan’s approached Xiao Mi Hu and said, “Xiao Mi Hu, didn’t you claim you could dance? Why are you running? If you can’t dance, just admit it, why show off? In all likelihood, you can only resort to crude brawling, right?” 
Ye Xingguang squinted and looked over, “Who are you?” 
“And who are you? I’m talking to Xiao Mi Hu, why should you intervene?” Xia Yanyan’s friend was Xue Zhixi. 
“She is Ye Junqing’s…” Before Xiao Mi Hu could finish, Ye Xingguang stopped her, gesturing her to keep silent. 
Xue Zhixi sized up Ye Xingguang, “What is she to Ye Junqing? A servant at home?” 
Today Ye Junqing was hosting a birthday banquet. Xue Zhixi came with her husband. Everyone was dressed formally; the men in suits, the women in gowns, indulging in the beauty of the occasion. Even Xiao Mi Hu was wearing a long dress and had styled her hair nicely. However, Ye Xingguang was in jeans and a white shirt, which was creased and a bit dirty from getting into a commotion at Xia’s home. She didn’t look like a guest at all. 
Ye Xingguang responded with a cold smile, remaining silent. 
Xue Zhixi assumed she had stunned Ye Xingguang and shifted her attention away from her. Xiao Mi Hu had struck her friend’s assistant earlier. How could she face her friend if she didn’t deal with Xiao Mi today? 
Xue Zhixi crossed her arms and said, “Xiao Mi Hu, can you dance or not? If yes, show us in the dance floor. If not, admit it directly. I won’t look down on you. Just admit that you’re crude and lack elegance.” 
Xiao Mi Hu was furious, “Who said I can’t, I…” 
She had enrolled in a training class two months ago and had learned for two months, but when compared to these rich young ladies who had been dancing at various banquets since childhood and treated social dancing as a piece of cake, she was subpar. 
“What, can’t find your words? Can’t you do it?” Xue Zhixi’s voice was filled with mockery. 
“I…” Xiao Mi Hu couldn’t confidently say she was fit for it, her face turning red with anger. 
In a low voice, Ye Xingguang asked, “Can you do it?” 
Xiao Mi Hu leaned in close to Ye Xingguang’s ear, “I’ve only learned for two months, and I get nervous the moment I step into the dance floor. The bandit doesn’t have a soft touch, he doesn’t know how to take care of me while dancing…” 
Ye Xingguang understood. 
Then, she pulled Xiao Mi Hu to the side of the dance floor and suddenly made a dance invitation gesture to her, “My beautiful lady, may I have this dance?” 
“What?” Xiao Mi Hu was taken aback. 
Ye Xingguang winked at her, “Dare to trust me? I will make you the dazzling star of the room.” 
Xiao Mi Hu: 
It was just like Xiao Mi Hu to act before thinking. She only followed her heart. Any other girl at this moment would’ve thought Ye Xingguang had lost her mind—two women dancing together. But Xiao Mi Hu didn’t bother overthinking it, she simply found it amusing. 
She usually got nervous when she got close to the dance floor, but Ye Xingguang’s move made her laugh. She immediately put her hand gently on Ye Xingguang’s palm like a little lady and gave a playful smile, “I’m not afraid of making a fool of myself. I, Xiao Mi Hu, am not a socialite. What’s the big deal if I can’t dance?” 
“I won’t let you make a fool of yourself. I’ll just make those who mocked you slap themselves.” noveldrama
Under the watchful eyes of everyone, Ye Xingguang led Xiao Mi Hu step by step into the center of the dance floor. 
Among men and women in the dance floor, they were the only two girls. The unusual sight immediately drew everyone’s attention.
###Chapter 149: Spilled Vinegar of Two Men_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang’s hand dropped onto Xiao Mi Hu’s shoulder, whispering something in her ear, to which Xiao Mi Hu responded with a smile. Then, they began to dance. 
Ye Xingguang in a white shirt performed the male steps, and Xiao Mi Hu in a long dress performed the female steps. 
While she was a girl, the steps she took exuded a sense of grandeur even more extravagant than a man’s, carrying an undertone of languid tenderness. 
The alternating bright and dim lights shone on the two girls. 
This unconventional sight was not comical or ludicrous. Instead, it was refreshing. The girl executing the male steps moved with agility and power. Each motion, every action, was measured just right, exuding confidence and arrogance. 
The girl performing the female steps, although stiff at first, increasingly moved with confidence and grace under the rhythmic lead of the other girl, like a lightweight disc gliding in the air. 
Their commanding performance of the waltz in the dance floor was captivating. 
The girl in the white shirt would occasionally lean in, whispering something into the ear of the girl in the long dress, as if sharing a secret or flirting. 
The girl in the long dress, unknowingly, cheeks flushed, aroused curiosity about their conversation. 
Even though everyone knew the two girls couldn’t possibly be lovers, the sight suggested an illusion of amorous exchanges between lovers on the dance floor. 
Mo Fei, who was initially seated on the couch with a glass of wine, had unknowingly fixed her gaze on the back of the girl in the white shirt on the dance floor, jealousy brewing inside her, as if she had knocked over a jar of vinegar. 
Ye Jun Qing, after a short exchange with some friends outside, walked in to find this scene and couldn’t help but furrow his brows. 
A sense of jealousy instinctively arose in his heart. 
Don’t these two girls realize that they are both committed to someone else? Yet here they are, intimately dancing in front of their partners, lost in their playful world… 
Xiao Mi Hu was too excited. She had only learned for two months, but following Ye Xingguang’s lead, she felt like a radiant heroine, nailing the dance impeccably. 
She felt as if she were floating~~ 
Ye Xingguang had told her to imagine herself dancing with an outlaw during their sweetest moments. 
Xiao Mi Hu closed her eyes, and her mind was filled with nostalgia of the happy times with her outlaw, as Ye Xingguang guided her in a continuous whirl. She feared multiple times that Ye might not hold up, yet a mistake never occurred. 
A soft beam of light trickled down from the crystal chandelier above the dance floor, fracturing into bewitching sparks right above their heads… 
The girls’ dance was so passionate it was indescribable. 
The other dancers gradually withdrew from the dance floor, leaving a clear stage for the two girls. 
Because they were just that good. 
Man on the left, woman on the right, advancing and retreating, pushing and pulling — utterly flawless… noveldrama
At this moment, everyone forgot about their gender, crowding around them, making the dance floor the most dazzling center. 
Only two jilted men, feeling cuckolded, couldn’t watch anymore. Almost in sync, they slipped past the crowd into the dance floor, attempting to stake their claim. 
Ye Xingguang held onto Xiao Mi Hu’s fingers, initiating a spin. 
The next second, her waist was gently pulled into the embrace of another man, while the spinning Xiao Mi Hu’s hand was smoothly taken over by another man… 
The solo dances by the two girls instantaneously became a couples’ dance. The ambiguity on the dance floor once again escalated…
###Chapter 150: She is the Entire Universe in His Eyes_1 
Translator: 549690339 
A strong scent of masculine pheromones hit Ye Xingguang straight on, causing her to freeze momentarily. Looking up, she abruptly met a pair of deep black eyes that seemed as though they could swallow her whole. Her instinctual reaction was to refuse to dance with Ye Junqing. 
However, being in the middle of a dance floor, walking away would cause a scene and could damage everyone’s reputation. 
Ye Xingguang grinded her teeth internally but managed to maintain composure, seamlessly transitioning from a male role to a female role in the dance. 
As a male dancer, she was balanced, bold and assertive; 
But as a female dancer, her movements became remarkably lightweight. The transition was smooth and natural, like a cloud flowing in the sky, without a trace of inconsistency. 
“I never knew you could dance.” Ye Junqing grasped her delicate hand tightly in his warm palm. 
A hint of tenderness radiated from him as he lowered his head and smiled. 
He remembered how he forcefully invited her as a dance partner to numerous events in the past, but every time he asked her to dance, she would always claim that she couldn’t. 
Whenever she couldn’t, he’d hire a dance teacher to tutor her, but she never cooperated. In the end, the dance teacher concluded: she has no talent for dancing, it’s best not to force her and seek someone more skilled instead. 
But after witnessing her elegant performance tonight, even in the male role, how could he continue to believe the dance teacher’s words? 
That girl was just reluctant to dance with him in the past! 
With this thought, Ye Junqing felt a mix of frustration and surprise, but couldn’t help asking her with excitement: “How many more surprises are you hiding for me to discover?” 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, wondering how dancing could be seen as such a big deal. 
When she was living on an island, the local community would regularly organize dance events to pass time. They were not dancing at a local square, but waltzing, rumba dancing, performing folk dances, tangoing… noveldrama
After watching so many dances, she should be a competent dancer, right? 
Nothing bothered her more than those high-class ladies who think they are superior because they can perform a few social dances. 
Back in her hometown, everyone, young and old, could waltz. There was nothing extraordinary about it. 
“Who is that girl? She embodies both masculine and feminine charm. When she was dancing with Xiao Mi Hu earlier, she was like a young gentleman with perfectly controlled strength and posture. Now, while dancing with Ye Junqing, her body is as soft and elusive as smoke. She truly is enchanting.” 
“Absolutely, I’ve been learning the waltz since I was a child, but I still can’t dance the man’s part. Not only she can perform the woman’s steps brilliantly, but she also excels in the man’s part. She truly stands out tonight, although her dress could be more appropriate. If she were wearing a dress, she would look even more beautiful…” 
“Look at the way Ye Junqing is admiring her. It’s as if his world revolves around her, and nobody else exists. I’ve never seen him look so tender before. As onlookers, even we’re getting emotionally involved…” 
Does Ye Junqing’s world revolve around her? At this moment, Ye Xingguang occupied his entire universe. 
He was concentrating on dancing with her. His eyes were showing a kind of gentleness that was hard to put into words. She wasn’t wearing a dress but every time she twirled under his fingers, he felt like he was falling deeper into her charm details. 
For a usual girl, spinning more than ten times would be impressive, but she managed to spin more than thirty times under his fingertips. The more she spun, the more graceful she became, increasing the speed and leaving onlookers breathless. 
“Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty, forty-one…,” 
“Oh my God, how does she do it? Doesn’t she get dizzy…?”
###Chapter 151: When a woman steps up, men really have nothing to do with it! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
In the final turn, Ye Xingguang played a dirty trick. She let go of Ye Junqing’s hand and in a blink of an eye, stole Xiao Mi Hu, who was in Mo Fei’s hands. 
Swapping dance partners once again, Ye Xingguang fluidly changed over from a male to a female step and ignited the dance floor with Xiao Mi Hu once more. 
The two single men, Ye Junqing and Mo Fei, didn’t predict such an outcome. Although Ye Xingguang could switch between male and female dance steps at will, the two men couldn’t possibly waltz together. 
The watching crowd, paused momentarily and then broke into laughter. 
This girl was sly! 
Xiao Mi Hu was thrilled. She had been nervous while dancing with the bandit, but as soon as Ye Xingguang took over, her confidence was restored. Gratefully, she flashed Ye Xingguang a look. 
Ye Xingguang returned her gaze with a flirtatious glint in her eyes. The two girls exchanged glances, seemingly teasing each other seductively. 
The two men standing bewildered on the dance floor, unable to reclaim their dance partners, were left speechless. 
Both gave each other a glance, hoping to seize a chance to reclaim their female partners and assert their ownership, but Ye Xingguang gave them no opportunity. 
With one hand holding Xiao Mi Hu’s hand and the other on Xiao Mi Hu’s shoulder, Ye Xingguang rotated exuberantly with her due to the lack of space. The guests backed off, making more room for the two girls. 
The soothing music flowed like water… 
It’s as if they were drifting in the stream… 
Under the scatterings of light, they were stunning. 
The surrounding crowd couldn’t help but burst into applause. 
When women become handsome, men really don’t stand a chance! 
Although “she” was dressed in a wrinkled white shirt, in that moment she resembled a White Knight. An indescribable sense of nobility and elegance that couldn’t be derived from any gorgeous attire, radiated from her. 
Her magnetic aura… 
For a moment, Xiao Mi Hu felt she might fall in love with the “White Knight” leading her in dance. In her arms, Xiao Mi Hu felt she could be the noble Snow White, not like when she was in the arms of the bandit, feeling like the humble duckling… 
As the song ended, Xiao Mi Hu tilted back at a 90-degree angle, fully supported by Ye Xingguang. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang, with one hand raised high holding Xiao Mi Hu’s hand, leaned in and romantically gazed at Xiao Mi Hu. 
They remained in that position for a full thirty seconds as the music faded. 
The sporadic applause was deafening. 
Ye Junqing and Mo Fei, however, were enraged and wished to separate the girls as soon as possible. It was unbearable! 
They had gazed romantically into each other’s eyes for thirty seconds while holding the position, was it like they were non-existent? 
Both men advanced, preparing to pull the two girls apart, when finally Ye Xingguang lifted Xiao Mi Hu back up. 
After regaining their balance, they faintly bowed to the audience, marking the end of their perfect performance… 
“Ahh! Xingguang, Xingguang, you’re so cool! How can you be so cool? I really want to marry you!” 
Exiting the dance floor, Xiao Mi Hu’s mind was still in a whirl, as she leapt onto Ye Xingguang, unable to control her excitement. 
She said, “I never knew that I could dance so beautifully, haha, wait for me, I am going to find Xue Zhixi! Today I, Mi Hu, finally held my head high on the dance floor. I am so beautiful, I’m almost enchanted by myself.” 
Ye Junqing stood aside, glaring fiercely at Mo Fei. He had only one second, he must pull his woman away quickly!
###Chapter 152: My Little Destiny is Like a Single Stroke in Chinese Characters_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Even before a second passed, Mo Fei had forcefully pulled Xiao Mi Hu back, coaxing her, “Let’s go, I’ll take you to Xue Zhixi.” 
Upon hearing this, Xiao Mi Hu strode off confidently. 
Once Xiao Mi Hu had left, Ye Xingguang went to the food area, picked up a white plate, selected her favourite dishes, found a seat and began to fill her stomach, completely uninterested in attending to the man who kept sticking to her. 
She sat in front of the living room’s large window, looking out at tonight’s lively villa. From inside to outside, the place was beautifully decorated with dazzling lights and social activities, though she had no interest in partaking in the festivity. 
After gaining some fame through dancing, many guests wanted to get to know her, but they were all blocked by Ye Junqing. 
Ye Junqing was lazily sitting on a chair, looking at her with affectionate eyes. He found her mesmerizing, and had no wish to share her with anyone. 
Seeing her face smeared with sauce, he gently pulled out a couple of napkins, gently wiping it off her lips. 
He was so indulgent that he might as well have held her in the highest regard. 
Some guests were clearly dissatisfied with Ye Junqing’s perfunctory attitude, expressing their displeasure incessantly. 
“Master Ye, you’re being intentionally vague. Why not introduce us and satisfy our curiosity?” 
“Master Ye, trust us, even if you’ve found true love and kick the girl assigned to you by the state to the curb, we won’t leak any of your private affairs. Just tell us a little about this girl’s identity,” they urged. 
“Right, we’re all good friends who can keep secrets. If the country also randomly assigned me a woman, I’d also be annoyed. Especially if she was so ungrateful as to go and make a scene at Xia’s family. If this becomes a scandal, where will you lose face?” noveldrama
At these words, Ye Junqing’s complexion was terrible. He wished he could kick these fuel-adding friends off to Siberia. 
Could they shut their mouths if they didn’t know the full situation? 
However, his friends didn’t get the idea, and perceiving his darkened, stormy expression, they thought he was angry about his state-allocated girl causing a scene at Xia’s family, so they continued to persuade: 
“Master Ye, don’t be angry. I heard that girl assigned by the country to you is a commoner? It’s not uncommon for a commoner girl, without any etiquette training, to behave like this. Just ignore her.” 
“Yes, yes, just support her with some money for now, just as if you were raising a cat or a dog. After a year, isn’t it up to you how you let her go?” 
Ye Junqing, with a cold glance, snapped: “Shut up!” 
“Master Ye, we’re only worried about you. Instead of this shrew, why not choose the beauty right here? Her gallantry on the dance floor is something few girls can achieve.” 
Ye Junqing’s temples were throbbing. 
Just when he was about to introduce her, Ye Xingguang put down her fork, lifted her head, and looked at those few guests coldly: “Do you think that the coarse carp girl assigned by the country to Ye Junqing is not worthy of him?” 
“How could she possibly be?”, someone blurted out. 
“Right, she just has shit luck!” 
As soon as the words came out, the extremely handsome Lin Hanfeng hurried over, shouting, “My stroke of destiny, I finally found you…” 
[Author’s note: Six chapters updated, PK promotion, there will be more updates coming, thanks for your recommendation and continued support for the next round of PK…]
###Chapter 153: This is the Carp Girl_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Seeing Lin Hanfeng rushing toward, Ye Junqing sprinted forward, blocking Lin Hanfeng’s attempt to give his woman a big hug. 
Ye Xingguang, however, warmly smiled at Lin Hanfeng, her voice no longer cold: “Fate Brother.” 
“My little Fate Sister.” 
The two kept sweetly referring to each other as brother and sister, making Ye Junqing livid. They had only met once before they started calling each other siblings. 
This started after an interview following a group dinner in Z city, and Ye Junqing was fuming and scowling throughout. 
This Lin Hanfeng, presuming he could become the older godbrother of his little Mermaid, wanted to gain superiority by becoming her godbrother since he couldn’t surpass Ye Junqing on the ranking list! 
The men fawning around them looked on with curiosity as Lin Hanfeng approached. 
“Mr. Lin, so you know this young beauty. We were just wondering who could introduce us. Please do the honors.” 
Dodging Ye Junqing’s protective stance, Lin Hanfeng stood beside Ye Xingguang, his arm casually draped over her shoulders, “What, you don’t even recognize my little Fate? Didn’t you see her breathtaking dance just now? Allow me to introduce you properly, this is the new Dancing Goddess who almost became my cute wife, Lin Hanfeng!” 
The men awaiting Lin Hanfeng’s introduction were taken aback: “!!!” 
That’s a lot of information to take in. Did Lin Hanfeng and Ye Junqing both pursue this young beauty, and Lin Hanfeng lost? 
“Mr. Lin, did you fail in pursuing this beauty? I can’t blame you, if it were me, I would choose Lord Junqing too.” 
Lin Hanfeng: “Nonsense, when we were drawing lots at the Civil Affairs Bureau, my little Fate was clearly attracted to my number. Sadly, the selection time was too short, you see, machines lack empathy and ended up matching my little Fate with Ye Junqing’s number. Otherwise, she would have been the little wife assigned to me by the state.” 
“Lin Hanfeng, I’m in a good mood today. Choose how you want to die,” Ye Junqing said coldly. He’d never celebrated a birthday as unpleasantly as today. 
Lin Hanfeng laughed heartily and kept his mouth shut. 
The men around them were dumbstruck, as though hit by a bombshell. 
“Wait wait wait…wait, Mr. Lin, are you saying that this young beauty standing here is the Mermaid Girl assigned to Lord Junqing by the state?” 
“What else?” Lin Hanfeng casually replied. 
“This ….” noveldrama
It was over. What on earth did they all just say? 
Could they take back their words? 
Man, they wished they could smack their own mouths! 
The men who had been flattering the wrong person were now stuck in an extremely awkward predicament, having no idea what to do next. 
“Well, Lord Junqing, nature does call, could you show me to your restroom, I’ll just be a moment.” 
“Me too, brother wait for me…” 
“Young lady, please don’t mind me. I didn’t say anything just now. I am man with untamed words. I’ll be slapping myself and then I also have to answer the call of nature…” 
As they spoke, the several men scattered away in the fear that Ye Junqing would tear them apart should they delay. Lord Junqing’s frightening expression now made complete sense! 
“What happened to them? Why did they run off like scared chickens?” Picking up a drink from a passing waiter, Lin Hanfeng took a slow sip. 
Ye Xingguang put a piece of beef into her mouth, chewing irritably, “Nothing. They were just saying how lucky I was and how I don’t deserve Ye … the birthday boy! No matter, I know myself. Once this meal is done, I’ll be off. I make enough money to support myself, and don’t need someone treating me like a pet …” 
Ye Junqing’s face was cold. Who ever said he wanted to keep her as a pet? 
Ye Junqing suddenly got up and walked away. 
Watching the retreating back of a disgruntled Ye Junqing, Ye Xingguang suddenly lost her appetite.
###Chapter 154: Don’t Panic, Let Me Sing a Song First_i 
Translator: 549690339 
She knew in her heart that her tirade was nothing more than venting her wrath. After all, he had thrown her out the door last night and left her up for discussion by the guests. 
She was happy when he rushed to the Xia’s house to defend her tonight, but now that he left abruptly, it felt as if the man who had just wiped the sauce from the corner of her mouth was a mere illusion. 
Ye Xingguang poked viciously at the spaghetti on the white porcelain plate with her fork. She moved her food around aimlessly and chewed without tasting, eating very slowly. 
There was an unrealistic expectation in her heart, hoping he would come back to mollify her. 
But it never happened. 
She began to feel self-indulgent, thinking that his forcing her to come back tonight meant he regretted his actions last night. 
After having a few words with Lin Hanfeng, and with him gone to meet his friend, she finished all the food on the white porcelain plate all by herself. 
Words spoken and deeds done cannot be revoked. She had declared that she would be leaving right after having her dinner, but nobody seemed to care to persuade her to stay. There would be no point for her to continue to stay and to invite humiliation. 
After thinking for a moment, she stood up and began to walk out. 
Before she reached the door, all the bright lights in the mansion suddenly dimmed, plunging the scene into darkness. 
“What happened, was there a blackout?” 
“Go see if the fuse has blown. It would be such a downer if the lights went out half way through the birthday party and before we even had the cake.” 
“Yes, yes, I am scared of the dark. My phone battery is dead, can someone use their phone flashlight for lighting?” 
Noises rippled through the crowd. 
She took out her phone, intending to switch on the flashlight. 
At that moment, two beams of light cascaded down from the second floor, searching for their targets. 
The twin beams of light swept lightly over face after face, as if searching for a pair of lovers lost in the world’s corners… 
Suddenly, one beam found its target, casting a 45-degree angle of light on the breathtakingly beautiful face of the man seated at the glossy black piano. 
Everyone instantly recognised him, Ye Junqing. 
He said, “Tonight, I would like to introduce a friend.” 
Then, another spotlight, with a ‘whoosh,’ centered straight onto Ye Xingguang, who was about to walk out. 
All eyes simultaneously fell on the girl standing where the beam of light concentrated. Everyone recognized her, she was the girl they had been discussing and felt curious about, the androgynous girl from the dance floor. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, what was happening? 
Before she could gather her thoughts, soothing music started flowing from Ye Junqing’s clearly defined fingers. 
From the very first bars, Ye Xingguang recognised the melody. Wasn’t it “Time of my Life,” the piece that had captivated Master Gu the first time he heard it? 
How did this man know how to play this piece that she had only composed a short while ago? 
She had only performed it once at the music world’s opening ceremony and hadn’t published it at all afterward. 
On social media, though, an MP3 version of this song did exist, viciously criticized by Xia Yanyan’s fans. There were all kinds of harsh words 
“It’s terrible. I really don’t understand why Master Gu is promoting it so much.” 
“Haha, to say this song can compare to Xia Yanyan’s songs, what a load of garbage, I feel sick every time I hear it!” 
“Master Gu must be promoting it for Ling Han’s new album. Since the music chart couldn’t surpass Xia Yanyan, they attempted to gain popularity by creating hype. Never thought an old veteran from the music industry would resort to such a tactic, haha…” 
But at this moment, that incredibly beautiful man sitting before the piano like a prince, was playing the piece that she had composed. With a devilish curve on his lips, he said in a pleasing, magnetic voice, “Don’t panic, just listen quietly while I sing a song first.”
###Chapter 155: You are My One Night Starlight_i 
Translator: 549690339 
As the words fell, his extraordinarily handsome and distinguished face turned slightly, his gaze falling on the centre of another light source. No one could say if these words were aimed at the restless guests or at Ye Xingguang, poised to leave. 
The city’s most beautiful man then withdrew his gaze. 
As his fingers danced across the black and white keys of the piano, his deep, peach-blossom eyes slowly closed. 
As if he was brewing emotions, countless scenes and memories in his mind rewinded like a film… 
Then, everyone heard Ye Junqing’s singing voice. 
No one knew that he wasn’t singing a song, but voicing his innermost feelings, a confession he had prepared for a day and a night. 
A confession written into the lyrics of the song. 
He hoped she would understand. 
But he foresaw that she wouldn’t. 
Why does it matter… 
He wanted to express his sentiment to her in this way, even if she didn’t understand, as long as he alone knew. 
“Close your eyes, 
I can hear my own heart 
Calling out for Ye Xingguang all the time 
I thought 
A life spent together is the trap of love 
Destined to ensnare us in the ocean of happiness 
Who would have known the starlight I desired is across the Milky Way 
Reminiscence is a bitter song 
Never doubted my desire to spend the rest of my life with you, 
oh…baby … 
Do you know that you are my Ye Xingguang 
oh…baby … 
Do you know that you are the only one I want 
oh…baby … 
Do you know that you are the Ye Xingguang I long for” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was taken aback. She hadn’t written lyrics to this tune, but these lines were captivating. Who wrote this? 
They were truly beautiful, even more moving than the tune itself. 
‘You are my Ye Xingguang’, there was even her name in the lyrics. Was it a coincidence or a deliberate act? 
Ye Xingguang’s heart couldn’t help but stir as she gazed at the man singing passionately. She never knew his singing could be so enchanting… 
Under the spotlight, he sat elegantly and regally at the piano. His performance on the piano was so enchanting that no one could take their eyes off him. 
It wasn’t just Ye Xingguang who couldn’t take her eyes off him, there were other women in the room, all moved by the man softly playing the piano and crooning… 
Ye Junqing wasn’t looking at anyone. Every movement of his fingertips spoke of his frustration, his defeat in love, his struggle about whether he should keep going. 
Yes, he never denied it, in love, he was a failure, a coward who could not have what he wanted, so he had long decided to close his heart and lock up his love. 
“Close your eyes, 
I see your smile, 
Filling up my gray world, 
I thought, 
Pledging lifelong love is the wind of love, 
Destined to carry us to the kingdom of happiness, 
Who would have known the starlight that belongs to me is just out of reach, 
Reminiscence is a painful song, 
Never doubted my desire to walk by your side, 
But my longing can’t match the rainlight in your eyes 
oh…baby … 
Do you know that you are my Ye Xingguang 
oh…baby … 
Do you know that you are the only one I want 
oh…baby … 
Do you know that you are the Ye Xingguang I long for” 
As he sang up to this point, Ye Junqing’s exceptional eyes suddenly opened. Again turning his head, he let his gaze fall on Ye Xingguang, illuminated by another beam of light. His fingers moved more fiercely on the black and white keys, and his song reached a crescendo, soaring to new heights. 
His voice caught ever so slightly, the stunning lyrics, the breathtaking confession, rolled off his tongue once again. 
“oh…baby … 
You are my Ye Xingguang, 
Not my one-night ray of rainlight, 
If letting go, is the love that you most want but I don’t want to give, 
I am not unwilling to let love go, even if it hurts 
If letting go, is the love that you most want but I don’t want to give, 
No matter how painful, I will let it go. 
Never wanted to be single, 
Never wanted no marriage, 
I found out, 
Destiny is a humorous song, 
I want so much to hold your hand, walking along the Milky Way with you.”
###Chapter 156: Too Romantic, Too Aesthetic_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Please step aside, thank you.” noveldrama
“Please step aside, thank you.” 
“Please step aside, thank you.” 
Sometime unbeknownst, several bodyguards appeared in the living room and started clearing the area, moving all the guests obstructing Ye Jun Qing’s view to the sides, completely emptying the spacious living room. 
The guests, not knowing what was happening, were about to complain when suddenly, the world plunged into darkness again. 
Even the light blooming on Ye Jun Qing and Ye Xingguang disappeared… 
On-site, after the rhythmic song ended, all that was left was the sound of the piano accompaniment. 
Xiao Yun had quietly walked to Ye Xingguang’s side, whispering to her, “Miss Ye, could you please go to Master Qing’s side?” 
“Huh? Why?” Ye Xingguang knew she asked a silly question. 
She was a bit flustered. 
Xiao Yun replied, “You’ll understand once you go over there. Master Qing has prepared a special program for you.” 
“Ah…oh, what is he up to?” 
Xiao Yun remained silent, only speaking up to say, “Please wait and see. Master Qing is apologizing for his actions last night, hoping that you accept his genuine apology.” 
This was something Xiao Yun added on his own, but he figured there was no harm in saying more. 
“But, it’s too dark, I don’t even know where Ye Jun Qing is.” 
In fact, she knew, she could tell by the sound of the piano, let alone that a beam of light was shining on Ye Jun Qing just a moment ago. 
Xiao Yun chuckled and guided Ye Xingguang, appearing to lead her forward. 
However, Xiao Yun only took a few steps before stopping, saying, “Miss Ye, for the remaining distance, you should go by yourself. Continue walking straight ahead, Master Qing is sitting in front of the piano. One more step, and the starlight will illuminate you.” 
What does that mean? 
Ye Xingguang was puzzled. 
Xiao Yun did not say more. 
Helpless, Ye Xingguang could only step forward. 
Unexpectedly, after taking just one step, the specially laid mirror carpet under her feet rippled with starlight. 
Not only was she startled by the starlight, but so were the guests listening to the song. 
“Wow, what is that?” 
But the starlight soon vanished, and the world fell back into darkness. Surprised, Ye Xingguang took another step, and once again, where her foot landed, the mirror carpet rippled with starlight. 
After five seconds, because she was not moving, the starlight disappeared and the world was plunged back into darkness. 
Ye Xingguang was startled and, as though discovering a new world, promptly took a third step, a fourth step, a fifth step… 
“Wow! So romantic. With each step that girl takes, she creates starlight. I want to play too.” A girl was bursting to join but was stopped by a bodyguard. 
“Such a buzzkill, why can she play and we can’t? It’s so beautiful, just let me step on it.” 
“Yeah, I also want to step on it, it’s like magic, so romantic, so ethereal.” 
The beautiful starlight continuously followed Ye Xingguang as she moved, creating ripples like waves on the surface of water with each step she took. What sort of celestial magic is this? 
Feeling self-conscious, Ye Xingguang hesitated to take another step. What was this man up to? 
Looking up, the man was singing as he played the piano: 
“Oh…baby… 
You are my one night’s starlight, 
Not my one night’s rainlight. 
If there’s a chance to start over, the love I want the most is the love you can give, 
How can I not look forward to mending our relationship? 
If there’s a chance to start over, the love I want the most is the love you can give, 
Can you walk towards me stepping on the starlight…”
###Chapter 157: If It Doesn’t Become Popular, It’s Against Nature’s Laws! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
She did not know if it was the lyrics that were too fitting, but with her standing over the ground scattered with starlight, she was even more hesitant to move. 
However, this song, only the last line was apt, the rest had nothing to do with their relationship. 
The lyrics told a story of a couple finding a way out of a dead-end situation, but she and Ye Junqing had never been in a relationship. She merely hoped to coexist peacefully with him during their official arrangement, and he probably felt the same. 
When Ye Junqing sang up to this point, his deep peach blossom eyes fixated on the girl who was walking towards him against the backdrop of starlight. 
He did not desire to romance anyone, nor was he fond of flashy things, he just wanted to inject some courage into his vague path of love. 
He longed for her to walk towards him step by step, witnessed by all their friends… 
He would treasure each step. 
For once all his friends told him that to not waste time on her as she was a stone that could not be heated. 
They would say, “Junqing, why bother?” 
They would say, “There are plenty of fish in the sea.” 
But apparently, there might be countless options for him but he didn’t want anyone but her. 
Damn it. 
He began to feel uncomfortable, there were signs of his illness surfacing… 
Perhaps he was too emotionally unstable, and his illness was becoming more frequent lately. 
He suddenly wanted to tell her, don’t come over… noveldrama
He wanted to leave immediately, his sickness was impending, one moment he wanted to pour his heart out to her, the next moment he wanted to withdraw from the crowd. 
But Ye Junqing gritted his teeth and continued to sing with all his might: 
“Never wished to be single 
“Never wished to forego marriage 
“I’ve found that 
“Fate is a gentle song 
“I want to hold your hand and journey across life affair together 
oh…baby… 
I want to… 
Hold your hand and journey across life affair together…” 
This song, the melody was composed by her. Xia Yanyan’s fans were extremely harsh in criticizing her composition. Knowing Xia Yanyan’s status in the music industry, even if Elder Gu wanted to promote this song, it would probably be difficult. 
However, in Ye Junqing’s mind, he remembered Little Fish Tail’s arrogant words to Xia Yanyan in the hospital room. 
“Xia Yanyan, remember, from now on, I’ll make you understand clearly what she has that is no match for you!” 
Since she wanted to compete with Xia Yanyan, he would help her out; 
If it was difficult for her to make her mark, he would build momentum for her! 
She composed the melody, he wrote the lyrics, he had even thought of the song’s name: “You Are My Starry Night.” 
With him performing it personally and so many friends supporting it, it would be an injustice if this song did not top the charts! 
When the last note fell, Ye Xingguang happened to walk up to him. 
Ye Junqing was sitting in the chair, looking at the bewildered girl in front of him, he had a lot to say to her, but the discomfort he was feeling was a dangerous signal, he had to end the birthday party as soon as possible. 
The purpose of the night was to thank her for the birthday gift she had prepared for him. He wanted to give her a surprise and make her song popular. 
As for her not being able to understand his confession in the lyrics, he didn’t mind. 
Ye Junqing took her hand, “Would you like to cut the cake with me?” 
She had never cut a cake with him on his birthday. Every time it was a lively event with his friends, she would quietly exit from the bustling crowd. Even such a simple wish as cutting a cake together, to him, was an impossible luxury.
###Chapter 158: My wife, of course, takes my last name!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, wanting to say how charming the lyrics sounded with this melody, a radical departure from the original essence of the song, giving it a unique appeal. 
She wanted to ask who wrote the lyrics, but someone had already rolled over a huge cake. Ye Xingguang suppressed her curiosity, nodding her head, “Alright, since it’s your birthday today, I’ll join you in cutting the cake.” 
Now, the bodyguards were no longer stopping the playful girls, and many of them ran onto the mirrored carpet to play. 
Under everyone’s movement, starlights flickered all over the floor. 
Spectacular… 
In this spectacular world, Ye Xingguang held the knife with Ye Junqing, cutting the first symbolic slice of the cake. 
“Junqing, what was the name of the song you were singing just now? It was great! I’ve never heard it before. I want to search for the original singer,” a guest asked. 
Ye Junqing had been waiting for this question. He suppressed his discomfort and turned up the corners of his mouth into a smile, “Don’t you all want to know who the girl at my side is? Recently, a song became popular online. I just wrote lyrics for it based on her name. The song is called ‘You’re My One-night Starlight’.” 
After saying this, he reached out to pull Ye Xingguang, who was distributing the cake to the guests, into his embrace. 
He then said, “The last three words of the song’s title are her name—my assigned partner, Ye Xingguang.” 
“What? This brilliant dancer, is the person assigned to you by the government, the Carp Girl?” 
“Ye Xingguang? What a beautiful name. The Carp Girl shares the same surname with you, ‘Ye’. That’s quite a coincidence. You guys aren’t from the same clan within three generations, are you?” 
Ye Junqing just smiled and remained silent. Of course, his wife would share his surname! 
Ye Xingguang also found her own name beautiful. It was the young man who saved her who gave her this name. 
She still remembered the young man asking her, what’s your name. 
She had said, “My name is Xia Qiongqiong.” 
He said, “Qiongqiong, alone and helpless, your name sounds unfortunate. How about I give you a new one?” 
At that time, they were both floating on the sea surface. He looked up at the star-filled sky and said, “How about ‘Ye Xingguang’? From now on, you will be the most beautiful one-night starlight amongst the stars and the sea.” 
However, she never expected that the surname the young man casually gave her happened to be the same as Ye Junqing’s. Ye Xingguang pouted her lips. 
One of the girls who paid close attention to online trends exclaimed excitedly: “The most popular song online recently? No wonder it sounded familiar. I’ve got it, wasn’t it the one heavily criticized by the Xia fans and praised by Old Mr. Gu? I thought it sounded familiar. The online reviews said that this song was subpar and couldn’t compare with Xia Yanyan’s new single. But to me, it was deeply moving and really nice to hear! Can I post this song on Weibo? I just recorded a video.” 
Ye Xingguang paced a particularly enticing piece of cake in front of the girl, giving thumbs up: “That’s the one. The songwriter is my friend Xia Qiongqiong, and the lyricist…is Ye Junqing. Please feel free to post it if you like it, and thank you for helping my friend gain more publicity.” noveldrama
Ha, those Xia fans claimed this song was unbearably awful, right? Ye sang it himself. She would like to see, once the video was posted, whether the netizens would share the same sentiment with the Xia fans and find it horribly unpleasant!
###Chapter 159: If a man’s words could be trusted…_1 
Translator: 549690339 
The girl readily agreed, “No problem, but I didn’t capture your face, I was only filming Lord Qing. If anyone has a video of the carp girl’s face, please send it to me. I’ll post this song on Weibo, I have a big V account.” 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t be more relieved, “No need, no need, no need to have my face filmed. I really don’t want to draw attention to myself, afraid it might affect my daily life and work, thank you.” 
The girl mischievously laughed, “Understood, then I’m really going to post it. I think this song is truly too good to be so demeaned by summer fans. Moreover, your name is in the song title, Lord Qing is good at picking names, is this his covert love confession, suggesting that you are his ‘Night Starlight’?” 
Ye Xingguang’s cheeks turned red, could it be…not really, right? 
It’s just that her name happens to be Ye Xingguang, isn’t it? 
With a wink at her, the girl didn’t continue with the intimate topic. After she posted on Weibo, she encouraged the girls around her to like and re-share it, and a lot of the girls, who were having fun on the mirrored carpet, pulled out their phones. 
Must upvote! 
They also think the song is good!Even better with the lyrics! 
No wonder the music industry titan, old Mr. Gu, likes it! 
Once all the cakes had been distributed, Ye Xingguang sat there eating cake-wise, pondering the girl’s words. Could it be that Ye Junqing was really trying to express something through the song title? noveldrama
Was it her again, unrequitedly reading too much into things? 
She couldn’t help but look around the living room for Ye Junqing’s figure. 
Ye Junqing, who was surrounded by a few men and didn’t know what they were discussing, suddenly laughed and walked toward her with big strides. 
The towering silhouette suddenly approached, and before Ye Xingguang could react to what he wanted to do, she was suddenly lifted in the air. 
Ye Xingguang was startled, and the man gave her a princess hug, and she almost dropped her cake, “What’s up?” 
Without answering, Ye Junqing just gave those few men a casual glance. They immediately started to holler. 
Ignoring them, under all eyes, he directly made a remark, “You guys keep playing, and I want to spend the rest of the time alone with the girl assigned to me by the state. I won’t be sending any guests later.” 
The men suddenly burst into hearty laughter, “Go, go, we won’t hold up your alone time.” 
All of a sudden, Ye Xingguang’s face turned red, and she didn’t know where to hide, “Ye Junqing, you!” 
She tried to jump off him, but Ye Junqing didn’t give her the chance, he forcefully held her and said goodbye to the guests, directly heading upstairs. 
“What are you doing…” 
Ye Xingguang was panicking to the point that she didn’t know what to do. Her mind was a mess, seeing the man kick open the bedroom door and bring her in. Her heart was upended. 
“Hey, Ye Junqing, don’t act rashly, or I won’t be polite with you…” 
“And how might you not be polite with me?” Ye Junqing was already feeling more and more uncomfortable at this point. But seeing her blush so hard, he suddenly didn’t want to let go, even if he felt miserable, he enjoyed it and decided to hold on. 
“You…” Ye Xingguang became even more flustered, “Don’t forget, you told me to stay away from you every time I see you, don’t forget, you said it was just out of necessity, we are supposed to go our separate ways after a year!” 
Ye Junqing regretted his impulsive words back then and raised his eyebrow, gave her a glance, “Didn’t you hear the saying, ‘If men’s words can be trusted, then pigs can climb trees’?”
###Chapter 160: The Birthday Gift I Want Most, is You_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang: 
She had never dreamed that a man like Ye Junqing, could be just as shameless as every other man in the world. 
Realizing she was placed on a single couch, her heart, which had lodged itself in her throat, relaxed a bit. But just as she was about to stand up, the man’s towering body loomed over her. Ye Junqing supported himself with his hands on the armrests of the sofa, imposing and authoritarian. 
Ye Xingguang’s heart leapt in her chest, unsure of his intentions, fearing his impulsiveness. 
Ye Junqing stared at her panicked eyes, filled with regret. He originally wanted to introduce her in a grand manner tonight, but because he felt unwell, everything ended hastily. He felt deeply apologetic, but he really longed for her response. 
Like the lyrics he wrote, if he could start over, it would be the love he most wished she could give him. He couldn’t possibly not hope for reconciliation. 
He deliberately had mirrors spread on the floor, not to create romance, but to expect her to step on the starlight and enter his world, to give him a chance of reconciliation. 
What he wanted to warm, was his own heart. 
“You… you calm down a bit, have you had too much to drink, alcohol affecting your judgment?” Ye Xingguang suddenly found herself peering into his deep-set eyes, which seemed to contain an entire galaxy. Just a glimpse stirred her heart. 
She should have continued to stay angry. He had extinguished the dreams of her youth, a score she hadn’t settled with him yet. But at this moment, her thoughts couldn’t stretch that far. As he continued to advance, her heartbeat quickened. 
So nervous, she shut her eyes and said aloud, “Don’t get any ideas, I’m not just any woman!” 
Ye Junqing smiled, his hand landing on her head, gently rubbing it twice as if to say, I know. 
Under the false belief that the quickest way to a woman’s heart was through her body, he had once made a terrible mistake. He won’t make the same mistake twice. noveldrama
Wanting to tease her, he watched with delight as her face flushed and her heart pounded in panic. Whispering softly by her ear he said, “What a pity, you can’t escape tonight. I’m giving you ten seconds to prepare. Tonight, I want you as my birthday gift. Who told you not to prepare a birthday gift for me? Everyone else had, and you’re the only one who didn’t…” 
The voice was deep and magnetic, brimming with an authoritarian tone. It seemed as though her disagreement was irrelevant, his territory, his power. 
Ye Xingguang quickly responded: “I did prepare a birthday gift for you, it’s in my bedroom. Step aside, and I’ll go get it right away!” 
“Really?” Ye Junqing’s voice was dangerous yet expectant. 
“Of course, step aside.” Ye Xingguang opened her eyes and pushed him. 
Ye Junqing did not move, his deep eyes focused on her: “But the birthday gift I want the most is you.” 
As he spoke those words, his heart tightened. 
He was testing her, baiting her as a bad boy, wishing to know if she had any feelings for him, even though he knew it was impossible. 
Ye Xingguang shuddered inwardly. Looking up, she saw a picture on the ceiling. It depicted a mermaid sitting by the sea, looking at a sky filled with stars. For a brief moment, she had an unrealistic fantasy that she was the mermaid, and the sky full of stars was also hers… 
But how could that be?
###Chapter 161: Why Can’t You Take a Hit?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Their intersections began with her lottery drawing his name at the Bureau of Civil Affairs, and he must have designed the starlit ceiling in his bedroom long ago… 
Phew, keep it together, Ye Xingguang told herself not to overthink. Otherwise, her face would be slapped till it rang with pain. She had been slapped in the face before… 
Having said that, Ye Xingguang mustered all her strength, pushed him away, then jumped up: “I’m going to my room to get your birthday present.” 
Watching her flee with wild abandon, Ye Jun raised a bitter smile in his heart. Indeed, it wouldn’t do. 
He discarded his bad boy image, and when she left the bedroom, he immediately walked towards the balcony, intending to leave the villa. 
There were too many people in the villa, the friends he had invited over. He couldn’t possibly tell everyone, “I’m sorry, I’m falling sick. You all should get as far away as possible.” So, he could only choose to leave on his own. noveldrama
He had brought her upstairs just as an excuse, to conveniently no longer entertain guests later. 
Ye Jun was considering descending along the wall pipe and only realized standing at the edge of the balcony that to prevent the fish-tail plant from climbing up, he had ordered his bodyguards to dismantle all the climbing pipes. 
Ye Jun stood on the balcony, considering jumping off.Y0u can read sh0rt, t0uching, and r0mantic st0ries ab0ut c0uples, as well as children’s st0ries f0r free 0n sitest0rys(.)c0m 
Ye Xingguang came back with the birthday present, just in time to see Ye Jun on the railing of the balcony, looking like he was about to jump off. 
She was so frightened that she promptly dropped the birthday present, ran over to grab his arm, and yelled, “Ye Jun, are you mad? Just because I don’t want to give it to you, you’re thinking about jumping off the balcony?” 
Hearing her words, the corner of Ye Jun’s eyes twitched severely: “…” 
“Come down, aren’t you capable of withstanding such setbacks?” 
Mad, just mad. If she had been too late, she couldn’t even dare to think how the headline reporters would write about it tomorrow? 
“Shut up!” 
Ye Jun’s forehead’s veins were pulsating, even with a good temper, hearing her words would make anyone annoyed: “I have something to do, I need to leave for a while, and you can’t tell anyone, got it?” 
He needed to leave by jumping off the balcony? Ye Xingguang didn’t believe it at all. 
She forcibly pulled the man standing on the balcony railing down, and when she grabbed his arm, she realized that his arm was a bit cold. The light in the living room was dim, so she hadn’t noticed his face, but the balcony light was on, and she noticed there was something off about his face. 
Ye Xingguang boldly guessed, “You… you’re not having a relapse, are you?” 
Ye Jun ignored her, forcibly pulling her hand away. 
Ye Xingguang was quick to hug his arm tightly: “Are you really ill again? What’s wrong with your illness? Don’t leave, I can control your illness, don’t jump off the building, and you don’t need to suck human blood, the drink I gave you last time was not blood.” 
“Let go!” Ye Jun was repulsed by her at the moment, finding her a bit annoying. 
He regretted not locking the bedroom door behind him when she left earlier. 
“No let go! Why should I always listen to you?” 
Ye Xingguang dragged him back into the bedroom, then locked the balcony door, “Wait here for me, and I’ll be back soon… no, I’m afraid you might jump off the building again, so I’ll make a call, and ask the servant to bring up a bowl of hot water. I can help you suppress your illness temporarily, trust me!” 
Ye Jun moved her behind the balcony door with a swift move, propped his hand on the side of her face, and growled, “Since you won’t let me go, let’s do something I want to do.”
###Chapter 162: Have you fallen in love with me? Caring so much about my well-being? _i 
Translator: 549690339 
“What’s the matter with you? And at a time like this!” Ye Xingguang glared at him, then reached into her pocket to fetch her cell and call the butler. 
Ye Junqing did not stop her from making the call, his deep gaze fell on her delicate face, clearly enjoying her concern at this moment. 
What if each bout of illness bought her concern? Who cares if he was sick every single day? 
After dialing the number, Ye Xingguang pulled Ye Junqing to sit down on the single seater sofa. If the man made any move, she would promptly extend her hand, point at his nose, and warn, “I’m telling you, if you try anything unseemly again, you won’t need to jump off the building, I’ll push you off myself.” 
Ye Junqing smiled, his long legs sprawled, lazily sitting on the single seater, watching her, “Have you fallen for me, why are you so concerned about my fate?” 
“What nonsense! This is nothing more than humanitarian spirit!” Ye Xingguang uncomfortably swept back her fringed hair, her tone lacked conviction, but she forcefully retorted, “We haven’t settled our scores yet. Once you are better we will!” 
Soon, the butler brought up a cup of hot water himself, standing at the door knocking. 
Ye Xingguang opened the door and said, “Give it to me. And don’t allow anyone to come up unless I call.” 
The new butler nodded and retreated. 
Ye Xingguang brought the cup of hot water to Ye Junqing, saying, “Look closely, this is water, not blood! Here, take it!” 
Had this man not been so adamant about not drinking blood, she really didn’t want him to see her preparing the medicine. 
When Ye Junqing took the hot water from her hand, Ye Xingguang immediately took off a blood-red bead hanging from her neck, washing it in the bathroom before placing the bead straight into the hot water held by Ye Junqing. 
She said: “Wait for five minutes.” 
“What’s this?” Ye Junqing squinted, uncertain of her intentions. 
Ye Xingguang said: “This is a medicinal bead. Although it might not help with other ailments, it can effectively suppress your blood-drinking urges. How did you get this illness?” 
Ye Xingguang was truly curious. 
“Nothing, just an accident.” Ye Junqing did not want to talk about it, nor did he want her to know the cause of his illness, he will never let her know in his lifetime! 
As they needed to wait for five minutes, Ye Xingguang, not wanting to sit idle, initiated a conversation with the cold man: “How long have you had this illness?” 
“Ten years.” 
“In ten years have you not drunk any blood?” 
His bodyguard had said, because of his reluctance to drink blood, he had shut himself away, even locked himself in. If that’s true, then how much willpower did it need? 
Ye Junqing, brow furrowed, eyes squinting at the cup in his hand. The transparent hot water was now gradually turning red. 
A faint scent of blood, accompanied by the rising heat of the water, entered his nose. 
He frowned, “Are you sure this isn’t the smell of blood?” 
“There is a seaweed in the ocean that has a smell extremely similar to blood. This bead was grown amidst such seaweed and has thus taken on the smell. Although it smells like blood, it is by no means the smell of blood. I wouldn’t harm you, nor would I go against your wishes and deceive you into drinking blood, believe me.” 
Ye Junqing was skeptical. noveldrama
Five minutes later, the smell of blood was getting stronger, the overpowering scent caused the handsome and arrogant man to furrow his brow. 
Ye Xingguang fetched a pair of chopsticks and fished the bead out of the cup, then she said to Ye Junqing, “Drink up, while it’s hot. After drinking it, your craving for blood will be temporarily suppressed.”
###Chapter 163: Letting You Go For The Last Time! _1 noveldrama
Translator: 549690339 
Smelling the pronounced aroma of blood, Ye Junqing did not want to drink the potion and directly stuffed the cup into her hands, stating firmly, “Feed me.” 
My god. 
Ye Junqing noticed her look of dissatisfaction and bluntly retorted, “Or I won’t drink.” 
Why should I care? It’s not me who’s suffering! 
Looking at Ye Junqing’s pale face, reminiscent of a vampire, Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth, thinking, very well, I’ll indulge you this last time! 
She held the cup to the man’s mouth, put on a patient expression like coaxing a child, and said: “C’mon kiddo, open your mouth. If you don’t take your medicine, you’ll be spanked, ah…” 
Veins on Ye Junqing’s forehead throbbed noticeably. This woman, how dare she treat him like a toddler! 
But despite holding his breath against the strong stench of blood, Ye Junqing opened his mouth and downed the potion all at once. 
She changed her demeanor immediately when he finished the drink. With a thud, she placed the empty cup onto the side table, picked up the birthday gift from the floor, and tossed it into his arms, “Here! That was your birthday gift, delivered! Goodnight, exit straight ahead. I won’t see you out!” 
Ye Junqing raised an eyebrow, regretting drinking the potion. Before he had drunk it, she had treated him like someone she needed to be concerned about. But now, her face was as unpredictable as a summer day, changing at whim. He was displeased, but he reminded her, “This is my room.” 
Ye Xingguang began walking out the door. 
He grabbed her wrist and pulled gently, causing her to fall onto him uncontrollably. 
In the next moment, his arms are around her, holding her in his embrace. 
“What are you…” 
“No funny business. That was it for birthday gifts?” 
“What do you mean ‘was that it’, how many gifts do you want?” 
He had seen her come home with many gifts. What was she hiding at this time? 
Just as he was about to question her, her phone rings with a WeChat video call alert in her pocket. 
“Dad.” Ye Xingguang immediately answered the call. 
“My precious daughter… let me talk to my daughter… step aside, let me see Ye Xingguang… Out of the way, out of the way. It’s been so long since I’ve laid eyes on little Ye Xingguang… Xingguang, your aunt received your gift…” 
Several heads appear on the other end of the call, all crowding the screen as their voices interweaved with each other. 
A warmth enveloped Ye Xingguang’s heart and she spoke in a sweet voice, “Mom, Grandma, Uncle Li, Grandpa Zhuo, Aunt Ye… I see you all, did you receive my gifts?” 
From the other end, her mother dominated the screen, “Yes, yes, why are you buying so much stuff when living in the capital is costly enough. What’s this about spoiling money?” 
Ye Xingguang laughed, “Mom, these are presents I bought with my first paycheck. Of course, my first salary must be spent on the most important people. To me, you all are the most important.” 
“Little Ye Xingguang, you spent all your first salary on gifts. Aren’t you going to be short on money? If you are, Uncle Li will transfer some over to you…” 
“Don’t worry, more than enough. My first paycheck was six thousand. Giving presents to you, Mom, Grandma, Uncle Li, Grandpa Zhuo, and Aunt Ye is exactly six thousand. Not a penny more, not a penny less. I accounted for every bit.” 
Ye Junqing was unwrapping his gift. When he opened the box, he found a luxurious watch inside. It looked expensively exquisite. How was she able to afford this with her first salary of six thousand?
###Chapter 164: Do This Medicine Have Any Side Effects?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Ah! Ah! Little Star, who’s the lad behind you? Is he the one assigned to you by the government, that Ye fellow?” 
“Where? Where? Let me see….” 
“Let me see… Move aside, let me see…” 
Ye Xingguang moved the camera, displaying Ye Junqing’s handsome face on the video, then asked: “What do you think? Isn’t he handsome?” 
Several times her father called asking if her government-assigned partner was bullying her. She always assured her parents they were as close as glue. Now it’s good to show her dad the video to ease his mind. 
Who would have thought, her normally gentle and refined father, now had a stern expression on his face, serious in the video, “Young man, my daughter is delicate and weak, so feeble she can’t even kill an ant, you must not bully her, understand!” 
Ye Xingguang, who had just showcased her prowess in the afternoon by knocking down all of the Xia’s Family bodyguards, was left speechless: 
Before Ye Junqing could speak, her mother’s gentle voice came through the video: “Future son-in-law, my daughter can grace any hall and cook up a storm in the kitchen… her cooking is delicious…” 
Ye Junqing, who had to eat Xingguang’s poorly cooked steak, said nothing: 
“Young man, our village’s Little Star can do everything, except swimming. You can’t take her near any dangerous bodies of water. Even on rainy days, avoid the ponds, she could drown in a small ditch…” 
Ye Xingguang nodded enthusiastically while sitting in Ye Junqing’s lap. 
While others wanted to chat, Ye Junqing waited patiently for them to finish and then respectfully addressed them through the screen. 
“Dad, Mom, Grandma Shen, Uncle Li, Grandpa Zhuo, Aunt Ye, don’t worry, I will take good care of her.” 
Ye Xingguang was a little surprised. Ye Junqing was actually a nice guy, he knew to cooperate with her. It seemed the drug she gave him was not in vain. 
Fearing to give herself away, Ye Xingguang quickly moved the camera back to her face and continued the video chat: “Mom, Dad, did you hear that? I am doing very well here, don’t worry about me…” 
During the video call, Ye Junqing took off the brand-name watch he was wearing and put on the new one she had bought him. He held her silently, watching her chat happily with her relatives. Her smile made him cherish her even more, making him unable to look away. noveldrama
He hoped, in the future, she could always sit happily in his arms, laughing and chatting with her family… 
Ye Xingguang chatted for a good quarter of an hour, and he held her in his arms for that entire time, unable to let go. 
He wasn’t sure if it was her medicine, but the thirst for blood truly was subsiding. However… 
By the time Ye Xingguang ended the video call, Ye Junqing’s eyebrows were furrowed: “Does this medicine have any side effects?” 
“Nope, why do you ask?” Ye Xingguang put away her phone, pried open his arms, and stood up. 
“Are you certain it doesn’t?” Ye Junqing’s tone was not pleasant. 
Ye Xingguang shook her head. 
“Has anyone else taken the medication and said they had no side effects?” Why did he have a feeling that it did have side effects? 
Ye Xingguang bit her thumb and pondered for a while: “You’re the first one. I just know it can curb thirst for blood. I’ve seen others use it before. But someone mentioned something, let me think… They said, the person who takes the drug, while it can suppress the thirst for blood, it can also kindle the spark of love. It shouldn’t be given away carelessly if the recipient is not a spouse. I didn’t understand what it was all about then and I didn’t pay much attention. It shouldn’t be a big problem, right?”
###Chapter 165: All I Think About is You_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqing’s face instantly turned as black as the bottom of a pan! 
Had he been tricked by her or had he been tricked by her? 
He was just thinking to himself earlier, failure is the mother of success! 
Looking at her attitude just now, she surely couldn’t have considered giving herself to him as a birthday gift! 
Ye Xingguang guiltily sneaked a glance at him: “Well…do you…feel any side effects, any discomfort?” 
Ye Junqing gritted his teeth, didn’t want to tell her that the discomfort had gone from one extreme to another, feeling both hot and cold, his voice hardened: “Exactly, it’s uncomfortable!” 
“How uncomfortable?” 
What did that phrase mean about igniting the spark of love, was Ye Xingguang afraid that she might misunderstand? 
Ye Junqing threw her a response: “What do you think igniting the spark of love means?” 
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat: “How would I know? I didn’t drink the potion! Why don’t you try to vomit the medicine out? If you throw it up now, you should still be on time, right? I won’t stop you from jumping off the building! Seriously, go ahead without worry.” 
Ye Junqing: noveldrama
Instead of giving herself to him as a gift, she’d rather see him jump off a building? 
Damn little mermaid! 
Ye Junqing suppressed his heartache and frustration, his deep, seductive voice spoke softly, “I don’t know what the side effects are, only that I really want to hear you say sweet things to me, a very strong desire, what kind of rubbish is this medicine, what kind of rubbish side effects?” 
Ye Xingguang breathed a sigh of relief: “Just wanting to hear sweet words?” 
“And wanting to hold you tight.” 
Ye Xingguang’s partially relaxed heart immediately tensed up again: “!!!” 
“Can’t get you out of my head.” 
Ye Xingguang had the sudden urge to run. 
“Want to hear you call me Ah Qing.” 
Well…this might be acceptable, Ye Xingguang was considering it in her heart. 
“I can’t stop thinking about expressing love to you, Ye Xingguang, did you take advantage of my ailment to cast a love spell on me?” Ye Junqing’s voice was filled with extreme frustration, jealousy, impatience and deep resentment. He glared at her: “I never thought you were that kind of person!” 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!” 
Ye Xingguang raised her hand and swore: “I really forgot about that side effect. I heard about it when I was little, how would I remember all of that? I honestly had no intention of casting a love spell on you, so what do we do now?” 
Ye Junqing, looking “weak” and leaning against the sofa, opened his mouth in a “ferocious” manner: “What can we do? You’ve ruined me. Try saying some sweet words to see if it will alleviate it. If it doesn’t, you’ll have to try something else!” 
“What?” Sweet words, has he gone mad? 
All she could think about right now was escaping, who could come up with sweet words? 
“If you can’t think of anything, just call me Ah Qing a few more times. I really want to hear you call me Ah Qing, this damned side effect!” Ye Junqing appeared to be unimpressed, yet affected by the side effect, he didn’t want but desired to hear it. 
Seeing her not responding, Ye Junqing squinted his eyes dangerously, “Speak up, you’ve ruined me! How badly I want to hear you call me Ah Qing, I’m really cursed!” 
Ye Xingguang was doubtful: “Are you messing with me?” 
“Do you think I have the leisure for that? Look at my face!” Even without a mirror, Ye Junqing could feel his own face must be looking excellent! 
Indeed it looked splendid, as if he had put on blush, Ye Xingguang shielded her eyes and hesitantly said: “Ah…Ah Qing?” 
Ye Junqing glanced at her out of the corner of his dark eyes: “Could you call me with a bit of emotion! Are you a robot? Or a stuttering robot? Such a stiff call, how is it going to cure the side effect of me being engulfed in flame?”
###Chapter 166: Little Fish Tail, Are You Sure It’s Not On Purpose? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang tightly gripped her hair, glaring at him: “If you’re just messing with me, you’re done for!” 
Ye Junqing squinted his eyes, beckoning her over with a jerk of his finger. 
“What do you want?” 
“Give me your hand. Show you whether I am messing with you or not.” 
Being asked so, Ye Xingguang genuinely extended her hand. Intense heat transferred from the palm of his hand to hers, leading her to almost drop his hand in surprise, and exclaim, “Why is your hand so hot? Do you have a fever?” noveldrama
Having said that, Ye Xingguang raised her other hand, pressed it on Ye Junqing’s forehead and whistled in response to his high temperature. 
Ye Junqing didn’t respond to her. Grabbing her hand, he pressed it against his chest and coldly said, “Listen for yourself, how fast my heart is beating. Still refusing to admit that you seduced me into drinking the potion of love when I was sick? Do you still think I am in a mood to play with you?” 
Thump – thump – thump – 
Ye Junqing’s heart was as loud as thunder, and his body felt like it was on fire. What was going on? 
Ye Xingguang closed her eyes, trying hard to remember some things from her childhood… 
At that time, Bai Xiao and Ye Junqing were in a similar situation. Whenever they couldn’t resist the urge to drink blood but didn’t want to let their desires control them, Yen’an would use her beads to brew them a hot drink. Those two, who would begin a quarrel at first sight, would always cuddle after drinking the potion. Could it be that the bead stirred the sparks of love? 
Ye Xingguang was not sure. As she looked at Ye Junqing, she felt guilty. How could he still think of her? 
This was too embarrassing. 
If she had known about these side effects, she would’ve definitely not given him the medicine. 
What should she do now? 
Ye Xingguang, feeling guilty, gathered emotions within her and gently called out: “A Qing…” 
With only two words, it felt like an electric current, directly hitting Ye Junqing’s fragile willpower. 
At that moment, Ye Junqing realized that resisting her allure was much harder than resisting the urge to drink blood. It was deadly… 
“How do you feel?” Ye Xingguang asked. 
Hiding the discomfort in his body, Ye Junqing took a deep breath: “It seems, like, a tiny bit effective. Continue. Please be more emotional.” 
Ye Xingguang blushed, “A…Qing…” 
“Go on.” 
Even the roots of Ye Xingguang’s ears turned red. Just saying these two words made her more and more anxious: “A… Qing…” 
“Look into my eyes and continue.” 
Ye Xingguang reached out and straightened her fringe, then she shared a gaze with Ye Junqing. With just one look, her heartbeat pounded like thunder, her voice trembled: “A …Qing…” 
The volume of her voice was neither high nor low, but her soft whisper almost made Ye Junqing lost control. He barely managed to stand up, “I am going to the bathroom. You go back to the room first. I do not know how long the side effects will last…” 
Should he continue listening, he would go crazy. 
This woman was like a siren to him, bewitching him with just two words. 
At his words, Ye Xingguang sighed in relief and ran off. Before she had even reached her bedroom door, she heard Ye Junqing say, “The side-effects might last three to five days. Think about what sweet words to say to me tomorrow morning. The words ‘A … Qing’ are far from enough…” 
Ye Xingguang stumbled. Could the side effects be that severe? For so long? 
After setting this difficult task, Ye Junqing immediately rushed into the bathroom, turned on the cold water and took a cold shower. 
But damn it, the cold shower didn’t seem to suppress those effects. Was it intentional, Little Fish tail? 
Remembering the mantra – failure is the mother of success – he didn’t want to mess up again, he wished…
###Chapter 167: Reality is a Relentless Knife!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
The next day, early morning. 
“Ahchoo” 
“Ahchoo” 
“Ahchoo” 
Ye Xingguang got up and walked downstairs to find the sound of incessant sneezes coming from the dining room. 
Tang Zhou’s voice was particularly loud, “Brother Qing, are you with a cold? Damn, why is your forehead so hot, do you have a fever?” 
“It’s not a big deal.” Ye Junqing waved his hand, feeling dizzy. He couldn’t tell if it was side effects from yesterday’s incident or a fever. 
Fu Zhuo immediately rushed over, put his hand on Ye Junqing’s forehead, and the alarm bells started ringing, “I’m calling the family doctor now. How did you manage to get yourself sick when you’ve always been as resilient as Iron Man?” 
Taking thirty showers, doing nothing but fussing the whole night, he was, after all, human and could only endure so much. noveldrama
Ye Junqing did not respond, he sat listlessly at the head of the dining table, wearing a white shirt, his left sleeve rolled up high. He couldn’t wait to show off his new watch. His gaze fell on it from time to time, only his birthday gift from Xiaoyuwei could comfort him right now. 
“Brother Qing, you’ve changed your watch, where’s your million-dollar name-brand one? This watch seems to be really cheap. This brand only costs tens of thousands at most. Doesn’t it feel beneath you?” Ji Qishu found out, but he completely disregarded the value of the watch! 
As soon as he said this, he could feel the chill in the air. 
Ye Junqing squinted his eyes dangerously, if he couldn’t say anything nice, he should keep quiet. The watch was a gift from Xiaoyuwei, even if it only cost ten bucks, it was still his priceless treasure. More importantly, it was bought with her first paycheck, which made its meaning even more unique. 
Fu Zhuo having a moment of enlightenment, bold guessed: “Master Qing, was this watch a gift from Miss Ye?” 
Ye Junqing’s expression softened slightly, even though his voice was unpleased, “She bought it with her first month’s salary, unnecessary expenditure, a waste of money. It’s not like I’m lacking a watch.” 
Ji Qishu was surprised, “First month’s salary, impossible right? Little Xingguang, an intern, only earns six thousand in her first month. How could she afford this watch? She didn’t steal it, did she?” 
Ye Xingguang walked in from outside just in time to hear Ji Qishu’s words, immediately rebutting, “Who stole it? Mr. Fu had given me a shopping card.” 
Fu Zhuo desperately tried to signal Ye Xingguang, who unfortunately went on to say, “It’s true. Mr. Fu, testify for me. Didn’t you say that during the official matching period, I must prepare a birthday gift for Ye Junqing, so you gave me a shopping card and told me to buy him a gift from the duty-free shop?” 
Fu Zhuo covered his face with his hand. Was Miss Ye silly? Such things were better kept to oneself, why blurt them out? 
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing shot Fu Zhuo a cold glare. This was not how he’d put it! 
Fu Zhuo: ” My apologies, Master Qing. 
Ye Junqing’s good mood vanished in an instant. His gaze landed back on Ye Xingguang’s face, a faint sense of disappointment apparent in his eyes. His voice was cold and firm, “Why didn’t you use your first-month salary to buy it?” 
He had not forgotten her words about using the first paycheck to buy a gift for the most important person. Only by receiving the gift she bought with her first paycheck could he prove his importance to her. 
“My monthly salary is low, I can’t afford anything too expensive. How are you feeling now?” 
How he was feeling was secondary, his mood had plummeted. She had spent all of her first paycheck of six thousand, but not a single cent was spent on him! 
Last night, he had endured everything, took thirty showers, just for the sake of his birthday gift! 
But in the end… 
Reality is a cruel knife!
###Chapter 168: Has this man really fallen under her love spell?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqing suddenly lost his appetite and glared at her fiercely. After a moment’s hesitation, he said with a stern face, “Prepare another gift for me, bought with your first month’s salary.” 
Ye Xingguang was utterly confused: “My first month’s salary hasn’t been paid yet, I already spent it all in advance to give to my dad, my mom, and Grandpa Shen… You heard it last night, where do I get the money to buy you another gift?” 
Not yet paid? So there was still hope? 
Ye Junqing shot Ji Qishu a deep look: “Her first month’s salary is only six thousand?” 
Ji Qishu didn’t react in time, intending to say, how much salary does an intern expect, but Fu Zhuo gave him a meaningful look and pointed to his mobile phone. He sent him a WeChat message saying, “Increase her salary quickly.” 
Ji Qishu: “Why?” 
“Bro, trust me, I’ve just had an awakening.” 
Ji Qishu somewhat understood, and he snapped his fingers, “How could it only be six thousand? Six thousand is just the base salary, there’s also the performance pay from interviews, and the semi-annual bonus. It should come up to forty or fifty thousand.” 
“Semi-annual bonus?” Ye Xingguang looked clueless: “I haven’t even worked for a month, how do I qualify for a semi-annual bonus?” 
Ji Qishu blatantly lied: “KOCO has a new policy this year. They’ll give out the semi-annual bonus in July. This money is even available to new interns. Didn’t your department head tell you? I remember you did several interviews with big shots this month. All of these come with performance pay. Ye Xingguang, why do you only know to bury yourself in work without knowing anything else?” 
He was the boss of KOCO. Who else would make up tales if not him? 
Ye Xingguang was in confusion: “I’ve never heard of this.” 
Fu Zhuo said: “Miss Ye, there’s something you don’t know. Qishu is the CEO of KOCO. If he said it exists, then it surely exists.” 
Ye Xingguang knew that Ji Qishu was the KOCO CEO, it was written on the company profile. 
Ye Xingguang suddenly got excited: “Really? Decades of thousands? And I’ve got the semi-annual bonus in my first month? Is my luck this good?” 
Ji Qishu said: “If it wasn’t for bad luck, could you have met Junqing? I remember that pay day is today. Miss Xingguang, after receiving your salary today, you’ll have a half-day off, and you can go buy Junqing another birthday gift.” 
“Why? I’ve already bought a gift.” 
She didn’t want to buy it. Why waste that money? 
Hearing her, Ye Junqing’s eyes narrowed dangerously as he scrutinized her: “I’d like to ask you too. Why? Why do I suddenly fancy the gift bought with your first pay? Ye Xingguang, what exactly have you done to make me behave so strangely?” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Has the side effect not worn off yet? 
Has this man really fallen under her love spell? 
Ye Xingguang was so guilty that she dared not meet Ye Junqing’s gaze. 
“Well…then I’ll buy it.” noveldrama
Only then did Ye Junqing’s expression ease a bit, his eyes flickering, deep in thought, “Apart from the six thousand you’ve advanced, the rest of your salary, not a penny less, must be spent entirely on me!” 
“Aren’t you being too excessive?” 
Ye Junqing rubbed his temple, looking as if he himself couldn’t stand his unreasonable behavior, “I also want to know, why does the thought of the remaining money not being entirely spent on me, give me headaches?” 
Having said that, he got up and left, and as he was about to walk out of the dining hall, he suddenly looked back and threw out one last comment: “Every hour today, you must send me a message. You know what to send!” 
[Author’s note: Crafty BOY is a huge troublemaker: Don’t overthink, all are side effects, karma~~~Vote for me a few more times, it might get better]
###Chapter 169: Can you bear to suffer a bit and fall into my hands?_1 
Translator: 549690339 noveldrama
What does she know about this? Was this man asking her to send him a love message every hour? 
She was somewhat skeptical about the love spell, but would Ye Junqing, in his right mind, actually do such a thing? 
Even a cursory thought revealed it was impossible! 
He must have been truly consumed by the sparks of love! 
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt a bit sorry for him. Once the effects wear off, wouldn’t he regret his actions today down to his guts? 
Just picturing that scenario, Ye Xingguang could hardly resist howling at the sky. 
Feeling guilty, she pulled out her phone an hour later and sent him a message: “Are you okay?” 
His response was almost immediate. Ye Junqing: “What do you think?” 
Ye Xingguang replied: “I’m so sorry. I didn’t realize the side effects were this severe.” 
Once again, he responded immediately. Ye Junqing: “Cut the crap, and say something helpful.” 
How could she be comfortable in such circumstances? 
Ye Xingguang: “Why don’t we add each other on WeChat?” 
She couldn’t bring herself to speak words of love, but surely she could handle sending pictures. 
She had many images like [hug] and [knockdown] in her WeChat. Would sending them help him in any way? 
She inputted his number into WeChat. Soon, they had become WeChat friends. 
Ye Xingguang quickly sent him a hugging.gif to fulfill the commitment. 
In Ye corporation’s headquarters, Ye Junqing was in a meeting room. 
The atmosphere in the room was extremely tense due to a high-ranking department manager messing up a project. Coupled with his fever and cold, Ye Junqing’s temper was particularly bad today, and he vented fiercely. 
Everyone in the room wished they could keep their hearts in their throats, terrified that something might go astray. No one expected that the intimidating figure sitting on the throne, upon taking out his phone, looked as if all the clouds on his face had dispersed… dispersed? 
Someone rubbed their eyes hard, unable to believe what they were seeing. What was that smile doing at the corner of Mr. Qing’s mouth? 
Who was he texting? 
No matter who it was, they must be an angel, like a potent ray of sunshine piercing through a thundering, rainy sky. 
Ye Xingguang was completely unaware that she had just saved all the executives of the Ye Corporation. After sending the hugging.gif, she felt a bit embarrassed, pinching the red bead hanging around her neck, blaming it for all the troubles! 
Seemed like she should refrain from interfering the next time Ye Junqing fell ill. However, a permanent cure for his illness needed to be found. 
In reality, she knew a way to cure his illness, but… 
Thinking about needing to negotiate with those people, she couldn’t help furrowing her brows. The big tumor was simply not worth it. 
And why should she go to such lengths to help the big tumor anyway? 
Speaking of which, she hadn’t yet settled the score with the big tumor for extinguishing the incense that she lit for the young man! 
However, driven by guilt, she sent yet another cheesy love meme to Ye Junqing an hour later. 
These memes were what she normally sent to her friends without any pressure. Sending them now felt overwhelming, but poor big tumor needed her now, having been ignited by the love spark due to the red bead. 
At that moment, Ye Junqing was in his office, multitasking between an IV drip and his paperwork. Hearing the WeChat notification, he instantly dropped his work and opened the app. 
Ye Xingguang: “Romantic meme. Text on the meme – Would you mind falling into my hands?” 
Eyeing the text on the meme for a long time, he finally replied with three words: “Not at all.” 
Oh my god 
Seeing Ye Junqing’s reply, Ye Xingguang blushed uncontrollably. This man, he’s spellbound!
###Chapter 170: Absolutely More than Just a Little Bit Cute!_1 noveldrama
Translator: 549690339 
She still had a bunch of tacky emojis, planning to send one every hour. But how was she supposed to continue with this plan now? 
An hour later, Ye Xingguang pondered and picked an emoji. The text matched with it read — My last name Gao represents ‘high’, but I am still not lofty enough to be with you. 
Ye Dudit immediately responded: “I can squat down.” 
Ye Xingguang: !!! 
She couldn’t send anymore images, the lingering effect was too strong, even the normally aloof Ye Dudit had had his soul stirred by her love confession! 
After another hour, Ye Xingguang sent another emoji, this one with text that read — I absolutely don’t miss you until it’s 1:30. 
This time, Ye Dudit didn’t reply. Maybe, the side effects had faded? 
But, at exactly 1:30 in the afternoon, Ye Dudit sent a screenshot of their WeChat conversation. The dirtbag had used a flashing red pen to circle the words “miss you at 1:30”. 
Such a sinner! 
Side effects can ruin a person! 
But Ye Dudit, under the spell, was way more adorable than his usually aloof self! 
With her mood lifted and an unexpected bonus of 46,000 yuan, Ye Xingguang decided to go to the mall after work to pick another birthday gift for Ye Junqing. But what to buy? 
After driving around the mall for a while, Ye Xingguang was finally attracted to a white shirt on a model in a boutique store. 
The model didn’t even have a body as good as Ye Junqing’s, but the shirt made him look irresistible. If Ye Junqing were to wear it, he would look stunning. 
She looked at the price tag and it was exactly 40,000 yuan. 
Ye Xingguang immediately bought it. As she was about to leave, she suddenly saw a beautiful woman holding hands with a handsome man passing by the entrance of the store. 
“Brother, don’t be angry. Parents didn’t do it on purpose. What if I buy a gift to apologize to Miss Ye? And as for our sister, I only found out after I had grown up. Don’t I miss her too?” 
It was Xia Yanyan. She hadn’t finished speaking when she saw Ye Xingguang, and immediately frowned. 
Ye Xingguang also frowned. She hadn’t forgotten how years ago, their parents said they were taking her and Xia Yanyan for a speed boat trip out to sea. 
At that time, she really believed that her parents were taking her on a fun excursion, not planning to abandon her in the open sea. 
She could still remember Xia Yanyan’s words before saying goodbye: “Mother and Father are right, you’re only a hindrance to our family’s future. You’re our disgrace, I never had such an ugly sister…” 
Remembering what Xia Yanyan had once said and listening to her speaking to her older brother now, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but laugh. 
Xia Ye Zhao also noticed Ye Xingguang: “Miss Ye, what a coincidence, you’re here to buy a shirt for Ye Junqing?” 
“Hmm.” Seeing her brother again was just great. 
Xia Yanyan smiled: “Miss Ye, I don’t mean to rain on your parade, but honestly, all of Ye Junqing’s clothing is personally tailored by renowned designers. He would never wear a shirt of this brand, it’s just not up to par.” 
Xia Yanyan’s words carried heavy implications. Any fool could tell what she was implying: that Ye Xingguang being with Ye Junqing lowers his standards. Just like how the watch she bought in the morning lowered Ye Junqing’s standing. 
But, so what? 
Ye Xingguang gave her a cold look: “It’s okay. Just this morning, I told my Ah Qing that I felt he was unattainable. But he said, it’s okay, he can squat down.”
###Chapter 171: If I Don’t Blow My Own Horn, It’s a Disservice to My Talent!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Hearing these words, Xia Yanyan was furious. What was this White Lotus doing, how could Ye Junqi possibly say something like this? 
Smiling, Xia Ye Zhao said, “It’s the thought that counts, not the value of the gift. I think Ye Junqi would like it.” 
Ye Xingguang responded with a slight smile, “I think so too.” 
“Miss Ye, are you free? I’m really sorry about what happened yesterday. Let me treat you to a meal as an apology,” Xia Ye Zhao sincerely suggested, involuntarily meeting Ye Xingguang’s gaze. Her eyes reminded him of his younger sister. Was he overthinking it? 
Hearing his words, Ye Xingguang immediately replied, “It wasn’t your fault. I never blamed you.” 
If anything, she blamed her ruthless parents. As for her elder brother, he did nothing wrong. 
Xia Ye Zhao gave a self-deprecating smile, “In any case, I would appreciate it if you would grace me with your presence, Miss Ye.” 
“Sure.” 
To have a meal with her elder brother openly was something she had always desired. However, the fact that Xia Yanyan would be present was a bit irksome. 
Xia Yanyan also found Ye Xingguang displeasing, but considering her elder brother was present, she refrained from making any comment. 
The three of them took the elevator to the third floor of the mall, found a quiet restaurant, and had a seafood feast together. 
Seeing Xia Ye Zhao patiently peeling a crab for Xia Yanyan, careful not to let her get hurt, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel envious. 
She picked up a crab to peel for herself. As she picked out the meaty parts, she found herself reminiscing about their childhood. She and Xia Yanyan both loved crab, and their elder brother would peel them for both of them. 
Sadly, he would never peel a crab for her again. 
“Miss Ye, could you tell me how my younger sister lived at your house after your father rescued her?” 
“Ah, oh, sure.” 
Ye Xingguang started narrating a fabricated story, “Qiongqiong was in poor health then. My parents took great care of her, but unfortunately, she passed away after two years. During her last two years, she created many pieces of music. Not long ago, I played one of her compositions in a restaurant and it impressed Old Master Gu. At the time, I didn’t reveal the truth, so I took the initiative to give Qiongqiong the pseudonym Yue Xi.” 
“That was a composition by my younger sister?” Xia Ye Zhao couldn’t keep the excitement out of his voice. 
However, Xia Yanyan’s face instantly changed, “Impossible. She never understood music. I never saw her play the piano.” 
Well, she would have had to have been allowed to touch the piano to begin with. 
Back then, the piano at home was said to be exclusively for Xia Yanyan, the ‘white swan’. If she wanted to touch it, her mother would always say: that belongs to your sister, don’t touch your sister’s things, be careful you break it… 
Ye Xingguang said, “Naturally. Qiongqiong once told me that her sister had a strong sense of pride and always wanted to be the best. She didn’t want to hurt her sister’s ego, so she concealed her musical talent and let her sister take the spotlight.” noveldrama
Unable to hold back her contempt, Xia Yanyan almost burst out, “What does she mean by ‘letting me’? How could she say something like that to you?” 
What a joke! That ugly little sister, was she trying to blow her own trumpet so sky-high? 
“Well, that’s how Qiongqiong told it to me. As for who has more musical talent between Miss Xia and Qiongqiong, why don’t we leave it to the audience to judge? After all, in the future, I will present even more compositions by Qiongqiong to the public, all of which she wrote when she was seven or eight. Even now, I can hardly believe that at such a young age, she had such highly skilled musical abilities.” 
In front of Xia Yanyan, Ye Xingguang couldn’t resist blowing her own trumpet; after all, she wouldn’t want to let her talent go to waste!
###Chapter 172: Hurry home, I’m missing you to the point of going crazy!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Today, if she doesn’t make Xia Yanyan absolutely furious, trampling her narcissistic pride, she won’t be Ye Xingguang. 
Saying so, Ye Xingguang took out her phone, opened Weibo, found the video from last night, and played it for Xia Ye Zhao on the table. 
“Brother Xia, I’m going to address you just like Qiongqiong does, if you don’t mind? I often heard Qiongqiong say when we were little, you loved her most.” She wanted so badly to call him ‘Brother’, even if it had to be preceded by his family name. 
Xia Ye Zhao smiled slightly, “That’s fine.” 
Ye Xingguang immediately lit up, “Brother Xia, this is a tune composed by Qiongqiong, and even the lyrics are penned by Ye Junqing. He said he would be remiss to not write for the tune Qiongqiong made after falling in deep love for her.” 
Didn’t that malignant tumor proclaim his love for Xia Qiongqiong to the world? 
If she didn’t exploit this now, dealing a heavy blow to Xia Yanyan’s face, it would be a betrayal to the love she’d received from him! noveldrama
What? Xia Yanyan almost broke her manicured nails in frustration. 
So, Ye Junqing knew that the tune was composed by Xia Qiongqiong and that’s why he wrote the lyrics for it? 
How could Ye Junqing insult her by using a dead person? 
Even now, Xia Yanyan refuses to believe that Ye Junqing doesn’t love her. But what makes this White Lotus girl think that she’s better than Xia Yanyan? Even if she misunderstood Ye Junqing’s love for her, she was still a national treasure of Country A, the woman every man desired to marry. 
Unlike this White Lotus, even if she briefly captivated Ye Junqing, she only had his body but not his heart. His heart belonged to her deceased sister. Xia Yanyan wondered what the White Lotus thought she could gain from this. 
What a joke! 
Xia Yanyan picked up her drink, smiling, “My little sister is the irreplaceable moonlight in Ye Junqing’s heart. As her elder sister, I can’t help but feel happy for her. Miss Ye, I hope you won’t mind my little sister’s irreplaceable position in Ye Junqing’s heart.” 
“Of course not, Qiongqiong is my best friend.” 
You want to use Xia Qiongqiong to provoke me? Ha, you’ve picked the wrong calculations, this will only provoke you! 
Ye Xingguang also picked up her drink and leisurely sipped. 
After Xia Ye Zhao listened to the whole song, his eyes were moist. 
“It’s very good, thank you, Miss Ye, for letting me hear this song by my little sister. Your family saved my little sister’s life. I feel terrible about the unpleasant thing that happened yesterday. Miss Ye, whatever compensation you want, I can try to make it up to you.” 
I want a good elder brother. 
Who can peel crab for me to eat… 
Ye Xingguang held back the jealous sourness tickling her nose, laughing lightly, “As long as no one else bothers me or threatens my life, it’s fine.” 
“I promise that won’t happen again.” 
If it happens again, his little sister’s spirit in heaven won’t rest in peace. 
Just… 
Xia Ye Zhao’s gaze couldn’t help but fall on Ye Xingguang’s face again. 
Why did this girl give him such a strong sense of familiarity? 
An unrealistic idea emerged in Xia Ye Zhao’s head, but he quickly dismissed it. 
He must be crazy to think this girl was his little sister, but how could that be? His little sister would never fail to recognize him. 
At this moment, Ye Xingguang’s phone suddenly rang with a video call notification on WeChat. 
Xia Yanyan took a glance and saw it was Ye Junqing and couldn’t help but prick up her ears. 
As soon as Ye Xingguang connected the video, Ye Junqing’s voice, even hoarser and more magnetic after catching a cold and fever, came out, “Why aren’t you home yet? Did you buy the gift?” 
“I bought it, but someone told me that the gift I bought would lower your standards. I don’t know if I should give it to you or not?” Ye Xingguang played a little trick. 
As soon as her voice fell, Ye Junqing’s deep voice came crashing through the video, “Who told you that? Tell her straightaway, as long as it’s from you, it’s priceless in my eyes! Hurry home, I miss you so much I’m going crazy!”
###Chapter 173: She has the privilege to choose men_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang is love-stricken, indulging in the poison of love as if it shoots up her self-esteem. Without even looking at Xia Yanyan’s expression, she could guess what Xia Yanyan must be feeling at that moment. 
“I know, I will be home soon, please wait for me.” 
After saying that, she hung up the call contentedly and got up to say, “Brother Xia, sorry, I’ve got to leave. My dear can’t stand a second without me. Let’s make plans the next time we are free. About yesterday, don’t worry about explaining to Ye, I will talk to him myself. Let’s mark it settled after this meal.” 
She didn’t want to make things difficult for her brother. As for the other members of Xia’s family, she didn’t give a damn about how they explained things to her. noveldrama
Until Ye Xingguang left the restaurant, Xia Yanyan couldn’t believe her ears. She turned to her deep in thought brother, Xia Ye Zhao, to ask. 
“Brother, was it really Ye speaking to Ye Xingguang in the video call just now? How could Ye say those cheesy words to Ye Xingguang? Didn’t he say that he likes Qiongqiong?” 
Thinking about what Ye had said to Ye Xingguang earlier, Xia Yanyan clenched her fists, and tears almost rolled down her cheeks. 
How could the man she thought loved her deeply say such cheesy words to a match chosen for him less than a month ago? 
This was definitely not the Ye she knew, this belittled Ye’s proud and distinguished image! 
However, it was exactly how shocking it was that made her exceedingly jealous and agitated! 
This man she thought was deeply in love with her had never said such cheesy words to her, and she suddenly realized, he might never be obsessed with her in his lifetime. 
Xia Ye Zhao came back to his senses and comforted her: “Yanyan, I’ve told you before, Ye doesn’t have feelings for you. You should face the facts. There are many other men in this world worth considering.” 
He had already told his sister that Ye didn’t like her, but he couldn’t wake a person who was playing possum. 
“I don’t want to, brother! I only want Ye. Aren’t you guys good friends? There are many men to consider, but none of them are Ye. From a young age, everyone has told me that I’m national treasure and I can choose any man, why has my choice been distributed to someone else by the state?” 
“Brother, I remember the President said that I have the privilege to choose a man. If I choose Ye, can the official relationship between Ye and Ye Xingguang be terminated immediately?” Xia Yanyan became extremely agitated. 
Xia Ye Zhao frowned: “Yanyan, you can’t force love, I won’t allow you to do such stupid things.” 
“But wasn’t Ye Xingguang forcefully assigned to Ye by the state?” 
Xia Yanyan felt suffocated. She couldn’t swallow her pride! As long as she thought of the proud man who would someday drop his pride and say that he’s obsessed with her, she couldn’t resist the desire to snatch Ye away! 
Isn’t the present trend the so-called “real fragrance” law? 
Last time Ye dared to say in the hospital ward that the woman he wanted was never her, and even told her not to say to his woman in the future that he loved her to death, she must make Ye slap himself, and kneel down to confess he was wrong! 
Ye Xingguang didn’t know that Xia Yanyan had such privilege. After leaving the shopping mall, she immediately took a ride home. 
Unexpectedly, not long after the car drove out, suddenly, a loud bang went off next to her and the quiet night was instantly awakened by the soaring flames and deafening explosion.
###Chapter 174: What did you say, say it to me again!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
The aftermath of the explosion caused the windows of all cars passing by to shatter into pieces. 
Ye Xingguang had no clue what was going on. Glass shards from the vehicle’s windows sliced her neck, causing blood to bead up instantly on her skin. Her head hit something due to the inertia, causing a ringing in her ears. 
Almost instinctively, she scrambled out of the car for self-rescue. 
As soon as she alighted, another explosion boomed in her ears. Fire soared high into the black night, turning it into daylight, blinding her completely. 
In the Ye’s Family mansion, Xiao Yun strode into the living room. 
“Lord Qing, an accident happened!” noveldrama
Ye Junqing was lying on the living room sofa, receiving intravenous fluids. There was a pile of tissues used for a cold in the trash can next to the sofa. Normally full of vigor, he appeared listless at the moment. Without having the energy to even lift his eyelids, he simply closed his eyes and commanded, “Speak.” 
Xiao Yun spoke urgently: “There’s been a massive explosion at the Kirala gas station, which has the city’s largest oil reserve. Lord Ting’s motorcade happened to be refueling there when the explosion occurred. The situation is unclear at this moment.” 
“What did you just say?” Ye Junqing’s eyes snapped open, his voice deadly quiet. “Say that again!” 
Xaio Yun immediately pulled out his cell phone, showing Ye Junqing the videos uploaded by netizens: “The fires have already spread to the houses near the gas station. It is reported that the death toll has exceeded a hundred. The fire department has dispatched numerous vehicles to the rescue. I called the captain of Lord Ting’s bodyguards, but nobody picked up. But when the explosion occurred, I was actually chatting with the captain, and he mentioned that they were refueling there. Now, I’m can’t reach him…” 
Xiao Yun’s words made Ye Junqing’s heart sink. In the video, fire was shooting up into the sky, causing a pile-up in the surrounding motorway. Then, his sharp eyes spotted a car. 
The next second, Ye Junqing paused the video, moved the progress bar back, and replayed the video again. 
After checking it twice, he recognized the car with all its windows shattered. It was the car Ye Xingguang usually rode in. 
He immediately took out his phone and dialed Ye Xingguang, but no one answered. 
“Call the driver who transports Little Fish Tail right now,” he commanded urgently, revealing his concern. 
Xaio Yun hesitated for a second: “Lord Qing, who is Little Fish Tail?” 
Unconcerned that he had unintentionally blurted out his nickname for Ye Xingguang, the tall man, despite his high fever and dizziness, stood up and said, “Ye Xingguang!” 
“… Yes.” As soon as Xiao Yun contacted the driver, he immediately handed the phone to Ye Junqing. 
Ye Junqing took the phone: “Speak! How is Ye Xingguang doing now?” 
“Lord… Lord Qing… Miss Ye ran into the blaze.” 
The driver’s words exploded like an atomic bomb in Ye Junqing’s heart. 
The once formidable man roared in fury, “What did you say? Why did she run into the blaze?!” 
“There was an explosion at the nearby gas station while I was driving Miss Ye home, and we were impacted by the residual force of the explosion. Miss Ye got out of the car and started doing live reporting with her phone. Hearing that Lord Ting’s motorcade was at the gas station at the time, Miss Ye dashed into the gas station engulfed by towering flame…” 
Before the driver could finish speaking, Ye Junqing’s vision turned black for a moment. Then, he abruptly removed the IV needle, swiftly got up, and began to stride towards the door. His voice wasn’t shaky, rather it was eerily calm, “Quickly, prepare the car! No, prepare the plane!”
###Chapter 175: Absolutely Cannot Let Anything Go Wrong! Not Even One!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
The Ye family estate has its own standby private helicopter, ready for any sudden emergencies that require immediate attention. 
Sitting in the helicopter, Ye Junqing was constantly making calls, arranging for the most professional rescue team and the best medical team to rush to the scene. 
Though anxious, he behaves more calmly, yet only he knows that his brain and emotions have split into two – his brain functioning like a serene computer in autopilot, but emotionally, his heart has sunk to the very bottom! 
One was the woman he loved the most, and the other was his closest elder brother. The lives of two people who mattered the most to him were now hanging in the balance! 
“Master Qing, look,” Xiao Yun sitting next to him spotted thick black smoke billowing into the night sky. 
Sitting in the helicopter, looking down, Ye Junqing saw nothing but blazing flames engulfing the area below. 
The helicopter directly landed on the motorway, which was already blocked off by the police. Apart from rescue vehicles and fire trucks, no other vehicles were allowed. The scene was filled with wailing wounded and fire trucks rushing to put out the fire. 
As soon as Ye Junqing jumped off the helicopter, Ye Xingguang’s usual driver ran over to him, apologetic and remorseful: 
“Master Qing, I’m sorry. I couldn’t stop Miss Ye. As soon as she heard that Master Ting was at the explosion site, she rushed in without a second thought…” 
“With the fire this intensive, even the firefighters didn’t dare to rush in. But Miss Ye did. She didn’t even have any fire protection gear on. Now Miss Ye is probably…” he didn’t finish his sentence, implying she was likely in grave danger. 
“Shut up!” Ye Junqing severely interrupted the driver’s words with a frosty glare. 
There’s nothing wrong with my brother, and Xingguang is fine too! Absolutely nothing! 
He bypassed the crowd, striding towards the blazing gas station… 
The heat wave that hit him made his determined heart squeeze painfully. 
Seeing the fire engulf the sky, Ye Junqing couldn’t imagine the level of cool-headedness he needed to maintain to prevent a mental breakdown right there and then. 
“Take off your fireproof suit and give it to me!” Ye Junqing grabbed a firefighter. He had already arranged for the necessary rescue team and the best medical team was en route. He couldn’t think of anything else he could do. 
However, the two most important people in his life were in there. He couldn’t just stand here and do nothing. 
“Master Qing, calm down! You don’t need to lead a charge into the fire yourself! You’re still sick. Master Ting and Miss Ye… sure they will have their own guardian angels.” Xiao Yun said, though even he didn’t believe these assurances. 
Still, he must protect Ye Junqing. If something happened to Ye Ting, then Ye Junqing must be safeguarded from any danger. Otherwise, the demise of the two pillars of the Ye family could lead to its instant collapse. 
“Get out of my way!” Ye Junqing kicked Xiao Yun out of the way, scenes of his brother and Xingguang seeking help in the blaze flooding his mind. 
Damn it, didn’t she know better than to rush into the fire to save his brother? 
Ye Junqing couldn’t comprehend the emotions swirling inside him. He would rather trade his life for the safety of his brother and Xingguang. He had never felt this awe and reverence for life as he did at this moment! 
His kick was heavy and harsh, and Xiao Yun fell to the ground with a thud. Ignoring the pain, he was quickly getting up to continue to stop Ye Junqing when he suddenly saw a skinny little girl carrying a man obviously larger and taller than her, struggling out from the flames… noveldrama
Xiao Yun couldn’t believe his eyes. Was that victorious girl, looking like a warrior, the frail-looking Miss Ye?
###Chapter 176: Has this man lost his conscience to a dog!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
At this moment, Xiao Yun suddenly understood why Mr. Qing was attracted to Miss Ye – this girl was too charming! 
Not to mention Mr. Qing, the moment Xiao Yun saw Miss Ye emerging from the fiery inferno carrying a man larger than herself, his heart couldn’t help but tremble. He felt himself falling for this strong-willed girl. 
“Mr. Qing, look-” 
Before Xiao Yun could say anything, Ye Junqing had already dashed towards the girl who ran out from the flames. At that moment, Ye Junqing didn’t know if he should be thanking the heavens, or her, for her coming out alive? 
“Move, move, quickly move.” Ye Xingguang, carrying a man on her back, barely managed to dodge Ye Junqing as he charged towards her! 
Running to a safe spot, away from the fire, she yelled out, “Ambulance, fast, ambulance…” 
Xiao Yun has already gone to help with the stretcher. 
After the man on her back was placed on the stretcher, Ye Junqing took a closer look. The man that Little Mermaid had saved was his elder brother! 
Ye Xingguang panting heavily said, “Rest assured, I found your elder brother in the men’s restroom at the gas station. Thank goodness, he must have gone to the restroom during the explosion and managed to survive. But his bodyguards who stayed in the car… “All of them are dead. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang couldn’t finish her sentence, she felt immense regret. 
Upon hearing Ye Xingguang’s words, Xiao Yun’s heart ached deeply. Ye Shiting’s chief bodyguard was his good friend and the shock of his sudden demise weighed heavily on Xiao Yun. 
Ye Junqing had already ordered his men to lift his elder brother into the helicopter and get a paramedic to provide immediate medical assistance. He then boarded the helicopter himself. 
Before boarding the helicopter, he swept Ye Xingguang into his arms and then sat down in the helicopter, checking her up and down to see if she had suffered any burns. 
Exhausted, Ye Xingguang slumped onto the seat of the helicopter, laughed and said, “Stop looking, I’m fine. Luckily, I didn’t neglect the men’s bathroom. Or, it would have been too dangerous. I searched all your brother’s cars and when I didn’t find him among the bodies, I thought there may be a chance he survived. Thank heavens I didn’t give up, I finally found him in the male restroom.” 
Speaking off, Ye Xingguang wanted to give herself a pat on the back. 
To her surprise, instead of appreciating her, Ye Junqing scolded, “Who allowed you to rush in? Do you think you’re some superhero? Do you think you’re invincible? Are you out of your mind, rushing in regardless of the danger?” 
Ye Xingguang was dumbstruck: 
Followed by feeling wronged, she retorted: “Why are you losing your temper? I saved your brother, and you’re shouting at me!” 
Is this man’s conscience eaten by a dog? 
Ye Junqing couldn’t control his temper. Just thinking of her risking her life in the fiery disaster looking for his brother made his heart scorch with worry. He lifted his hand and pulled her tightly into his embrace. 
With his large hand on her back, massaging and pressing, he wished he could encase her within himself so that he wouldn’t worry. Then his voice crashed down on her, “Ye Xingguang, if you dare to scare me like this again, I’ll break your legs myself!” 
[Author’s note: That’s all for todays update! Please recommend, please recommend, please recommend! Saying this thrice because it’s important! PS: To readers on the ‘Red Sleeve’ app, please send red beans to the characters “Ye Xingguang” and “Ye Junqing”. The more, the merrier! Love you all~]
###Chapter 177: Is this man worried about her?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: 
Was this man… worried about her? 
She fell silent instantly, letting the man fiercely pull her into his embrace. She felt the tangible concern from him. After thinking for a moment, she quietly said, “Don’t worry, I’m okay. I only charged in because I’m confident in myself. Otherwise do you think I’m foolish? To risk my own safety for your sake and to rescue your brother? I’m not crazy.” 
She was not an ordinary person. She possessed both human and mermaid genes, with the mermaid genes greatly diminishing her fear of fire. 
To her, the threat of fire was lesser than that of a cup of hot water. A cup of hot water spilling on her skin might cause it to blister, but she was capable of running in the midst of flames without easily being burnt. The thick smoke had nearly choked her to death though. 
This man, under the influence of the love bug, was actually so concerned for her. She suddenly felt a warm feeling in her heart and thought it was worthwhile running into the fire to rescue his brother. 
“Who’s worried about you! Ye Xingguang, don’t flatter yourself!” noveldrama
“Then don’t hold me so tightly.” His grip was so intense that she could barely breathe. 
“Shut up!” Lord Ye rebuked her sternly, then held her even tighter. His actions were both domineering and demanding, as if he wouldn’t be able to feel at ease unless he held her tightly and reassured himself of her safety. 
Well, if he asked her to shut up, then she’d shut up. Ye Xingguang rested her head quietly on the man’s warm chest, thinking that if he cared for her so much even without the love bug, then the government hadn’t assigned the wrong man to her. 
Unfortunately, his spark of love was only temporary… 
Suddenly, the helicopter landed on the roof of the city hospital. 
The most authoritative medical team, arranged by Lord Ye in advance, was on standby on the roof, ready to save Ye Shiting at any time. 
Ye Xingguang finally managed to free herself from the man’s domineering arms. Just as she was about to visit the emergency department for a post-trauma interview, Lord Ye pushed her towards the doctor: “Examine her. A thorough examination.” 
“I’m really not hurt, there’s no need for an examination.” 
Regrettably, he just shot her a stern look, not giving her a chance to refuse. 
He couldn’t set his mind at ease if he didn’t get her thoroughly examined. What if she developed pneumonia or other conditions due to smoke inhalation? 
“I really won’t have the examination. What’s the point if I’m not sick?” If the examination result revealed that her body’s benchmarks differed from ordinary humans, wouldn’t that expose the secret of her mermaid identity? 
While Ye Xingguang had her own worries, Lord Ye ignored her words, held her wrist, and personally accompanied her for the examination. 
“Your brother is still undergoing surgery, and he is clearly in a more dangerous situation than me. Can’t you stay by his side at this time? What kind of brother are you?” Ye Xingguang felt miserable and almost cried. Being cared for was also a kind of burden. 
“I have already notified my sister-in-law!” 
When Yi Yujian arrived, Ye Xingguang had just been forced to undergo a full body examination. She didn’t even get a look at the test report before it was handed over to Lord Ye. 
The medical report was fetched by Xiao Yun, who said, “Lord Qing, the doctor says that Miss Ye’s body indicators are all abnormal. They suspect she might be seriously ill and recommend she undergo a more comprehensive examination.” 
Lord Ye held all the reports in his hand and went through them meticulously. His hanging heart finally came down: “I see. Go and delete all of her examination data from the hospital computer. Tell the doctor that I will invite more authoritative experts to examine her illness.”
###Chapter 178: Who Made My Personal Charm So Strong?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
She is a mermaid, her biological markers are certainly different from those of ordinary people. He didn’t understand this before, which caused some misunderstandings. Later, he learned to read all kinds of medical reports himself. From the data, she was indeed safe and sound. noveldrama
Only after Ye Junqing’s nerves calmed down did he go to the VIP ward. 
After emergency treatment, Ye Shiting was arranged in the VIP ward for intravenous fluid replacement. 
Yi Yujian, holding Ye Xingguang’s hand, didn’t know how to express his gratitude. 
“Sister, I heard that you braved the flames to save Shiting’s life. I will remember this gratefulness for the rest of my life. I assure you, in this lifetime, I will only consider you as my sister!” 
If at first, she merely wanted to win over Ye Xingguang to ensure that her relationship with Ye Junqing would not affect her husband’s presidential election, at this moment, Ye Xingguang had genuinely won Yi Yujian’s heart! 
In front of Ye Junqing, Yi Yujian stated, “I’ll make my stand here today, besides you, I will not accept anyone else as Shiting’s sibling!” 
Ye Xingguang felt incredibly honored. “Thank you, sister-in-law.” 
Even though she and Ye Junqing only had a year’s worth of relationship, it was quite moving to hear her sister-in-law speak so highly of her. 
Then, she sneaked a glance at Ye Junqing who was standing beside the hospital bed. 
Ye Junqing was enquiring about Ye Shiting’s injuries from the doctor. Hearing Yi Yujian’s words, he couldn’t help but think about the tense relationship between the mermaid and his sister-in-law. 
Back then, because of her dislike for him, the mermaid didn’t treat any of his family members well. This led to his sister-in-law having a very negative impression of her, which in turn caused his parents to disdain the mermaid. 
After the mermaid warmed up to him, the first thing he did was arrange for his parents to go on a vacation to avoid conflict between her and his parents. 
Who would have thought that a massive fire could change the sister-in-law’s attitude towards the mermaid. 
Ye Junqing looked deeply at Ye Xingguang. This girl was truly different from before. 
Ye Xingguang studied him briefly. What are you looking at? It wasn’t my fault that the sister-in-law said she would only recognize me. Who can resist my charm? 
The doctor said, “That’s the situation. Thankfully, he was rescued in time. Otherwise, if he stayed in the fire for another minute or two, he might have suffocated to death. Don’t worry too much, his condition is stable now. We will continue observing him in the hospital after he wakes up. I will keep you updated if anything changes.” 
Ye Junqing withdrew his gaze, slightly nodded, and escorted the senior doctor out personally. 
When he came back, Ye Xingguang was already curled up on the sofa, looking rather wearied. 
Ye Junqing stepped towards her, took off his coat and draped it over her. “Tired?” 
Ye Xingguang rubbed her eyes. “I’m okay.” 
“Second brother, you take your sister home. I will stay and watch over your brother. I will call you once he wakes up.” 
Ye Junqing nodded, bent down, and the next moment, he lifted Ye Xingguang up in a princess carry. She was surprised, “What are you doing? I can walk by myself.” 
“You’re tired,” Ye Junqing tersely stated, not allowing her to , not willing to let her walk on her own. 
Ye Xingguang, “I’m not so tired that I can’t walk. Put me down.” 
This isn’t a good look with everyone watching. 
But he acted as if he hadn’t heard her at all and didn’t give her a chance to walk by herself. He replied, assertively and dominantly, “If I say you’re too tired to walk, then you’re too tired to walk!”
###Chapter 179: Tomorrow, he is not willing to wait until tomorrow!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang: 
This man, really! 
She stopped speaking, letting the man carry her out of the VIP ward. 
“Achoo!” 
“Achoo!” 
“Achoo!” 
The tall man sneezed three times in a row, unconsciously turning his head to avoid his droplets from hitting her face. 
Ye Xingguang raised her hand, placed it on his forehead, and frowned, “Why is your forehead still so hot? These damn side effects, no wonder you’re so desperate to leave with me.” 
Ye Junqing’s lips twitched coldly, “…” 
“Wait, don’t take me home. Take me to the hotel where I stayed the night before last.” 
The night before last, this man threw her out, and her luggage was still at the hotel. 
Ye Junqing’s face darkened instantly, “You want to stay outside?” 
“Of course, I was the one you kicked out!” Ye Xingguang huffed, “Besides, you haven’t apologized to the man who saved my life, why would I go home with you? Do you think I’m that unprincipled?” 
“I’m not going to bow to him!” 
With a tone of resentment, Ye Junqing was jealous of the boy’s place in her heart, “I will send money to his home to improve his family’s life.” 
Seeing Ye Xingguang’s lips move as if she was about to say something, he didn’t want to hear it and interrupted her, “Xiao Yun has investigated. Your savior has old parents and a sister who is in college. I will give him ten million, and his sister’s future job will be taken care of by Ye Group. Consider this my apology.” 
Ten million plus a job, that’s quite a gesture… 
Ye Xingguang pouted, “Fine, I might just forgive your disrespect for my savior. But you still need to take me to the hotel.” 
At this, Ye Junqing lowered his head and looked at her intensely, “Do you really need someone to carry you home in a sedan chair before you agree to come back with me?” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang paused, then laughed, “My luggage is at the hotel. If you don’t take me there to get it, what am I going to wear tonight, your clothes?” 
Ye Junqing blinked, his dark face visibly softened, “So, you just want to get your luggage?” 
“Of course not, when you kicked me out that day, I swore I would never go back with you, even if you carried me home in a sedan chair.” Ye Xingguang snorted defiantly, “I was planning to sue you!” 
Not responding to her comments, Ye Junqing cut in, “Where’s my gift?” 
“Huh?” 
“The birthday gift.” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Is this man trying to change the topic this fast? And he doesn’t look like the type who lacks gifts. Why is he so obsessed with this one? 
“It’s in the car. The car is still parked near the gas station, which is currently blocked off because of the incident. Let’s discuss this tomorrow.” 
Tomorrow, he really doesn’t want to wait until tomorrow! 
Ye Junqing carried her straight to the helicopter, throwing a few instructions at Xiao Yun before boarding the helicopter, “Go get the gift she bought from the car, and then go to the hotel to get her luggage. You have half an hour.” 
Meanwhile, on the other side. 
The video footage of the gas station fire was handed over to Lawson Perry. Nan Yin, while scrolling through the IPAD and seeing the public’s reactions, furrowed his brows and said: “Sir, people online are starting to suspect that the gas station explosion was not an accident because Ye Shiting was at the gas station. I don’t like where this is going. Some people are pointing their fingers directly at you, claiming this was your plot to eliminate your competitor.”
###Chapter 180: Who Said I’ve Been Hit By the Love Potion?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Lawson Perry, clad in dark pajamas, stood on the balcony of his high-rise luxury apartment, looking in the direction of the exploding gas station. Against the evening sky, he could see the fire still fiercely burning, showing no signs of extinguishing. 
“Find out who’s fanning the flames and stirring the public opinion. I, Lawson Perry, do not resort to such despicable tactics, even if I want to win. If someone wants to throw dirt on me, let’s just wait and see!” 
With that, Lawson Perry extinguished the cigarette in his hand and asked in a stern voice, “What’s Ye Shiting’s current situation?” 
“The Ye’s family has blocked the news. We don’t know Ye Shiting’s condition yet. According to an eyewitness, Ye Shiting was rescued from the blast by a girl. Here’s the video, it seems like the girl is Ye Xingguang.” 
The scene of Ye Xingguang carrying Ye Shiting out of the fires was photographed by a reporter at the scene. 
This photo has already been posted online, causing a commotion, which shocked many people. This led to comments like these: 
“Apologies to the goddess, I will follow this couple for three seconds.” 
“No offense, I just love this couple.” noveldrama
“I also wish to save my ideal presidential candidate from danger, but sadly I don’t have the strength. Fire goddess, please accept my admiration. Starting from today, I am your devoted fan. I want to write fan fiction about you and the strongest presidential candidate. Don’t try to stop me. PS: This is fiction-based, not related to reality.” 
Ye Junqing, who had already returned to the Ye’s residence, saw these comments and looked quite unpleasant. 
Are netizens today going crazy? It was evident from this photo that it’s because of him that little mermaid is involved! 
Ye Xingguang took a shower, dried her hair, and came downstairs to find Ye Junqing sitting in the living room with a gloomy expression. 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, wondering what was wrong with this guy. His gaze landed on her, making her feel a little uneasy. 
After thinking for a bit, she glanced at the door and said, “Hasn’t Brother Owl returned yet? All my skincare products are in my suitcase. After showering, I don’t even have anything to moisturize my face. When is he coming back? Could you give him a call and ask?” 
However, a certain someone kept his face stiff, holding his phone, not knowing what he was looking at. The exceptional coldness in his eyes seemed to be piercing through his phone, killing everyone who had provoked him at the other end. 
Ye Xingguang thought it best to make herself scarce: “I’m going upstairs first. When he brings my suitcase back, ask him to send it directly upstairs, okay?” 
The man leaned back on the sofa, emanating an aura of coldness. He called her over: “Come here.” 
“You need anything?” 
Ye Junqing said, “Use your ‘Little Mermaid’ account and post a selfie now.” 
He needed to let everyone know that Little Mermaid dashed into the fiery scene because Ye Shiting was his brother, Ye Junqing! 
The most suitable couple for netizens to fantasize about should be Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang. 
Ye Xingguang was startled: “What? If I post a selfie on Weibo, wouldn’t the whole world know I’m the ‘Little Mermaid’? Are you again being controlled by the love bug? Are the side effects really that serious?” 
“Who said I’m under the influence of a love bug?” Ye Junqing regretted teasing her. Now everything he says gets twisted! 
Ye Junqing kept his face straight, looking both depressed and stern. His thin lips pressed together, showing no room for negotiation: “Send it right now! After it’s posted, I’ll have it featured as the top trending topic.” 
[Author’s note: That’s all for today’s update. Votes for recommendations are much appreciated, the more, the merrier. If you have any votes, please give them to me, okay? Readers on RedSleeve, please send red beans and give them to the character “Ye Xingguang” to boost her popularity. Many thanks!]
###Chapter 181: I Understand Your Intentions Better Than Anyone!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes, “If you hadn’t been hit by the love potion, would you allow me to post selfies? Right now, it’s a rush, but once the side effects wear off, you grab my wrist and furiously demand I delete the photos. Who can I turn to then?” 
She hadn’t forgotten the last time at the swimming pool when she was appreciating his body and secretly took some photos of him. He humiliated her in front of Xia Yanyan. She would not fall for the same trick twice. 
Ye Junqings’s eyebrows furrowed regretfully. He regretted using the excuse of the love potion to get close to her. Reining his feelings, he said, “I tricked you. The truth is, the only side effect is a burning sensation all over my body. I had to take thirty showers last night before it subsided.” 
“What?” Ye Xingguang was stunned. 
Exhausted, Ye Junqing slumped onto the sofa, glancing at the medicine bag for his IV drip. “Otherwise, I wouldn’t have come down with a fever. Go on, post it.” 
Ye Xingguang stood still, stunned. 
“Did you not understand what I said?” Ye Junqing’s voice was harsh. 
Ye Xingguang blinked her eyes, “Are you pretending you didn’t take the love potion just to get me to post on Weibo? I think the potion might have seeped into your marrow.” 
Ye Junqing grinded his teeth, “Come see for yourself if the IV is for fever relief.” 
Half-believing, half-doubting, Ye Xingguang went over to examine the bag, looking at the name of the drug then checked its purpose on her phone. 
Online it said, L-Aminopyrine, a type of anti-inflammatory drug, similar to Amoxicillin. Mainly used for intravenous therapy, it could treat symptoms like fever and pain, and could be used for a cold or flu. 
So, his burning body was due to a fever, not the side effects? 
So, she was tricked into sending him flirty messages every hour today? noveldrama
Ye Xingguang glared at him fiercely, “Why did you lie to me?” 
With a look of amazement, Ye Junqing gazed at her, was she truly this naive? Couldn’t she guess why he lied to her? 
“You’re too much. You enjoyed fooling me, didn’t you?” Ye Xingguang was indignant. 
At her words, Ye Junqing turned the tables, “You dare ask me? You took advantage of my weakened state and drugged me saying it would relieve my bloodthirst. That did work but caused a burning sensation all over. What were you planning? If you wanted to offer yourself as a birthday present, just say it outright!” 
The color drained from Ye Xingguang’s face, she hurriedly defended herself, “I didn’t!” 
“She denies it. But then why did you gave me the pill? You knew how hard it was for me to turn down your sincere offer but feeling sorry for you, I gave you the chance to express your feelings towards me, tricking me into believing you wanted to be close to me only to call it a jest?” 
Why was it that he was obviously the one at fault, yet he ended up having the upper hand? 
If the side effect was really… what might he have thought about her from last night until now? 
Ye Xingguang coiffed her hair, her cheeks flushed red. Where could she hide her embarrassment? 
She stole a quick glance at Ye Junqing who was hooked up to an IV, then diverted her eyes, quickly raised a hand as if to swear, “I swear I honestly forgot about the side effects, especially that one. If I knew, I never would’ve given you the medicine.” 
Ye Junqing wore a relaxed expression, unwilling to believe her, “No need to explain, I know exactly what you were thinking! If you like me, just say so!”
###Chapter 182: She Plans to Enter Your Life _1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Who says I like you? Don’t make things up.” Ye Xingguang’s ears turned red. 
Ye Junqing didn’t like her denial, and stubbornly put on a firm expression, his eyes flickering, “If you don’t like me, why are you blushing? Look in the mirror, even your ears are red. Looking at me, doesn’t it feel like the wine doesn’t intoxicate, but the man does?” 
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat. This guy is so full of himself. Isn’t it normal to blush when one encounters such an awkward situation? 
Ye Junqing dropped another bomb, “Those WeChat emojis you sent me today were all heartfelt words you carefully selected, right? Did your heart feel sweet when you called me ‘Junqing’?” 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!” 
She turned her head and started to walk away, “I’m not talking to you anymore, I’m going to bed.” 
Ye Junqing quickly grabbed her wrist, not letting her escape. He hadn’t even posted on Weibo yet, now everyone was pairing him with others online, but the pairing didn’t include her and him! 
Ye Junqing commanded in a domineering tone, “You may only go to sleep after posting the Weibo.” 
“Why?” Ye Xingguang didn’t get why he wanted her to post on Weibo since he wasn’t affected by love. 
“No reason, I say post, so you must post.” 
This man is too overbearing, isn’t he? 
As Ye Xingguang was consumed by her confusion, Xiao Yun walked in carrying a bag and suitcase. 
“Miss Ye, I brought your luggage.” 
“Oh.” Ye Xingguang forcefully untwisted her wrist from his grip, took a shirt she had bought from a mall from Xiao Yun, and handed it to Ye Junqing, “Here it is, a replacement for your birthday gift. I bought it with my first paycheck, it cost forty thousand, the most expensive clothing I’ve ever purchased. It shows my sincerity, doesn’t it? The gifts I bought for my parents only cost a few thousands.” 
At her words, Ye Junqing felt a strange warmth passing through his agitated heart. The irritation seemed to dissipate all of a sudden and he felt touched. 
“What is it?” He pretended to have a casual glance. 
Ye Xingguang took out the shirt box from the bag, “A shirt, I bought it according to your height, I don’t know if it will fit you. Try it on, if it doesn’t fit, I can exchange it for you.” 
Without saying a word, Ye Junqing took his phone and googled:[What does it mean when a woman buys a man a shirt?] 
He got two answers. noveldrama
Answer One: It actually doesn’t mean anything~ Maybe she just thinks this piece of clothing suits you~ Don’t believe in the superstition that a woman buying clothing for a man is because she wants to marry him~ Women don’t usually think that much~ 
He ignored this nonsense answer. 
Answer Two: This woman is starting to get involved in your daily life, she’s planning to join your life, if you allow her. 
Staring at the second answer for a few seconds, a faint, arrogant, and sexy smile formed on his lips. So she wants to join his life? Silly girl, you should have just admitted it. Why the roundabout approach? 
Ye Junqing abruptly pulled out his IV needle. This is the second time he has done so tonight. He then stood up, ready to undress. 
Seeing the blood seeping out from his hand, Ye Xingguang was startled,” Hey, what are you doing? The IV hasn’t finished yet. Why did you pull out the needle? There’s even blood now. Quick, let’s find some cotton swab to press on your veins.” 
“It’s nothing,” Ye Junqing didn’t seem to care. 
While Ye Xingguang was looking for a cotton swab, the man had already stripped off his suit and shirt, revealing his sexy abs and muscular chest, distracting her. 
Ye Xingguang swallowed hard and said, “Why are you taking your clothes off?”
###Chapter 183: Are You Charmed Yet?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqing answered her directly with action. He put on the white shirt she bought and then stood in front of her: “Button it for me.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “Don’t you have hands?” 
Ye Junqing slightly raised his hand from which the blood was still trickling, silently answering her question, now looking weaker. 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, stopped talking, and stood in front of the man, button by button, helping him fasten his shirt. 
Standing in front of him like this, she felt that her 168CM height was entirely insufficient. When buttoning the top button, she had to lift her head, the light behind him cast down on her, leaving a shadow across her face. She felt that in that shadow, it was filled with the man’s potent masculinity. 
Ye Junqing lowered his head, staring at her slightly trembling eyelashes: “Am I too handsome to handle?” 
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat: “What are you talking about?” 
Even Xiao Yun, standing to the side, couldn’t help but laugh. “Mr. Junqing, this shirt suits you really well. Miss Ye has very good taste, this shirt perfectly outlines your excellent figure.” 
Ye Junqing’s good mood was visible on his face: “You seem to have a pretty precise grasp of my measurements, you must have been sizing me up quite often.” 
Unable to hold back her temper, Ye Xingguang kicked Ye Junqing: “I can’t be bothered with you, I’m going upstairs.” 
With these words, she was off, lugging her suitcase like a fugitive on the run. 
However, when she reached the stairs with her suitcase, before she could even lift it, the suitcase was taken by Ye Junqing. He didn’t say a word, just carried her suitcase and followed her upstairs. 
After climbing all the stairs, Ye Xingguang reclaimed her suitcase: “Thank you, goodnight.” 
Ye Junqing rubbed her head: “I really like the shirt.” 
At last, he said something sensible. 
“Thank you even more for putting yourself in danger to save my brother tonight”, Ye Junqing emphasized, for me. 
However, Ye Xingguang missed the point, simply saying, “You’re welcome.” 
All she could think about was that it was Ye Junqing’s older brother. If something happened to him, Ye Junqing would definitely be upset. After all, she also had an older brother and knew the weight of such a relationship. 
“However, in future, if something similar occurs, you’re not to be reckless, you hear? If not…” 
“Stop. I don’t want to hear the rest.” 
Ye Xingguang was sulking, ready to flee with her suitcase. However, the man followed her all the way to the door of her bedroom, reminding her for the third time, “Don’t forget to post on Weibo.” 
Ye Xingguang’s response was to slam the bedroom door in his face. 
Then she fell onto her bed, tossing and turning uneasily. Why was he so insistent that she post on Weibo, is he not afraid of exposing her now? 
Originally, many media outlets were trying their best to uncover the identity of the “Carp Girl” but he had effectively sealed it away. 
This man, he hasn’t fallen in love with her, has he? Why is he behaving so unusually? 
Ye Xingguang climbed under her blanket, took out her phone, and couldn’t help but open WeChat. Looking at the messages she and Ye Junqing had exchanged that day, her face flushed red. This man, why is he reacting to the emojis she sent in such a way? 
Really, it’s making her mind a mess, fueling her wild thoughts… 
Yet, she’s also afraid that she’s overthinking and will end up being proven wrong by Ye Junqing. 
Ah, so annoying… Who will give me an accurate answer, to tell me what exactly is going on?
###Chapter 184: “You”, are you referring to Ye Junqin? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
The next day, Ye Xingguang woke up with dark circles under her eyes. No matter how she tried, her make-up could not conceal her slightly swollen, panda-like eyes. 
Fearing Ye Junqing might see her dishevelled appearance from lack of sleep, she dallied coming down. But to her surprise, Junqing was not at home. The usually bustling breakfast hall was empty, save for her. 
“Butler, has everyone else not woken up?” 
Tang Zhou, Ji Qishu, Mo Fei, and others, who usually breakfasted here, were all missing this morning. 
The butler replied, “Master Ye Shiting woke up. All the young masters went to the hospital, Miss Ye, I saw the photos on the internet. You saved Master Shiting, you’re a hero to the Ye’s Family.” 
Ye Xingguang feigned modesty: “Oh, it was nothing really.” 
She hadn’t seen the photos on the internet but when she arrived at work after breakfast, she was surrounded by colleagues and superiors, as if she were a celebrity. 
Everyone knew she had rescued Ye Shiting last night. They even said people on the internet were shipping them as a couple. When she checked the comments on her computer, she was flabbergasted. 
There were even cartoons of her carrying Ye Shiting out of the fire. 
Her rescue of Ye Shiting made the headlines of all major newspapers, including the KOCO TV station. 
Her identity was also revealed by enthusiastic netizens: 
Ye Xingguang, formerly the darling of C University, now an intern at KOCO TV station, outshone Xia Yanyan during the closing song of the concert…etc. The only thing they hadn’t dug up was her status of being the favored girl of Ye Junqing! 
“Have netizens lost their minds? Why are they forming such thoughts? Ye Shiting is a married man. Teacher Chang, is there any way to tone down the enthusiasm of these netizens?” 
Chang Qinghua knew she was Ye Junqing’s official partner. The ship formed by netizens between her and Ye Shiting was indeed unsettling, but it couldn’t be controlled unless her identity as Ye Junqing’s preferential companion was revealed. 
Rebecca Perry sat in her office, jealousy gnawing at her heart as she saw Ye Xingguang heralded as a hero for saving the country’s top presidential candidate. She wished there could be some bigger news to overshadow Ye Xingguang’s moment of glory. 
At this moment, an exclamation echoed through the office: “Oh my god, Xia Yanyan wants to get married.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Just check Xia Yanyan’s recent tweet, she is saying that she wants to settle down. She is even thinking about using her special privilege to personally pick the man of her choice to marry, contributing to the nation by raising the next generation of merpeople. This is so explosive!” 
What? Immediately everyone lost interest in praising Ye Xingguang and began to check Xia Yanyan’s tweet on their phones or computers. 
Just a minute ago, Xia Yanyan had tweeted: “I’m about to celebrate my 25th birthday, at the prime of life. I would like to walk into the chapel of marriage with the most special man, raise the most distinguished next-generation national treasure for our nation. Even though the nation has given me the privilege to pick any man, of thousands of rivers, I only want a ladle of yours. [Love]” 
Reading Xia Yanyan’s tweet, Ye Xingguang had a bad feeling. 
Could the “you” Xia Yanyan was referring to be Ye Junqing? 
Am I overthinking it? 
Back in the newsroom, everyone was discussing this. noveldrama
“Wow! It seems like Xia Yanyan has someone she cherishes. She only wants one ladle out of thousands of rivers. So romantic! Who has charmed this national treasure? We must dig this out!” 
“I remember the nation did give Xia Yanyan this privilege. As long as he’s an unmarried man, she can choose anyone she wishes. Even if he disagrees, the nation will enforce it, otherwise he risks facing three years in prison, and his entire family would be stripped of their political power for a lifetime.”
###Chapter 185: Submitting a Privilege Application to the President_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Upon hearing that, Ye Xingguang frowned even deeper: “Such a perverse privilege?” 
A colleague replied: “Though it’s perverse, there should not be a man in this world who wouldn’t fall for Xia Yanyan. How could anyone reject the national treasure? So this perversion is merely a mere formality.” 
Ye Xingguang’s emotions were complicated. If Xia Yanyan chose Ye Junqing, would Ye Junqing reject Xia Yanyan? 
If he rejected her, not only would he face imprisonment for three years, his whole family would be deprived of their political rights for life. This is a crucial time for his brother’s presidential campaign. If they were stripped of their political rights for life, how could his brother run for president? 
Back then, Ye Junqing only accepted her because of his brother and the circumstances. So would he similarly marry Xia Yanyan due to circumstances? 
For some reason, Ye Xingguang was agonizing over this issue all day, it was becoming more and more bothersome… 
After work, she went to the hospital to visit Ye Shiting. Coincidentally, she encountered Xia Yanyan in the ward. 
Xia Yanyan also came to visit Ye Shiting, her cousin-in-law, so she had reason to be there. 
Yi Yujian also saw Xia Yanyan’s Weibo post and asked with concern, “I didn’t expect you to want to get married. Have you set your sights on some promising young man that you need to exercise your privilege?” 
Sitting in a chair, Xia Yanyan gave a mysterious smile: “It’s a secret. I plan to submit the privilege application to the President on my birthday and surprise everyone.” 
Please don’t be a terrifying surprise, thought Ye Xingguang, who entered the ward in a state of turmoil. 
“The younger sister is here.” 
Seeing Ye Xingguang walk in, Yi Yujian immediately stood up to welcome her. 
“How’s my brother doing?” 
Ye Shiting was sitting on a hospital bed, looking at a document. 
Upon hearing her, he put the document aside and pointed to an empty chair by the bed: “Sister, sit.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang sat down. “My brother doesn’t look too bad. I assume it isn’t serious?” 
Yi Yujian poured her a glass of water. “The doctor said he inhaled too much toxic smoke and has a lung infection. He has to stay for some time. But you know your brother, he cannot sit still. We told him to rest, but here he is, still working.” 
“It’s alright.” Ye Shiting knew that last night’s event had scared his wife. 
“If it weren’t for your sister, do you think you’d still be safe and sound, lying here reading documents?” Yi Yujian’s eyes reddened. 
Ye Shiting looked at Ye Xingguang appreciatively. “Thanks for saving my life this time. But don’t do such dangerous things again. Otherwise, I can’t return you safe and sound to Junqing.” 
As shocking as this event was for him, it was terrifying for his brother. 
Although he didn’t know what was going on between his brother and sister, Ye Shiting could see that this girl had changed his brother’s mood. It seemed as if he had grown younger, he was mature in business but naive in love, unable to hide it. 
Like this morning, he came wearing a shirt. When Mo Zhe was smoking beside him, an ash accidentally fell onto his shirt, burning a small hole. It almost led to a violent outburst. 
Later, everyone found out from the bodyguard that the reason for his anger was that the shirt was a gift from his sister. He was probably still upset about his shirt.
###Chapter 186:, I believe, he won’t refuse_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang said, “It’s okay, big brother. I had everything under control when I decided to save you. Even if I didn’t, I believe luck favors the good and you are destined to be the future President.” 
The internet is now full of speculation about the gas station explosion. They are suggesting it was not accidental, but premeditated murder, which is outrageous! 
She had never heard of a presidential campaign taken to the point of attempted assassination. It’s disgraceful! 
Netizens are signing petitions online, urging the current President to investigate this matter. 
As they were speaking, footsteps came from outside the door. 
A man, center of attention, was ushered in. 
It was the soon-to-be-retired President, Yanbei, aged thirty-five. 
Everyone in the room, including Ye Xingguang, respectfully nodded in greeting. 
Ye Shiting sat up in bed and looked at the approaching Yanbei: “Why have you come? Your presence is flattering.” 
Yanbei waved his hand and all the bodyguards that were with him backed off, leaving only an aide by his side. 
Yanbei had known Ye Shiting for a long time and came to visit him casually: “You’re quite lucky. You didn’t get blown up.” 
“I can’t die. I still want to take over your position,” Ye Shiting replied. He asked Yi Yujian to pour a cup of tea for the President. 
Yanbei noticed Ye Xingguang standing by the bed: “So, this is the ‘Goddess of Fire’ who saved your life?” 
Ye Xingguang was flattered: “Mr. President, the title ‘Goddess of Fire’ is a bit too much. The netizens just randomly came up with it.” 
As Yi Yujian poured the tea, Yanbei took it from him and said: “You truly deserve that title.” 
Feeling ignored, Xia Yanyan suddenly entered the conversation: “Mr. President, thank you for taking the time to see my cousin-in-law among all your busy work. The gas station explosion was definitely dangerous. If it was intentional, it would be absolutely insane. I just visited other victims and the casualties are too high.” 
Yanbei sat down, took a sip of his tea and said: “I just visited the other injured as well. Shiting, I’ve organized a special investigation group for this matter. If it’s not an accident, I’ll give you an explanation.” 
Ye Shiting remained silent, his face stern. Even if the government didn’t investigate, he would have someone look into it privately. 
With so many bodyguards killed and so many innocent people hurt, if he didn’t bring the culprit to justice, he would feel he had failed in life. noveldrama
Yanbei stayed in the room for a while. Before leaving, he turned to Xia Yanyan: “I heard you plan to marry? Have you decided who the lucky guy is?” 
Xia Yanyan couldn’t help but glance at Ye Xingguang before proudly nodding: “Yes, Mr. President, I have. I plan to submit a marriage application on my 25th birthday. I hope the country will hold the grandest wedding for me.” 
Yanbei nodded: “Your wedding is of national significance. The state will certainly take it seriously and will arrange according to national wedding standards.” 
“But what if he doesn’t want to marry me?” Xia Yanyan worriedly asked. 
Yanbei furrowed his brow: “As long as he is not married, there’s no room for negotiation. But, is there really someone who wouldn’t want to marry you? That’s surprising. So, who has caught your eye?” 
Xia Yanyan was thrilled and chuckled: “Mr. President, I was just joking. As it’s my first time contemplating marriage, my heart can’t help but feel anxious. I am confident that he will not reject me.” 
For Ye Shiting’s sake, even a little White Lotus like Ye Xingguang was acceptable to Ye Junqing. How could he possibly refuse her?
###Chapter 187: I won’t marry, I won’t marry, I just won’t marry! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang stood there, increasingly feeling something wasn’t right. Xia Yanyan was spoiled since she was a child and her downfall here couldn’t possibly lead to an immediate desire to marry. Especially when she’d be using state privileges. Ye Xingguang was almost eighty percent certain that Xia Yanyan would put Ye Junqing’s name on the marriage application form. It’d be out of character otherwise. 
She left the hospital room absent-mindedly after the President excused himself. 
Upon returning home and entering the living room, she heard Tang Zhou’s whining cries, “I won’t marry! I won’t marry! I will not marry!” 
Ye Xingguang was left speechless. 
Tang Zhou went wild in the living room, “I only want to marry the woman of my dreams. My first love, the woman I dream about. All other bastard men can stay far, far away from me!” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Tang Zhou was so upset he was about to explode, “Moreover, that bastard fell all the way from the top, penniless and still dares to try to marry me, a high-born and noble gentleman! Where did he get the nerve? I swear I’ll castrate him if he tries!” 
Ye Xingguang: 
None of it made any sense to her. 
She found Ye Junqing, Ji Qishu, Mo Fei, and Fu Zhuo all sitting in various positions in the living room. 
Ji Qishu was clearly trying to calm Tang Zhou down, “Relax! The state enacted this damn assignment policy to increase the population. Even Junqing, who got picked, had to accept Xingguang. What makes you think you’re so special, buddy? Just succumb to your fate.” 
Fu Zhuo sided with Tang Zhou, “This allocation system has to be flawed. How on earth could Tang Zhou, a man, end up being paired with Shen Mo? After falling from his pedestal and unable to pay the single tax, Shen Mo had to resort to drawing lots for a spouse from the Civil Affairs Office. Shouldn’t he have drawn a woman?” 
Ji Qishu looked puzzled, “I accompanied Tang Zhou to the Civil Affairs Office this afternoon to protest saying there was a bug in the system. But after checking their records, their system listed Tang Zhou as female. Dude, was your gender incorrectly recorded when you had your physical examination?” 
Ye Xingguang was astounded, could they actually make such a mistake? noveldrama
Everyone has to undergo a physical examination on their eighteenth birthday. She was scared that her health indicators wouldn’t meet the standards during her own examination, and was relieved when everything went smoothly. The results of the exam would then be entered into the system. 
It was unfathomable that Tang Zhou, a fully-grown man, could accidentally be recorded as a woman after his physical examination. What a joke! 
Tang Zhou was on the edge of losing it, ignoring Ji Qishu. He paced around the living room and raged, “Over my dead body will I get married! I’d rather be stripped of my political rights for life than risk losing my virginity for my first love!” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Ye Junqing sat on the sofa calmly drinking tea, not comforting Tang Zhou like the others. Instead, he stated authoritatively, “That’s what you get for not paying your single tax and getting chosen in the draw. You have to accept your fate. If I can, why on earth can’t you?” 
Upon hearing this, Tang Zhou was almost in tears. 
“I did pay! After you forgot to pay yours, Junqing, I checked mine to avoid forgetting in the future. I went ahead and paid for twenty years.” 
Ji Qishu: “Dude, are you nuts? Didn’t you see the rule that you can only prepay the single tax for a maximum of ten years at once? Any more than that is considered resistance to the state distribution policy, and all tax paid will be invalidated. You, paying twenty years at once, is clearly expressing your dissatisfaction with the policy. Who else would they choose but you to draw lots for partners?”
###Chapter 188: She is Actually a Girl_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Tang Zhou was floored: “What? I had no idea! I just thought the longer the singlehood went on, the safer I’d be. What should I do now? Am I really going to marry that penniless pauper, Leng Chenmo? I’ve spent 73 million to gratify twenty years of bachelor taxes, just to marry myself to a penniless man? That’s such a loss!” 
Laughing until he almost fell over, Ji Qishu said, “Actually, before Leng Chenmo’s fall from grace, he was ranked third on the list of the unmarriageable ‘Diamond Kings’. Even if he’s now penniless, he was once a wealthy and handsome man above your reach. It’s just that his gender doesn’t match with yours.” 
Tang Zhou lunged at him, ready to fight Ji Qishu. 
His neck squeezed by Tang Zhou, Ji Qishu said with a death wish, “Big brother, calm down, think about it. There’s really nothing wrong with it. Weren’t you racking your brain some time ago on how to get fallen Leng Chenmo to become your little brother? Now you don’t even have to make the effort. The state directly assigned him to you. From now on, he eats from your labor, lives in your house, wears what you provide, uses what you own. Isn’t he just going to listen to you obediently? At worst, we can make him marry into our family. A penniless guy doesn’t qualify to marry you; he can only be married by you. How about that?” 
Unfortunately, these words did not pacify Tang Zhou’s raging heart. 
Fu Zhuo made a valid suggestion: “Tang Zhou, I suggest you go to the hospital for a medical examination again. As long as you can prove that you’re male, the government won’t randomly create a mandarin duck score, forcing two men to marry each other, which has no help to increase the population.” 
Ji Qishu, nearly choked, begged for mercy: “Cough cough… Yeah… Brother… I’ll join you for the physical examination… Let go of my neck first… Cough cough… Mo Fei, help…” 
Mo Fei stood up from his position, pulled Tang Zhou away, and freed Ji Qishu, who was nearly choked unconscious. Then he said to Tang Zhou, “Go for the checkup, it’s a lot more useful than you freaking out here.” 
“Not going!” Tang Zhou was irritated. He has always been a girl but due to a congenital condition, he has been living as a boy all his life to the extent that even his brothers do not know that he is not a boy, but a girl. noveldrama
No matter how many times he checks in the hospital now, the result will still show his gender as female! 
Just recently he had finally found a reason to claim that he was infatuated with a mermaid to cover up his lack of interest in other women, but now his cover was blown by Leng Chenmo! 
If it wasn’t for Leng Chenmo getting him, he could have lived as a male without worry, even if he remained single for his entire life. But now, he is forced to face the reality of his femaleness… 
He wanted to kill Leng Chenmo now. He had to be him of all people! 
Mo Fei said, “Then go, have Chess Book go with you.” 
After Ji Qishu caught his breath, he instantly stood up and hugged Tang Zhou’s neck: “Yes, brother, I’ll go check with you.” 
“All of you piss off!” Tang Zhou was frustrated and irritable. 
None of them understood his unspeakable secrecy. Only Ye Junqing, who was leisurely sitting on the sofa sipping tea, said to him with a deeper meaning: “Bachelor Leng is still waiting for you at the Civil Affairs Bureau. He has neither a car nor a house now, so he needs you to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to take him home. Fu Zhuo, accompany Xiao Zhou there.” 
“Lord Qing, are you really going to screw over Tang Zhou like this?” Even Fu Zhuo wasn’t on board with this for real, despite it being just a joke to have a brother take a man home.
###Chapter 189: Bring Leng Chenmo Home Now!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
But Ye Junqing spoke sternly, “There’s no room for negotiation in this matter. Don’t give others a chance to claim that elder brother can’t even manage his own siblings. If I’m willing to accept the assigned spouse, why can’t Tang Zhou? This is your time to repay the many years of upbringing. Don’t argue with me anymore, go and bring Leng Chenmo home now!” 
“Junqing, you’ve hurt my feelings.” Tang Zhou lamented, looking at Ye Junqing with a distressed expression. 
But Ye Junqing was unmoved: “Don’t make me repeat myself.” 
At those words, everyone fell silent, sending complicated glances at Tang Zhou. 
They had all grown up together as brothers, so it was surprising to see Junqing take such a decisive stance. In his determination to secure his the elder brother’s presidential position, he was ready to sacrifice Tang Zhou’s life as he knew it. This made Ye Junqing seem somewhat heartless. 
Fu Zhuo suggested, “Junqing, how about we let Tang Zhou get a medical evaluation? If we could present the results to the Civil Affairs Bureau, they could reconsider this decision.” 
Ji Qishu also chimed in, “Right, we’ve all grown up together, this shows the system isn’t trustworthy anymore. Ever since Yanxing was assigned to Junqing I’ve felt there’s a bug in the system, but now I’m even more convinced that the Civil Affairs Bureau matching system is flawed. It’s just a trap.” 
Mo Fei declared, “Junqing, I disagree with your approach.” 
However, against everyone’s disapproval, Ye Junqing’s words were absolute, “Our marriages are merely tools to hold power. Mine included. They all serve my elder brother’s political ambition. Even without my elder brother’s sake, for all our brothers who have fought side-by-side over the years, our marriages are beyond our preference. Zhou, you better realize this. We are all sacrifices made on the path of becoming celebrated heroes. This is our life as a politician’s family.” 
By the end of Ye Junqing’s merciless speech, he commanded, “Within two hours, I want to see Leng Chenmo brought home.” 
Having said this, Ye Junqing ascended the stairs, leaving the room. 
In the lounge below, sympathetic glances were thrown at Zhou from the brothers who still believed Tang Zhou to be a man. 
Only Tang Zhou, looking at the heartless departure of Ye Junqing, was left brooding. Could it be Junqing discovered his true gender, hence he was so unfeeling, even insisting that he bring Leng Chenmo home? 
Impossible! 
He had always hidden it so well! 
This was his secret. Besides his older brother Tang Xiao, no one else knew. 
Because this was a secret he could not discuss, his elder brother wouldn’t expose his true gender without his consent. 
While Ye Xingguang stood in the lounge, thoughts of Xia Yanyan using her privilege filled his mind, even if it didn’t concern him directly. 
His mood became increasingly uncomfortable. 
Yes, that’s the true nature of a political family, marriages were just political sacrifices. What if Xia Yanyan insisted on choosing Ye Junqing… 
With a furrowed brow, Ye Xingguang didn’t linger in the lounge and went straight upstairs to his room until he was called down for dinner by the housekeeper. noveldrama
At the dinner table that night, another person had joined. It was Leng Chenmo, who had recently been brought home by Tang Zhou. Once a highly respected dignitary, he was third in line as the most eligible bachelor. Many girls had dreamed of marrying him. Now, even in his impoverished state, his graceful demeanor and innate charm were impossible to ignore.
###Chapter 190: My Brother’s Nemesis Picks On Me_1 
Translator: 549690339 
But the atmosphere in the living room was stiff. Besides Ye Junqing and Leng Chenmo having a drink and chatting, everyone else wore grim expressions, quietly eating dinner, not uttering a word, expressing their dissatisfaction with the situation in silence. 
Seeing Ye Junqing making space for him, Ye Xingguang walked over and sat down. 
“This is my official partner,” Ye Junqing took the initiative to introduce to Leng Chenmo. 
Having recognised Ye Xingguang as the girl from Fire Girl, Leng Chenmo said, “You are lucky to end up with a girl who would do anything to save Ye Shiting. She’s not bad.” 
This was the most encouraging thing Ye Junqing had heard. It seemed everyone else was blind, except for his former enemy who seemed to see things clearly. 
Ye Junqing lifted his glass, and in response to Leng Chenmo’s comment, made a toast, “You’re not bad yourself for ending up with Tang Zhou. He’s lively and easygoing, very pleasant to be around. He’s in your hands now.” 
With a loud bang, Tang Zhou viciously kicked the chair on which Leng Chenmo was seated, displaying his supposed “pleasantness”. 
But Leng Chenmo remained unflustered, not even getting knocked off his chair. He calmly finished his drink, responding with two words: “Will do.” 
Upon hearing this, everybody present, except for Ye Junqing, was in disbelief. 
Because once upon a time, Leng Chenmo was Ye Junqing’s arch-nemesis in business. Therefore, those who followed Ye Junqing, especially Tang Zhou, considered Leng Chenmo their enemy, especially Tang Zhou, who had always seen Leng Chenmo as a thorn in his side for Ye Junqing’s sake. 
When Leng Chenmo fell from grace, Tang Zhou was the happiest. He racked his brain everyday, trying to figure out how to get Leng Chenmo under his thumb, so he could happily torment him. But now— 
“I’m full!” 
Tang Zhou put down his chopsticks heavily, stood up, looked down at Leng Chenmo defiantly even though he was shorter, “Come with me.” noveldrama
He certainly needed to find a secluded place to teach Leng Chenmo a lesson. 
“You go first, I’ll have a few more drinks with Ye Junqing.” Leng Chenmo didn’t budge. 
Tang Zhou pointed at Leng Chenmo arrogantly, “Listen here, Leng Chenmo. Don’t think just because you ended up with me, you can eat my food, drink my drinks, use my stuff, and still not listen to me! From now on, if I say go east, you go east. If I say go west, you go west. If you dare defy me, I’ll throw you out on the streets just like that!” 
“9593-2395942,” Leng Chenmo calmly recited a string of numbers. 
Tang Zhou asked, “What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“It’s the number for the civil affairs hotline. During my brief visit there, I had nothing better to do and memorized it.” 
The implication being that he would call the hotline and report him if he tried to throw him out. 
Tang Zhou: “!!!” 
Tang Zhou clenched his fists and raised his feet, wishing he could sort Leng Chenmo out on the spot. 
“I believe the number is also valid for reporting domestic abuse,” Leng Chenmo added leisurely. 
Tang Zhou took deep breaths, telling himself to endure, to endure, f***…he couldn’t stand it anymore! 
“Just you wait!” Tang Zhou stormed off after issuing this threat. 
Seeing this, Fu Zhuo, Ji Qishu, and Mo Fei all put down their chopsticks and followed him out. 
Only Ye Junqing was left, continuing to drink with his once sworn enemy and current brother-in-law, Leng Chenmo. 
Ye Xingguang sat beside them, head buried in her meal, sneaking glances at Leng Chenmo from time to time. She couldn’t believe how the boss, having ended up with Tang Zhou, could calmly accept the whole situation and even memorize the civil affairs hotline number just in case he’s thrown out. What was the world coming to?
###Chapter 191: This is His Best Choice_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Throughout the dinner, even Ye Xingguang was too distracted to enjoy her meal. She found the world of political families too cruel, where everything, including marriage and love, could be sacrificed. They were even willing to marry Tang Zhou off to a man. 
Although Tang Zhou was more beautiful and delicate than most girls, and she couldn’t help but call him “Duchess” in private, still… 
After dinner, Ye Xingguang took an opportunity. She couldn’t resist anymore and pushed open the door of the study where Ye Junqing was working. 
Ye Junqing was very serious and focused at work. Hearing her footsteps, he didn’t raise his head, only said, “Do you have something? Wait till I’m finished.” 
Ye Xingguang saw that the entire room was full of bookshelves, so she walked over, picked out a book, and sat down to read for a little while. 
By the time Ye Junqing finished his work, an hour had passed. He looked up to find her sitting beneath the orange light of the lamp, and her face was illuminated in a way that made his heart soften. He leaned back in his chair for a moment, quietly admiring her as she sat under the lamp, reading. 
Feeling a steady gaze on her and frozen in place, Ye Xingguang reluctantly lifted her head, “Are you done now?” 
“Hmm, come here.” 
Ye Junqing massaged his temples. The fever had subsided today, but his cold symptoms hadn’t completely disappeared. 
Ye Xingguang closed the book, placed it back on the shelf, and walked to him, across a table’s distance. She said, “Why were you so stubborn today? It’s clear that your brothers don’t agree with Tang Zhou bringing Leng Chenmo home. If you do this, aren’t you afraid of provoking their wrath? Is your eldest brother’s position as president more important than Tang Zhou’s lifelong happiness?” noveldrama
She didn’t know whether she was asking this for Tang Zhou or for herself. Ever since Xia Yanyan posted on social media, she had felt uneasy all day. 
Ye Junqing’s eyebrows flicked, “If you don’t understand, don’t ask randomly.” 
“I do understand. Aren’t you just afraid of the media focusing on Tang Zhou’s situation? With your brother’s power, among all the presidential candidates, he has the most advantage. Even if Tang Zhou refuses, it will have a hardly influence on your brother’s election.” 
Ye Junqing didn’t want to explain the real reason, and simply threw out a phrase, “Haven’t you heard of the saying ‘an ant hole can cause the collapse of a thousand-mile-long embankment’?” 
Ye Xingguang wasn’t pleased and glowered at him, “So, for political purposes, personal happiness is not important? Even if it means letting a man marry another man? Tang Zhou isn’t even gay, how can you be so indifferent to his personal happiness?” 
If that’s the case, she really isn’t interested in such a man. Although, this man isn’t interested in her either. Being with her is also for political reasons! 
This woman, normally she didn’t have a deep relationship with Tang Zhou. But now it seems that she was standing up for him, was it because Tang Zhou regarded her as the love of his dreams, his first love? 
Ye Junqing’s voice became heavier: “The system shows that his sex is female, what’s wrong with marrying him to a man? If the state can do it, it means there’s no problem. How can I be disregarding his personal happiness? Many matched couples ended up together in the end. Why can’t he just try it? Maybe it’s the best choice for him.” 
Moreover, considering Tang Zhou’s abnormal body, who other than Leng Chenmo would be willing to marry him, or which man would want to marry him?
###Chapter 192: Not Unfair, Why Are You So Agitated?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Once, ignorant of Tang Zhou’s hidden ailment, unaware of all the unspeakable hardships Tang Zhou faced, he had indeed stood firm with Ji Qishu, Mo Fei, and Fu Zhuo, opposing Tang Zhou’s relationship with Leng Chenmo. 
But in the end, it was Tang Zhou who got hurt. 
He just didn’t want to repeat the same mistakes, didn’t want Tang Zhou to get hurt again. 
Ye Xingguang was furious, “Really, just because it’s assigned by the state, it means there’s no problem, and he should just give it a try? Maybe this is the best option for him? Ha, you make it sound so noble. Wasn’t I also assigned to you by the state? Why don’t you try?” 
After saying this, Ye Xingguang bit her tongue hard. Damn it, she was so angry that she’s babbling nonsense. 
Ye Junqing was stunned, seeming to disbelieve that these words had come from her mouth. 
The next second, Ye Junqing gave her a deep look, and replied, “Am I not trying it right now?” 
Ye Xingguang realized her emotions were out of control. Unsure of what to say, she turned to leave, blabbering along the way, “Anyway, make sure to consider carefully, don’t sacrifice Tang Zhou’s personal happiness for politics, or be careful about everyone turning their backs on you.” 
Before she could reach the door, Ye Junqing caught up with her. With a tug, he pulled her, and her body uncontrollably spun half a circle, falling forward into his arms. 
Feeling uncomfortable, Ye Xingguang forcefully pushed him, “Let me go.” 
“Why are you running when we haven’t finished talking?” At this point, how could Ye Junqing let her go? 
He held her chin, forcing her to look him in the eyes. Surprisingly, he noticed a grievance on her face, looking somewhat puzzled, “Why are you upset about Tang Zhou’s matter?” noveldrama
“Who’s upset?” Ye Xingguang knocked his hand away. 
“If you’re not upset, why are you so worked up?” Ye Junqing lifted her face, “Could there be something else bothering you? Tell me who made you upset, I’ll help you settle it.” 
“It’s you. If you have the guts, sort yourself out.” Ye Xingguang thought she was going crazy. Why did she walk into his study tonight? 
Even now, she didn’t know what she was saying, with a bitter nagging tone, that even she looked down on herself. 
But thinking about how he prioritize political goals over personal happiness, it made her heartache. Unable to control her emotions, she lifted her fist and strongly hit his arm. 
She admired him more when he ranked high on the list of bachelors for his personal happiness, confidently announcing: ‘Whoever dares to mess with me, prepare your own grave!’ 
Even though it’s domineering, it felt full of love, full of insistence, refusal to compromise, unwilling to settle with women casually. 
So even when he was always publicly saying that there’s no chance he would develop feelings for her over time, to the point of asking her to consciously keep a distance from him, she didn’t think any less of him. But now he’s talking about sacrificing everything for success to Tang Zhou, it disappointed her. 
Ye Junqing brought her back to the desk, picked up a feather duster from the table and put it in her hand. 
Ye Xingguang asked, “What is this for?” 
“For you to give me a thrashing, don’t feel upset.” 
Ye Xingguang threw the feather duster on the ground, “Who wants to hit you?” 
Ye Junqing pondered, “Wrong prop? Should we switch to a keyboard, or perhaps durian?” 
[Author’s note: This concludes the six-part update. During the PK period, please cast your recommendation votes to contribute to the PK advancement. Dear readers using the Hongxiu client, please send red beans to the character “Ye Xingguang”. Every little bit helps. Thank you.]
###Chapter 193: Want to Turn a Year into a Lifetime_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was clearly irritated in her heart. Yet, she couldn’t help but laugh at his words. Straightening her expression, she stared at him and snapped, “Who’s joking with you? Can’t you take things seriously?” 
“Every single word I’ve said is serious.” 
With one hand on her waist, Ye Junqing used his other hand to brace against the desk behind her. He trapped her between his chest and the desk. He lowered his head, his deep black eyes fixed on her, trying to figure out the source of her grievances. 
After a moment of consideration, he moved closer until their noses almost touched, then he chuckled softly, “Do you think I would sacrifice my happiness for political goals? That I’m not sincerely interested in you, and you feel unjust?” 
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat, and she instinctively closed her eyes. In that moment, it felt as though the man could read her heart through her eyes. 
“Why are you closing your eyes? Are you afraid to look at me or afraid to let me see?” 
Noticing that she shut her eyes even tighter, “If you don’t open them, should I kiss you?” 
Seeing that she still had her eyes tightly shut. Ye Junqing let out a low chuckle, in a very good mood, he whispered into her ear: “Or are you perhaps, looking forward to it?” 
His words made her heart contract sharply. Ye Xingguang opened her eyes in surprise, her heartbeat racing, “What are you talking about, who’s looking forward to it? I certainly am not!” 
But the moment her gaze met his, her heart raced even faster. 
His deep peach-blossom eyes were like powerful whirlpools, capable of drawing one in with just a single glance. 
Feeling hopeless, she quickly averted her gaze, her eyes flitting around aimlessly until they, unfortunately, landed on his tempting lips. Her heart pounded wildly again. 
Next to her ear, the man’s low laughter echoed, as if mocking her embarrassment. 
Feeling unbearably awkward, Ye Xingguang struggled to escape from this predicament, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t overpower Ye Junqing. His strength seemed boundless. Regardless of her efforts, he easily held her captive with just his arms. 
In the end, feeling a sharp pang in her heart, she spoke in an annoyed tone, “Let me go.” 
“No.” 
He leaned in while she was backed into the corner, pressed against the desk, inadvertently leaning back. But no matter how she tried to maintain a distance between them, he effortlessly closed the gap. 
In the end, their lips almost touching, he asked in a low voice, “Really not? Then why is your heart beating so fast? Xingguang, have you fallen for me?” 
“Absolutely not!” How could she possibly fall for him? A ruthless man who would sacrifice everything for politics, she would never fall for him. 
Ye Xingguang thought defiantly, but her breathing became unsteady. noveldrama
“Is that so?” 
Dissatisfied with her answer, Ye Junqing was determined to find evidence that she had fallen for him. “If you haven’t fallen for me, why do you stick to me like a plaster every time I relapse? Why do you care for me, look after me?” 
“That’s because…” Ye Xingguang furrowed her brows, unsure why she didn’t continue. Perhaps she hadn’t formulated a good excuse yet. 
“That’s because what? Is it because you’ve fallen for me? You can’t bear to see me in pain?” His voice was low, and as he spoke, his deep gaze fell on her evasive eyes, as if trying to coax her. 
Is that true? She was merely showing humanitarian concern, her conscience maybe just forgot to feed to the dogs. Can’t he stop overthinking? 
But Ye Junqing persisted in finding evidence. “Why get so emotional if you don’t like me? Why question me about you being assigned to me by the state, why don’t I give it a try? Xingguang, tell me, have you fallen for me? Do you want to turn a year into a lifetime with me?”
###Chapter 194: I Heard It, You Want to Date Me_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Just as Ye Xingguang was about to explain, Ye Junqing’s index finger pressed against her lips: “Hush, I don’t want to hear the answer from your lips. A woman’s mouth, as deceitful as a ghost, I only want to hear your heart.” 
His voice, as if it had the power to bewitch, resonated in her heart: “I hear your heart telling me that you fancy me, yet you dislike our impending union, simply because it’s decreed by the state. You don’t wish this love affair to serve political interests right from the get-go, Xingguang, I heard it, you want to be in a romantic relationship with me.” 
He seemed to be a master in beguiling people. For a moment, even she felt as though she herself heard her heart uttering his very words. 
Suddenly, the man’s lips pressed against hers. 
Her heart jolted violently, instinctively wanting to reject him, yet this domineering man had cast a net around her heart, not allowing her any chance to evade or escape. Having successfully beguiled her, he now sought to press his advantage. 
Actually, he did not hear her heart. But he did hear his own; he too disliked the union decreed by the state, not wanting this love to be forced right from the start. He wanted to court her, to pursue a pure romance. 
If possibly, she does feel likewise towards him… 
Perhaps this is destiny, those destined to be entangled for a lifetime, regardless of evading or escaping, in the end, they are always intertwined. 
Be it him or her, or even Tang Zhou and Shen Mo, their love has already hit a dead-end, yet now they encountered a turning point. 
At another villa in Ye’s estate, Tang Zhou rummaged through the entire villa, found a storeroom, threw a pillow and a blanket into it, then arrogantly told Shen Mo standing behind him: “From now on, you will sleep here!” 
Leng Chenmo casually took out the ‘Domestic Life Regulations during Official Matchmaking Period’ booklet obtained from the civil affairs bureau from his pocket, flipped to page eight, and said, “According to ‘Domestic Life Regulations during Official Matchmaking Period’, it seems that we have to share a bed.” 
Tang Zhou unsheathed a Swiss army knife: “Say that again!” noveldrama
Leng Chenmo, fresh out of the shower with a towel casually wrapped around his waist, exposed his beautifully sculpted back. His broad shoulders and muscular physique glowed under the lights, exuding a powerful aura of masculinity, just by looking at his upper body, it was obvious he frequented the gym. 
Upon seeing that Swiss army knife, not even a flicker of fear danced in his dark eyes. He casually tossed the ‘Domestic Life Regulations during Official Matchmaking Period’ into the trash bin and said: “Rules are dead, people are alive, as long as you’re happy.” 
“What the fuck am I happy about, even my brother Junqing and Xiaoxingguang aren’t sleeping together, stop using the ‘Domestic Life Regulations during Official Matchmaking Period’ to intimidate me!” 
Tang Zhou brandished the Swiss army knife in the air, snorting dismissively: “Money is the law. Regardless of how domineering you were, or how many people revolved around you like an emperor, from now on, you’re living off me. You’re the one who should revolve around me, understand?” 
Leng Chenmo didn’t answer, instead, he stared at the cramped storeroom. The room was filled with all kinds of miscellaneous items, it didn’t even have a bed, only an old sofa which had been abandoned. Probably it hadn’t been cleaned for a long time, it was covered in dust. 
The servant standing nearby was nervously fidgeting. This man used to be a high-ranking official in the Leng family, now Tang Zhou asked him to sleep in a storeroom, wouldn’t he get angry? 
Even though the man had fallen from grace, his network and connections were still intact. If he wanted, he could easily find a five-star hotel to stay in, would he stoop down to sleep in the storeroom?
###Chapter 195: The password is my birthday, were you secretly in love with me before?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
However, at this moment, the servant surprisingly witnessed Leng Chenmo picking up the quilt and pillow from the floor and taking them into the storeroom, saying, “Alright, from now on, everything will revolve around you.” 
The servants were all astounded. 
Tang Zhou had planned it all out. If Leng Chenmo dares to argue, he would pick a fight with him on the spur of the moment. Unexpectedly, the man who used to be on top of the world so easily gave in after he fell from his pedestal. In his mind, it was like a tiger falling flat on its face and being bullied by a dog. 
Damn it! Who is he calling a dog? 
Tang Zhou was so annoyed his wrath could have knocked over a cotton ball. He couldn’t vent his anger nor swallow his rage. After a moment’s thought, he followed Leng into the room, and took a credit card out of his wallet, tossed it on the sofa and said, “Use it to spend. Don’t be thrift while you are outside, otherwise, people might think I can’t afford to keep you.” 
Having said that, he finally felt the exhilaration, as if he had brought Leng Chenmo into his charge. His entire body felt invigorating. 
Leng Chenmo was busy laying out the bedding. But Tang Zhou could imagine how angry the man, who only had the role of splashing money before, would be if someone tossed their credit card at him. 
Tang Zhou fluffed his feathers and said, “Alright then, you should sleep. I’m leaving.” 
However, before he even reached the door, he heard Leng Chenmo’s voice: “Wait.” 
Tang Zhou halted, turned back, only to see Leng Chenmo holding the credit card and immediately felt fired up, “What’s the matter, you don’t want it? After I brought you home, why the pretense? Take it and use it. My brother Shen has said it, you’re marrying into the family!” 
Without the slightest hint of anger on his face, Leng Chenmo merely nodded, his mouth tightly closed, as if trying to suppress his laughter: “You’re giving me a card without the pin?” 
Tang Zhou, who was waiting for Leng Chenmo to hurl back the card, never in his wildest dreams thought Leng would say that. 
“Why, reluctant to give up the pin?” 
Tang Zhou took a deep breath, exhaled deeply, then rattled off the pin. Feeling triumphant, he took a large stride out of the room. 
Leng Chenmo nodded approvingly. Still, as Tang Zhou was leaving, he casually threw a line in his direction, “This pin seems to be my birthday. Girl, did you have a crush on me before?” 
Tang Zhou stumbled a bit, and drew his Swiss knife. Nothing was going to stop him, he was going to go back in there and kill Leng Chenmo. He could not believe that Leng Chenmo would go as far as to deduce such a thing, he had merely wanted to set a pin that no one could guess, and he felt the enemy’s birthday was the safest bet! 
And, he forbid uttering that he used to be a girl! 
In Ye Junqing’s office, Ye Xingguang pushed away a domineering man vigorously, and wiped her swollen lips, then fled in a panic. 
Who would want to date him? He must have drugged her! 
After escaping back to her room, Ye Xingguang immediately threw herself on the bed, buried her head in the quilt and screamed. 
However, five minutes later, the calm girl pulled her head out of the quilt and couldn’t help but ponder over Ye Junqing’s words. Could it be that she was really attracted to him? 
How could it be possible! “Aaahhh” 
The next second, the complex-minded girl once again muffled her head in the blanket. Her mind was in knots, all jumbled up, unable to untangle. 
It wasn’t until she received a call from Han Chengbei that she managed to shake herself out of her stupor, her heart still boiling over, her emotions were all messed up. 
“Oh my jeez, didn’t you hear what I said? Give me a response,” Han Chengbei said on the phone. noveldrama
The call had lasted two minutes, but Ye Xingguang had no idea what Han Chengbei had said, “Ah, what did you say?” 
Angry, Han Chengbei grinded his teeth on the other side of the phone, “What on earth are you thinking about? I said, I have a friend. His sister died when she was very young, he recently found out the truth about her death, and he’s not able to let it go. He wants to buy your regret medicine, we can negotiate the price.”
###Chapter 196: Waiting for Your Answer_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang suddenly calmed down, “Did you reveal that I have a regret medicine? Do you believe I’ll kill to keep it secret?” 
Han Chengbei: “Am I that careless? I just saw my friend in so much pain, wanting to help him save his sister and make up for his regrets. Just tell me, can it work? Rest assured, no matter how much money needs to be donated to Bo Medical Research Institute, he can afford it.” 
But Dr. Bo had called her a few days ago, saying that Han Chengbei had donated enough wealth alone, covering the expenses of the institute. Now the institute is not short on funds, and this time Ling Han also donated a lot of money. She didn’t want to raise any more sponsorship for the institute in the short term. 
Han Chengbei continued to ask: “Can it be done? Give me a straight answer.” 
“What’s your friend’s name, and how did his sister die? I need to know the details before deciding whether to sell the regret medicine.” 
Currently, she already had several customers contact her and she wanted to sell the regret medicine to the most deserving person. 
After all, who doesn’t have a few things they regret in this world? She couldn’t possibly sell to everyone who asked, could she? 
Han Chengbei said: “You might have heard about Xia Yanyan’s big brother, Mermaid Group’s CEO Xia Ye Zhao. He had a sister who was sickly from a young age and passed away early, he wants to bring her back to life.” noveldrama
Han Chengbei actually didn’t know much, he just knew that Xia Ye Zhao had a sister who died young. As to whether that sister was a mermaid, Han Chengbei had no idea. He just saw Xia Ye Zhao drink a bit too much tonight and looked upset, so he wanted to help Xia Ye Zhao. 
Ye Xingguang: 
Her feverish brain instantly cooled down. 
“Can it be done, my lord?” 
Ye Xingguang tightened her grip on her phone. Was her older brother trying to take the regret medicine to go back and save her? 
Her heart warmed, but still, “I’m sorry, he doesn’t meet my standards for customer selection.” 
“How can he not meet them, isn’t it just about the money? If half of his assets aren’t enough, are two-thirds enough? Check the current market value of the Mermaid Group online, and you’ll know that if you take this order, you’ll make a fortune.” Han Chengbei tempted her. 
Unfortunately, Ye Xingguang was unmoved, “I have my own set of standards, anyway, he doesn’t meet my standards, goodbye!” 
“Hello, wait a moment…” beep beep… 
Ye Xingguang directly hung up the call. Despite her brother’s good intentions, she didn’t want to change her own life, she didn’t want to return to her heartless birth parents either. She preferred growing up with her adoptive parents. 
With a “ding”, a WeChat notification sound came from her phone. 
She opens WeChat, and it was a message from Ye Junqing. 
[Listen to your heart tonight, If you want to date me, post a selfie on Weibo, I’ll wait for your answer.] 
As she was reading, a man’s cough and steady footsteps came from outside the bedroom, as if reminding her that he was outside. Ye Xingguang perked up her ears and listened carefully until she heard the door close in the next room, and her suspended heart finally relaxed. 
She laid down on bed, agitatedly ran her fingers across her hair. Who said she wanted to date him? Stupid man, why did he suddenly change? 
He had just attacked her so suddenly in the study… 
Thinking about what had happened in the study, her face flushed again. She wiped rigorously at the corner of her mouth, but couldn’t help savoring the moment. 
Oh no, why does she feel like it wasn’t that bad? 
It must be because she got poisoned by the poisonous tumor! 
Keeping calm, Ye Xingguang took out her phone, deciding to find something to do to divert her attention. Yes, find a customer who’s worth her selling the regret medicine to, and not think about anything else.
###Chapter 197: You Have One Minute to Give Me an Answer_1 noveldrama
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was worried that she would lose control of her own thumbs and impulsively post a self-portrait. She quickly exited out of “Koi Girl’s” account and logged into her “Grandfather’s Regret Medicine” account. One by one, she began checking her direct messages to pick out new clients. 
In fact, over the past few days, she had already taken note of one particular client. 
The person was a man, he claimed that due to his focus on his career, he hadn’t properly taken care of his wife during her pregnancy. Their child didn’t survive, and his wife couldn’t have any more children after. His wife would have divorced him had it not been for the sake of his career. Despite maintaining an outward image of a loving couple, he feared their marriage was on the verge of collapse. With his career also approaching its end, he guessed that it would also mark the day when his wife would leave him. He wanted to avoid that outcome. 
He wished that there truly were such a thing as a regret medicine in this world. He would be willing to give up his career if it meant he could save their child. 
Ye Xingguang found this client very intriguing, but his responses were extremely formal. 
Although he was a customer contacting her over direct messages, the entire situation made her feel as if he were her boss. She would send him a message, only to receive no response after a long time. An examination of their messages over the past three days showed that she was the one doing most of the talking. Aside from his initial introduction, his replies to her were simply “mm”, “mm”, and more “mm”! 
Does he know how to chat at all? 
If it weren’t for his desire to save his child and salvage his marriage, she really wouldn’t want to deal with this client! 
After some thought, Ye Xingguang sent another message. 
Grandfather’s Regret Medicine: “Do you still want to buy regret medicine? If not, I’ll offer the chance to someone more in need. Give me your answer within a minute, I won’t wait past the deadline.” 
“Ding” 
In the Presidential Palace office, Yanbei was dealing with official business. A Weibo private message notification came through on his personal phone, left aside on the table beside him. 
He clicked on the message, glanced at it, then put the phone back down and continued with his work. 
Aide Qin Yao walked in from outside with the investigation report of the gas station explosion and left it on the table, saying: “Mr. President, this is the investigation report of the gas station explosion. The investigation is not yet over, but the team investigating the explosion has preliminary analysis of the cause.” 
Without even so much as lifting his head, Yanbei said: “Just tell me.” 
The aide nodded, cutting right to the chase: “The cause of the explosion was a lit cigarette.” 
“Ding” 
As aide Qin Yao was standing next to the desk relaying the cause of the accident, the screen of the phone on the desk lit up. Qin Yao saw the screen light up with a message. The content of the message read: 
[Grandfather’s Regret Medicine: Last thirty seconds, countdown begins…] 
Yanbei glanced at it as well but ignored it, signaling for Qin Yao to continue. 
“Although there are a lot of rumors on the internet saying that Lawson Perry assassinated Ye Shiting, I don’t think Lawson Perry would be that stupid. If Ye Shiting dies now, even though he has one less powerful competitor for the presidency, he should realize that he would naturally be suspected. Is there a possibility it was an accident, or another presidential candidate trying to kill two birds with one stone, murder Ye Shiting and frame Lawson Perry? 
Yanbei thought for a moment. “What’s the reaction from Lawson Perry’s side?” 
Qin Yao said, “Lawson Perry is also sending people to investigate the true cause of the gas station explosion, and also…” 
“Ding” 
The phone on the office desk once again cut off Qin Yao’s words. 
The text jumping on the lit-up screen read: 
[Grandfather’s Regret Medicine: Time’s up, bye bye.]
###Chapter 198: – Ye Xingguang, can you be a little more promising? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
At the President’s Office, Yanbei was busy with work until almost ten at night when he finally picked up his phone to check his private messages. noveldrama
He wanted to reply, but found that he had already been blocked by the other party. 
The prospect of someone selling a “regret remedy” was unbelievable to a president. However, according to a secret investigation, there were indeed some people who admitted to purchasing this “regret remedy” via a microblog account and changing their lives. 
Yanbei would never seek help from such a thing, even if he felt regret in his life. Only when it came to the matter of his child, no matter how much he tried, his efforts were all in vain. 
Every man, no matter how strong, has times when they feel helpless. 
It wouldn’t be long before he stepped down from his position as president. By then, Ting Nan would surely divorce him. Ting Nan had already prepared the divorce papers, which currently, laid in his desk drawer. 
Yanbei took the divorce papers from the drawer. His eyes fell on the name signed on the woman’s part, “Ye Tingnan”. 
His fingertips caressed over the elegantly written characters. Yanbei’s heart ached. 
In anger, he tossed the divorce papers into the shredder. He would never sign these papers, not in this lifetime. 
Yanbei pondered for a while, then pressed the intercom. 
Qin Yao walked in from outside, “Mr. President.” 
Yanbei wrote “Regret Remedy Seller” on an A4 paper and gave it to Qin Yao, “Find the person who owns this microblog account and bring them to me.” 
Qin Yao took the A4 paper, “Yes, sir.” 
After a moment of thought, Qin Yao added, “Mr. President, get some rest early. The president of K country will visit for a state affair the day after tomorrow. You’ll be busy then. You haven’t rested well recently. Health is more important than state affairs.” 
Yanbei gestured dismissively, indicating that he understood. 
Ye Xingguang had long given up. Why should she lower herself to beg someone to buy her regret remedy? 
Now Han Chengbei was annoying her with nonstop phone calls. 
“I’m not selling it, so stop disturbing me. I’m annoyed!” Ye Xingguang replied to the repeated calls. 
Han Chengbei asked, “What’s bothering you?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to talk about it, but she ended up speaking anyway, “Do you think one can find true love in a state-arranged marriage?” 
Han Chengbei knew she was also an of state-arranged marriage and sympathized with her, “Well, according to statistics, the lottery system of the civil affairs bureau has a 99% success rate for assigned marriages. After the lottery, all the pairings are mostly successful. Just live your life in peace.” 
Crap! Considering the 10 million penalty for disengagement, the ordinary people who can’t afford the fine would obviously do their best to stay together! 
Han Chengbei regretfully said, “You should’ve found me before you went for the lot. Tell me you won’t sell me the regret remedy if I don’t marry you. I definitely would’ve married you.” 
Ye Xingguang retorted, “Quit your nonsensical chatter. I’m really annoyed with this mess. Do you think a man, who had initially dismissed our future after he drew my name, could change his mind in just a month and try to make it work with me?” 
Han Chengbei asked,”Did he see your true face after you removed your make-up?” 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!” 
Ye Xingguang defended herself, “I look great even with make-up!” 
Han Chengbei said, “It’s not comparable in men’s eyes. Trust me, men are visual creatures. If you really don’t like the state-arranged marriage, then endure it for one year. After a year, I’ll give you ten million, you can pay the fine, and then I’ll marry you. How does that sound? Then I’ll be both your husband and your manager. You’ll be in charge of the production, and I’ll handle the sales. We’ll be a couple selling regret remedies together.”
###Chapter 199: How do you know if it will work without trying!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
They couldn’t carry on a decent conversation anymore, Ye Xingguang thought about hanging up, when Han Chengbei finally got serious and asked, “Have you two slept together?” 
Ye Xingguang immediately refuted, “Of course not.” 
Han Chengbei said, “Well, that’s good. Don’t get intimate before you’re sure about the relationship. Listen to your big bro, protect yourself, and don’t give men an opportunity.” 
Ye Xingguang: “He won’t. A few days ago, he was under some medicine’s influence, and even after taking thirty baths late at night, he didn’t have any improper thoughts about me. He must be a gentleman.” 
Han Chengbei cursed over the phone, “You fool, he took thirty baths? That clearly shows he’s not interested in you. Why are you even worried about it? This man certainly doesn’t love you, I assure you. A man who likes you would never take thirty showers!” 
Ye Xingguang: “Really?” 
Han Chengbei: “Do you think I, as a man, would lie to you? A man’s body can never lie!” 
Ye Xingguang was suddenly annoyed. She didn’t like what he was implying, “But he considered my feelings, asked me to send him love messages. Maybe he values me? He didn’t coerce me into anything even after thirty baths. I think he’s not a bad guy.” 
Han Chengbei: “He’s just trying not to hurt your self-esteem. That only means he’s a gentleman and doesn’t want you to lose face, understand? This man absolutely doesn’t love you. I swear it. You should plan on marrying me.” 
“Goodbye! Don’t contact me again. We’re no longer friends!” 
Ye Xingguang was so mad that she hung up the phone immediately. If he doesn’t love her, then he doesn’t. There’s no such thing as love at first sight between a man and a woman. Love grows gradually. How would she know if they’re a match without even trying! 
On the other side, Qin Yao received orders from Yanbei to investigate the Weibo account [Regret Pill Vendor]. 
As the President’s aide-de-camp, having to investigate a Weibo account didn’t require much time. It was simply a matter of making a phone call to Weibo Support. In less than fifteen minutes, Qin Yao had the registration information of [Regret Pill Vendor]. 
Even though it was a minor issue, Qin Yao was taken aback upon seeing the registration information. 
The President’s order was to bring this person before him once found. But after reviewing the registration information, he didn’t know how to carry out the task. It was Alexander. 
After hesitating for fifteen minutes and seeing that the light in the President’s office was still on, Qin Yao summoned the courage to walk in. 
Then he asked, “Mr. President, are you sure you want [Regret Pill Vendor] brought before you?” 
Yanbei looked at Aide-de-camp Qin Yao with a deep gaze and asked, “Is there a problem?” 
Qin Yao nodded, “Yes, there is. This order is kind of stressful to execute.” 
Yanbei put down the pen in his hand, leaned back in his chair, and motioned for Qin to continue. 
All Qin Yao could do was say, “I fear bringing him to you directly is not feasible. We can only ask or invite him.” 
A person selling regret pills on Weibo, likely to be a scammer, and the Aide-de-camp was using the word “invite,” this surprised Yanbei, “Invite?” noveldrama
“Yes, only invite. But I’m not sure if I can convince him to come when I invite him.” 
Yanbei went silent for a moment before asking, “[Regret Pill Vendor], who is this person with such a big shot that even if you invite him, he might reject you?” 
Qin Yao hesitated before revealing, “It’s your grandfather, Lord Zhuo.” 
[Reminder! There is a ‘build house & get diamonds to project your love on the subway screen’ activity at the top of QQ reading book review section. Please send diamonds for this book. Even if we don’t actually get to display on the subway screen, we should make it appear like we’re trying hard to showcase our affection for our favorite characters – Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang on the subway screen. Please continue sending. Also, keep sending the recommendation tickets please]
###Chapter 200: Only Can’t Lose to Xia Yanyan!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“What did you say?” Yanbei was taken aback. 
Qin Yao directly handed the faxed information from Junxing Weibo to Yanbei, and then continued to say: 
“This is the registration information of [Grandpa-sells-regret-pills] sent by Weibo. According to the registration information, this is indeed your grandfather. So, I really don’t know if anyone other than you could convince him to come here.” 
“After all, over a decade ago, after your grandmother passed away, your grandfather left the capital and chose to retire on a sunny, flower-filled island facing the sea. Countless people have invited him to weddings or feasts, but he never attended any of them. The only time he returned to the capital was for your presidential inauguration ceremony. Besides, he once said that he did not like being disturbed. Ordinary people don’t even know which island he lives on. If I go there to invite him, how could I possibly persuade him?” 
Yanbei took the information, looked at it for a long time, then pulled out his phone and looked at the private messages with [Grandpa-sells-regret-pills]. 
He was absolutely certain; this was not his grandfather signing up on Weibo to play tricks on him. 
The person who had used his grandfather’s information to register this Weibo account should be punished! 
Anger surged in Yanbei: “Find out the phone used to login to this account, and bring the person to me immediately!” 
“Mr. President, do you mean that someone used your grandfather’s information to register on Weibo?” 
Yanbei shot Qin Yao a chilling glance: “Do you really think my grandfather, a man in his seventies, has nothing better to do than sell regret pills on Weibo?” 
Now understanding, Qin Yao immediately bowed: “I will get on it right away!” 
The next day, Ye Junqing had to go on a business trip to Country Q. Early in the morning, before Ye Xingguang had even woken up, he hopped in the car to the airport. 
Fu Zhuo noticed a small hole in his shirt, burned by a cigarette ash and was surprised: “Aren’t you wearing the same shirt as yesterday? Didn’t you change your clothes?” 
“I washed it and dried it last night.” Ye Junqing closed his eyes leisurely. 
“You wore it yesterday, washed it, and you’re wearing it again today. Don’t you have any other shirts in your closet?” 
“I like it, why does it bother you?” Ye Junqing lifted his eyelids, looked up, his gaze sweeping dangerously over the overly critical Fu Zhuo. 
Fu Zhuo: 
Just because Miss Ye gave you a shirt, you cherish it this much? 
Should I ask Miss Ye to buy another set? Otherwise, I’m afraid Ye Junqing plans on washing and drying it every night, only to put it back on the next morning. 
If you didn’t know any better, you’d think that the Ye Corporation was going bankrupt. The boss can’t even afford clothes and wears the same tattered shirt every day. 
What’s so special about this Miss Ye? 
I can’t see anything special about Miss Ye. How did she win over Ye Junqing’s heart in such a short month? This is highly unscientific! 
Ye Xingguang didn’t know that Ye Junqing had gone on a business trip. She felt that she needed some quiet time to sort out her feelings and to think about whether to post on Weibo or not. 
After thinking about it for two days, the more she thought, the more she wanted to post a selfie. Or should she just wait for Xia Yanyan to apply to the President on her birthday, and let Xia Yanyan snatch Ye Junqing from her? noveldrama
Just thinking about the triumphant face of Xia Yanyan made her furious! 
In this life, she could afford to lose to anyone, but she couldn’t stand to lose to Xia Yanyan!
###Chapter 201: Why Does The President Want to See Her? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
She had just finished work and was standing at the entrance of the television station, waiting for her driver to pick her up. Feeling a wave of confidence, she pulled out her phone to take a beautiful selfie and post it on social media to share her current state of mind. 
Before she managed to snap the picture, a car abruptly stopped in front of her, and a tall, formidable man got out and approached her. 
“Miss Ye Xingguang?” 
Ye Xingguang put away her phone: “That’s me.” 
The towering man opened his car door and said, “Please come with me.” 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “Who are you and why should I go with you?” 
The towering man, without hesitation, revealed his identity: “I am the vice officer from the President’s side, Qin Yao. You should have seen me a few days ago outside Mr. Ye Shiting’s VIP hospital room. The President wants to see you.” 
What? Why would the President want to see her? 
Today, the President of Country K was on a state visit to Country A. Wasn’t the President supposed to be showing hospitality to him? Wasn’t there a national banquet scheduled for tonight? 
A reporter from their station was even sent to cover the banquet. She hadn’t been able to secure that assignment, but Rebecca Perry had, and hadn’t missed an opportunity to flaunt this fact. 
“Miss Ye, please get in the car.” Qin Yao’s tone was icy. 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips. She clearly remembered seeing this man outside Ye Shiting’s hospital room. He wasn’t a fraud. If the President wanted to see her, was there really no room for refusal? 
After some hesitation, she got into the car. 
Sitting in the car, she felt uneasy. She took out her phone, wanting to send a message to Ye Junqing, but as soon as her phone was out, Qin Yao reached out: “Miss Ye, please give me your phone.” 
“Why?” 
“There is no why. It’s an order,” Qin Yao’s voice was purposely cold. 
Helpless, Ye Xingguang had no choice but to hand over her phone. 
Just as she handed over her phone, a pair of cold handcuffs clamped onto her wrists. 
She was startled: “What are you doing? I haven’t broken any laws! Why am I in handcuffs?” 
“Whether or not you’ve broken the law, you know in your heart. I advise Miss Ye to take advantage of this car ride to thoroughly contemplate your actions. The President is extremely busy today and doesn’t have much time to meet with you, so you can start reflecting now.” 
Ye Xingguang: 
What had she done that requires such reflection? 
This was utterly baffling! 
She did have the means to escape the handcuffs and flee through the window, but one can’t run from their own actions. Not to mention, she had no clue what she had done wrong! 
The car finally pulled up at the Presidential office. 
The office was particularly lively today due to the national banquet. A steady stream of influential officials had begun to arrive for the event, and luxury cars were parked in the office’s parking lot. 
Just as she stepped out of the car, Ye Xingguang spotted Xia Yanyan. 
In stark contrast to herself in custody, Xia Yanyan was being treated like a star, surrounded by bodyguards as she alighted from her car. noveldrama
She was dressed in a high-end custom-made gown, her hair intricately styled, and she looked utterly charming in the sunset light. 
Even Qin Yao, who was holding Ye Xingguang, couldn’t help but glance a few more times at Xia Yanyan, and even took the initiative to greet her: “Miss Xia, you’re here. You look exceptionally beautiful today. I’m sure your performance on the water stage tonight will dazzle the delegation from country K.” 
Xia Yanyan was a national treasure, a national mascot, a national symbol. She always had a reserved performance slot during major events, typically singing at the water music hall of the Presidential office. 
Xia Yanyan smiled charmingly, her haughty gaze landing on the handcuffed wrist of Ye Xingguang. She couldn’t help but chuckle with surprise: “Mr. Qin, what’s going on? Why is Miss Ye handcuffed? Did she commit a crime?”
###Chapter 202: Ye Xingguang, Who Gave You the Courage?_1 
Translator: 549690339 noveldrama
“Indeed, I’ve screwed up.” Qin Yao didn’t say much. 
After greeting Xia Yanyan, Qin Yao’s serious expression returned, demanding of Ye Xingguang, “Over here.” 
Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth, seething at Xia Yanyan’s smug and gloating gaze. Angrily, she impulsively followed Qin Yao’s steps. 
In the end, she was confined to a rest area by Qin Yao. 
Qin Yao said, “The President will be busy and will come to question you when he has time. Reflect on your actions, and be honest when he questions you so as not to waste the President’s time.” 
Angered, Ye Xingguang retorted, “What exactly have I done? You should tell me clearly first. Otherwise, even if it’s the President, I won’t take this lying down!” 
It was absurd. They had hauled her over here to be ridiculed by Xia Yanyan. How was she supposed to save face? 
Looking down at her from a position of authority, Qin Yao pointed out coldly, “Stealing someone else’s information, registering Weibo accounts and scamming others on Weibo — though not particularly serious, you, Miss Ye, chose quite daringly who to steal from.” 
Furious, Ye Xingguang shouted, “Whose information did I steal? Don’t think you can frame me just because you’re the deputy general to the President! Without evidence, I’ll sue the President for framing me! Don’t think I’ll be scared because he is the President!” 
“Still denying?” 
Qin Yao took out a piece of A4 paper from her pocket, spread it out in front of Ye Xingguang, showing her the registration information for the Weibo account [Regret Pill Specialist], “Are you using this Weibo account?” 
Ye Xingguang took a glance, and felt a sense of unease. Had the President found out that she had been selling Regret Pills? 
Looking at her guilty appearance, Qin Yao coldly asked, “Do you know Zhuo Yuxiu, the user whose information you stole?” 
Doesn’t he suspect her of selling Regret Pills? 
Uncertain, Ye Xingguang responded, “My grandfather, what’s wrong?” 
Qin Yao laughed, “Your grandfather? You’ve really got quite a nerve. What sort of good karma did you accumulate in your past life that allows you to call yourself the granddaughter of Old Master Zhuo? Do you even know what sort of man he is, and yet you dare to falsely claim him as kin?” 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, “He may not be my biological grandfather, but he’s the one I consider as such, and which law says I can’t do that?” 
Qin Yao, wearing a stern face, “It appears you plan to remain unrepentant? And won’t change unless you hit a wall? In that case, let me tell you, you’ve cheated someone on Weibo with your Regret Pills. Do you know who that was?” 
“Who did I cheat? I run a legitimate small business. Is it a crime to sell candy called Regret Pills?” 
Whenever she thought a customer on Weibo didn’t deserve her real Regret Pills she would send them a link to buy candy named Regret Pills. Even though this invariably ended in being scolded and called a scammer, was such a small thing worth the President leading a charge? 
Faced with her attitude, Qin Yao had to realize she was stubborn. “You cheated the President! You sold your Regret Pills to the President, Ye Xingguang, you’re quite bold.” 
Ye Xingguang was stunned, “What? You’re talking nonsense! When did I sell Regret Pills to the President?” 
Qin Yao reprimanded sternly, “Not only did you sell your Regret Pills to the President, you dared to register a Weibo account with information stolen from his grandfather, and then scammed the President. Ye Xingguang, where did you get such nerve?”
###Chapter 203: Give it to her, let her make a call_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips and stayed silent, trying hard to remember when she had sold regret pills to the President? 
Wait a minute, 
“Are you saying that my Grandpa Zhuo is the grandfather of the President?” 
Is this information that explosive? 
Grandpa Zhuo never told her that he had a grandson who was the President! 
Qin Yao looked at her scornfully: “Are you scared now? How dare you call out for Grandpa Zhuo, can you just claim a relationship with the Zhuo family just like that? This matter has already annoyed the President. You’d better think about it, can you bear the wrath of the President?” 
“So, what is the President’s Weibo nickname?” 
There were too many people sending her private messages to buy regret pills every day, who knows what fake name the President was using? 
Could it be… 
Ye Xingguang brainstormed for a while, was it the buyer she had blocked? 
His wife lost their child and ended up infertile, similar to the First Lady’s situation. 
Qin Yao remained silent with a stern face. 
Qin Yao didn’t expect the President to have a burner account like a 3-year-old to buy regret pills, he was utterly shocked. 
But as for the President’s behavior, Qin Yao didn’t dare to criticize and had to cover up for him. 
Qin Yao narrowed his eyes dangerously, warning, “If you dare to leak a word about the President’s affairs, beware of your life!” noveldrama
“Don’t worry, I won’t reveal a single word, but you’d better remove my handcuffs right now, otherwise, you are in for a treat! Don’t think I’m easy to push around!” 
Humph, so the President was disgruntled because she blacklisted him, so he found her? 
Is this how someone begs for help? 
Qin Yao smirked. This woman, who had saved Ye Shiting and hailed by netizens as the fire girl, is just a small internet celebrity! 
Even at this point, she dared to be this confident? 
“I suggest you better stay here and reflect!” 
Having said that, Qin Yao walked straight out. 
Just as he opened the door of the lounge, he bumped into someone coming in. Seeing it was the President, he immediately stepped back. 
When Yanbei came in and saw the girl sitting there was Ye Xingguang, he was taken aback, “It’s her?” 
Qin Yao nodded. “Yes, Mr. President, I’ve conducted the interrogation that needed to be done. But this Ye Xingguang, she refuses to admit her mistakes. I think she should be detained for a few days to clear her head. Otherwise, she won’t realize her arrogance. She even dared to use Lord Zhuo’s name, claiming that she is the goddaughter of Lord Zhuo.” 
At these words, Ye Xingguang crossed her legs and snorted. 
“Lord Zhuo is indeed my godfather. If you don’t believe it, let me make a call to Lord Zhuo and let him clear things up.” 
Yanbei waved his hand, indicating for Qin Yao to step back. 
Ye Xingguang immediately said, “Wait, my phone is with him. First give me back my phone, I want to call Grandpa Zhuo and tell him that his grandson’s lackeys are bullying me! The only thing I’m good at is holding a grudge!” 
Yanbei raised his eyebrow, “Where’s her phone.” 
“Here.” 
“Give it to her, let her make the call.” 
Qin Yao wanted to say, Mister President, why would you believe her nonsense, but then he thought, why not, and handed the phone back, curious to see how she’s going to embarrass herself. 
Ye Xingguang seemed to know what Qin Yao was thinking, with a calm demeanor, she unlocked her phone, opened WeChat, found Grandpa Zhuo’s WeChat ID, and made a video call.
###Chapter 204: Yanbei, How Dare You Bully My Granddaughter!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
But no one answered his call, which frustrated Ye Xingguang. Grandpa Zhuo, aren’t you spoiling me? Don’t let me down. Otherwise, the President will lock me up. I’m so pitiful! 
Qin Yao brought a chair over, “Mr Yanbei, please sit.” 
Yanbei nodded and as soon as he sat down, Qin Yao said “Miss Ye, haven’t been able to make the call yet? Stop pretending.” 
“Who’s pretending? Grandpa Zhuo must be busy and didn’t hear his phone ringing. He didn’t usually like to carry his phone around. Maybe he went fishing and left his phone at home. Let me try again.” 
But when Ye Xingguang made the call again, nobody answered it. 
Qin Yao poured a cup of tea and handed it to Yanbei. 
After taking a few sips of tea, Yanbei looked at Ye Xingguang. 
In a panic, Ye Xingguang tried to make a WeChat call to Uncle Li, who often accompanied Grandpa Zhuo fishing. Maybe they were together at the moment. 
This time, the call was quickly answered. 
As soon as the call connected, Uncle Li’s laughter came through the video, “Xingguang, so you finally remembered me, huh?” 
“Uncle Li, are you with Grandpa Zhuo?” 
“Yes, we are. What’s the matter?” 
“I need to speak to Grandpa Zhuo.” 
Before Uncle Li on the other side of the phone could hand the phone to Grandpa Zhuo, Ye Xingguang started wailing loudly, “Grandpa! Grandpa! Help me!” 
She was being overly dramatic. 
Grandpa Zhuo was fishing on the beach. Her yelling nearly broke his heart. “My precious granddaughter, what’s the matter? Don’t cry, don’t cry. Tell grandpa what happened.” 
“Wah, Grandpa Zhuo, someone said I have the audacity to pretend and declare myself as your granddaughter. He even asked me if I knew your true identity. He accused me of being reckless and oblivious to my place. He even locked me up! Look, my hands are handcuffed.” 
She adjusted the camera angle hoping that Grandpa Zhuo on the other side of the video could see the handcuffs on her wrists. noveldrama
Upon hearing this, Grandpa Zhuo instantly put down his fishing rod, he appeared to be furious, “Who dares to handcuff you?” 
Ye Xingguang quickly turned the phone toward Yanbei who was sitting in the chair drinking tea. She then accused him outright, as she felt wronged and indignant, “It’s him!” 
Though Grandpa Zhuo is in a video call, but upon seeing his grandson, Yanbei, calmly drinking tea, he was taken aback for a moment. The next second, his voice with a hint of anger came from the phone, “Yanbei!” 
“Grandpa?” Yanbei almost dropped the teacup out of surprise. 
Qin Yao, who was respectfully standing next to Yanbei, rubbed his eyes repeatedly, he couldn’t believe that the old man in the Chinese tunic suit in the video was actually Grandpa Zhuo. Was he seeing things? 
Yanbei had placed the teacup aside and stood up, he took the phone from Ye Xingguang, “Grandpa, how have you been?” 
Grandpa Zhuo, trying to contain his anger, said, “What is going on? Why did you handcuff my granddaughter?” 
He had a granddaughter whom even he didn’t know about? 
But he kept this thought to himself, “Grandpa, there’s been a misunderstanding. Miss Ye used your ID to open a Weibo account, so I asked her to come over for questioning.” 
Grandpa Zhuo didn’t care whether it was a misunderstanding or not, his voice resounded authoritatively, “What do you mean she stole anything? The Weibo account [RegretsRUs] is mine, which I had someone register for my granddaughter. You dare to handcuff my granddaughter over this? Yanbei, now that you are the President, you think you can bully my granddaughter!”
###Chapter 205: If anyone dares to bully her, I will be the first to settle the account with you!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Yanbei was scolded till his head swam, found himself speechless, and had no option but to allow Qin Yao to take the blame. “Grandpa, I really didn’t order her to be handcuffed. The subordinates were too harsh. I’ll do some self-criticism, so don’t be mad.” 
Then, Yanbei gave Qin Yao a look. 
Qin Yao was stupefied but quickly bowed an apology to the video screen. “President Chu, it’s all my fault. I am unlocking Miss Ye’s handcuffs now. Please, calm down.” 
The old President Chu wouldn’t buy any of it. 
“You should be apologizing to someone else, not me!” 
Qin Yao rushed over to Ye Xingguang, took out a key from his trouser pocket and unlocked her handcuffs. 
“Miss Ye, I am sorry for the misunderstanding. I hope you won’t hold against me the words I spoke earlier.” 
“You think I’m that generous?” Freed from her shackles, Ye Xingguang rubbed her sore wrist and glared at Qin Yao. 
Then she walked over to Yanbei, leaned over and waved at President Chu on the screen. “Grandpa Chu, I’m fine now.” 
The anger in President Chu’s voice didn’t recede, he glared at his grandson, “If you dare to bully my granddaughter again, forget about recognizing me as your grandfather!” 
Yanbei helplessly agreed, “Grandpa, don’t be angry anymore.” 
President Chu wasn’t interested in what Yanbei had said, and switched his attention to his granddaughter, “My good granddaughter, I have scolded them for you. They won’t dare to bully you again. Does your wrist hurt?” 
“Grandpa, it doesn’t hurt. How many fishes have you caught? I want to taste the fish you cook yourself. No one cooks fish better than you,” Ye Xingguang sweetly said. 
President Chu was coaxed into smiling widely. “If you want to eat, come back home. I’ll cook for you myself.” 
“Alright then. When I get a chance, I’ll come back. Grandpa, you have to cook two fishes for me. I was really scared tonight.” 
The old and young continued to chat about their family life, leaving Yanbei out. 
Standing beside Yanbei, Qin Yao asked in a low voice, “Sir, is the old man in the video really your grandfather? Isn’t your grandfather notoriously difficult to approach? But the old man in the video seems quite friendly. He even cooks himself. I suppose you’ve never tasted the fish cooked by President Chu?” 
Yanbei gave Qin Yao a sideways glance. Such nonsense made him question if he was adopted. 
Ye Xingguang spoke to President Chu on her phone for quite a while, before waving her hand, “Grandpa, you can go on fishing. Uncle Li, goodbye.” 
Ha, the neighbors on the island are always great. As long as she’s in good spirits and cheerful with them, they always make her feel at home, like her closest family members. 
Just as she was about to end the video, President Chu’s forceful voice came through again, “Yanbei, you had better take good care of my granddaughter. If anyone dares to bully her in the capital, you’ll have to answer to me!” noveldrama
Yanbei rubbed his forehead. “Yes, Grandpa.” 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes at Qin Yao. “Now you believe me?” 
Qin Yao, standing aside, felt incredibly awkward. 
Who would have thought that a small web star recognized President Chu as her god-grandfather! 
This great fortune… 
“Miss Ye, I didn’t recognize your importance earlier.” 
Qin Yao had to apologize again. 
“Hah, know your place,” Ye Xingguang waved her hand, very domineering. 
The vice officer of the president, Qin Yao, 
Ye Xingguang noticed Qin Yao seemed to take great offense, “What, you want to stay and apologize formally with three kneels and nine bows? Forget it, I’ve always known that it’s easier to make peace with a king than to entangle with a devil, so I won’t lower myself to your level. You can go. I have other things to discuss with your Mr. President.”
###Chapter 206: Meeting Me is a Turning Point in Your Life_1 
Translator: 549690339 
This woman, she’s so arrogant! 
Qin Yao inquired about Yanbei’s intentions. 
Yanbei gestured and Qin Yao bowed and withdrew. 
Yanbei curiously scrutinized Ye Xingguang, asking in a stern voice: “How did you become my grandfather’s adopted granddaughter?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t answer, she arrogantly sat down, her arms resting on the back of the chair, legs crossed and shaking: “If it weren’t for the fact that you are Grandpa Zhuo’s direct grandson, I wouldn’t even bother with you now.” 
Yanbei glanced at her presumptuous sitting position and chuckled. 
Ye Xingguang was annoyed, and there was no reason for her to be respectful to the President – after all, she wasn’t the one who needed something from him, was she? 
However, she never dreamt that she would sell a magic pill of regret to a president of a country. The thought was rather invigorating. 
Yanbei lit a cigarette, took a few drags in silence before asking, “What’s this about selling pills of regret?” noveldrama
If it turned out that grandfather had someone set up a Weibo account for him to sell magic pills, Yanbei would have to take it seriously. An unrealistic fantasy welled up in his heart – perhaps this woman could really help him. 
“First, pour me a cup of tea to soothe my throat, then I’ll tell you,” she said. 
Yanbei arched an eyebrow. This woman indeed had the audacity, yet as he needed something from her, he humbled himself and personally poured her a cup of tea – consider it the President’s apology. 
Ye Xingguang took the cup of tea offered by the President and finally exhaled in satisfaction. 
After taking a sip, she said, “Since you are Grandpa Zhuo’s grandson, I’ll cut to the chase. It’s as you thought – my magic pill offers a chance to turn things around. Isn’t the desire to purchase my pill of regret indicative of wanting the impossible, a second chance at past regrets?” 
“Will it really offer a second chance?” 
It was unclear whether Yanbei was questioning her or questioning himself. 
As the saying goes, a life with regret is a real life – a real life that can render even the most powerful person powerless. 
Thinking of the child that died before it was-born, Yanbei was consumed with grief. 
He understands Ting Nan’s hatred. The loss of their child was a wound that Ting Nan could not heal. 
He had heard Ting Nan crying and talking in her sleep numerous times, calling out to the baby, saying she was sorry… 
Ye Xingguang brazenly stated, “Why not? Your encounter with me could be your chance to make things right.” 
Yanbei laughed – a laugh filled with guilt towards his wife. 
He might be a good President, but he was not a good husband. He had been fair to everyone, except his wife. 
“Let’s put it this way, I can take you back to before the First Lady lost her child. You’ll have the chance to save the child she was carrying. Does it sound like a fairy tale? However, if you buy one of my pills of regret, I can turn this fairy tale into reality.” 
Unless she remembered it wrong, the reason the First Lady lost her child was due to her kidnapping by a foreign extremist armed faction. 
The foreign extremists wanted to use the First Lady to force the President to agree to a foreign policy that would harm the interests of their country. The President, prioritizing the country’s interests, refused to yield to the extremists’ demands. 
Although the President personally led the troops to eliminate these extremists in the end, the First Lady was kept in a water-filled underground cell by the extremists. By the time the President found her, she had been soaked for far too long, caught a severe chill and lost the child.
###Chapter 207: Just Give Me A Privilege_1 
Translator: 549690339 
It’s unfortunate, really, as I heard that the First Lady lost her ability to reproduce after this incident. 
If the President is willing, Ye Xingguang is open to mending fences by helping him save that innocent life. 
Yanbei leaned back in his chair, puffing out a ring of smoke. Through the hazy mist, he mumbled to himself, “Go back to before Ting Nan lost the child?” 
“Exactly, the First Lady lost her child because she was left too long in the water prison. You didn’t know she was locked down there at the time. It took you a while to find her, the delay cost the child. But now you know. If you go back to that time, get the First Lady out of the water prison straight away, I believe there may be a chance to save your child with the First Lady. You want to give it a try?” noveldrama
With a frosty expression, Yanbei remained silent. This sounded like a fairy tale. How was he supposed to go back? 
Was it possible to reverse time? 
Yet this girl, with her grandfather backing her, didn’t seem like a con artist. 
Yanbei pondered for a long while, “How can I try?” 
Ye Xingguang snapped her fingers, “Ah, here comes the crucial part. This is when you need me, the provider of the regret remedy. No more nonsense, give me a special privilege, and I will give you the regret remedy that can save your marriage and your child.” 
In an instant, Ye Xingguang decided on what benefits she would seek for herself. 
If the Broad Medical Research Institute didn’t need sponsorship for the time being, she wouldn’t seek it. But she was in desperate need of a special privilege, one that could suppress Xia Yanyan. Otherwise, she would always feel unsettled. 
Yanbei, with his clear eyes, looked at Ye Xingguang, “What special privilege?” 
Ye Xingguang pondered, “A privilege no one can snatch my man from me!” 
Yanbei raised his eyebrows, almost laughing, “The law already protects such rights.” 
“Sometimes the law cannot protect you. For instance, some person uses their special privilege, takes the man she fancies without shame. I want a special privilege, if any shameless woman tries to steal my man, her special privilege would be nullified! To put it simply, when Xia Yanyan uses her special privilege to pick up any man she wants, should she fancy my man, then her privilege negates mine, rendering hers null. Is that clear now?” 
Suddenly, Yanbei rediscovered his presidential demeanor, his majestic aura restored. Legs casually crossed, leaning back in his chair, he looked at Ye Xingguang who was deep in her predicament, “Has Xia Yanyan taken a liking to your man?” 
“Oh, I was just giving an example to explain what kind of special privilege I want.” 
Unfortunately, Yanbei replied, “I can’t grant you that privilege. Xia Yanyan’s privilege is bestowed by the state, even as the President, I can’t interfere with that. I advise you to secure your happiness by marrying your man as soon as possible. Once you’re married, even if Xia Yanyan fancies him, she can’t snatch him away.” 
Ye Xingguang blurted out in exasperation, “Nonsense, If I could get married, I wouldn’t need to ask you for a special privilege, would I?” 
As for marrying that big mess Ye Junqing, not in her wildest dreams! 
With Xia Yanyan’s birthday just around the corner, she and Ye Junqing are just in the initial ‘give it a try’ phase! 
Ye Xingguang had no choice but to pin her hopes on Yanbei, “Is it really not possible? Think about your marriage. Think about your child. This deal won’t leave you worse off or cheated. Just grant me one special privilege, and I shall become the beacon of hope for your unborn child!”
###Chapter 208: Even if it Costs my Life, I Won’t Hesitate _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Yanbei left no room for negotiation, “I can only provide what you want on my personal behalf, but I’m sorry, I can’t use the president’s authority for personal gains. This is a matter of principle.” 
“What a selfless and noble president you are.” A sentence suddenly broke out in the resting room. 
The tone was melodious, the remark sarcastic, but it wasn’t Ye Xingguang who said it. It was the president’s wife, Ye Tingnan. 
Ye Tingnan had been in the resting room all the time, just hiding in the bathroom of the resting room, so nobody noticed her. 
Hearing their conversation, Ye Tingnan came out of the bathroom. Her v-neck evening dress wrapped up to her feet, making her look especially charming. 
“Ting Nan.” Yanbei stood up unexpectedly. 
Ye Tingnan didn’t look at Yanbei, she just walked towards Ye Xingguang. 
“Miss Ye, expecting a president who, for the sake of national interest, wouldn’t compromise even when his wife was threatened and eventually lost his child, to give you special privileges, is like expecting me. As long as I can save my child, even if it costs my life, I wouldn’t hesitate at all. If there’s truly a remedy for regret in this world, please sell it to me.” 
Ye Xingguang: 
She didn’t want to get involved in the couple’s affairs. 
Ye Tingnan went on, “The biggest regret of my life is marrying him. He’s a competent president, but an incompetent husband. I should’ve been like the citizens, watch him from afar, not allowing myself to gaze upon him closely. Perhaps that way, his image would remain perfect in my heart.” 
The more apologetic Yanbei felt inwardly, the more assertive he was outwardly. He pulled Ye Tingnan into his arms directly, “Ting Nan, don’t say that.” 
“Let me go.” Three years have passed, but Ye Tingnan still couldn’t get over losing their child. 
Yanbei felt helpless but refused to let go. 
Their relationship was already stiff to the extreme. Outside of important occasions requiring the first lady, Ting Nan no longer paid him any mind. But she was the woman he deeply loved, “Listen to me…” 
“What is there to say? To boast about how impartial you are, by sacrificing your own family for the sake of national interest? Yanbei, I’m not unreasonable, nor do I think there’s a problem with your selflessness. All I want… is my child! Why can’t you give Miss Ye special privileges, who does it harm? Xia Yanyan? So what if she’s a national treasure? Isn’t my child a life too? Is our child worthless?” By the end of her speech, her voice choked out. 
Yanbei, with a broken heart, pulled her closer, “You know that even as president, it’s impossible for me to grant her that privilege.” 
“Right, you can’t. But even if you could, you wouldn’t. Yanbei, that’s just who you are, putting national interest above all else. You’re clearly not a good husband, why can’t I just hate you?” 
Ye Tingnan violently broke free from Yanbei’s grasp. She despised herself for being this way, wanting to hate him but not being able to. 
Because even she understood, he had done nothing wrong. He was just a good president, how can she blame him? noveldrama
All she wanted now was divorce, to distance herself from him, and no longer hurt each other. 
As Ye Xingguang sat aside, maintaining peace of mind, she didn’t want their relationship to deteriorate any further, so she spoke up, “Well, considering Grandfather Zhuo’s feelings, how about we change the terms? You don’t need to grant privileges, just consider me like a sister. No matter what dilemma I encounter in the future, you must protect me like you would a sister. Is that alright?”
###Chapter 209: Oh no, my big cousin, you’re so awesome!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Having the president as your adoptive brother is a powerful ally, even after he steps down from office. Given Yanbei’s prestige and influence, isn’t this better than giving money directly? 
Before Yanbei could speak, Ye Tingnan excitedly blurted out, “Ms. Ye, if you can save my child, as of today, you’ll be my blood sister!” 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but laugh, and nodded, “OK, deal.” 
With that, she opened her handbag. In it was a ready-made regret pill, which she had cried out a few days ago and prepared to give to a destined person. For Grandpa Zhuo’s sake, she would give it to his great-grandson to secure his future great-grandchild. 
“Here you go, big cousin.” Ye Xingguang was quick to adapt to the new family titles. 
While cradling Ye Tingnan in one arm, Yanbei took the small blue velvet box Ye Xingguang handed to him with the other hand. 
Ye Tingnan opened the small velvet box to reveal a silver-white sphere, which was as clear and lustrous as a pearl. “Is this the regret pill? Isn’t it just an ordinary pellet?” he asked. 
Sitting down, Ye Xingguang shook her leg leisurely. “Trust me, I’m your savior.” 
Yanbei: 
Ye Tingnan: 
Ye Xingguang ignored the way the President and First Lady looked at her as if she were amusing entertainment. She continued casually, “Big sister-in-law, prepare a cup of warm water for your husband so he can swallow this pellet.” 
Yanbei and Ye Tingnan looked skeptical. 
Digging out her phone again, Ye Xingguang threatened, “You’re really going to make me call Grandpa Zhuo again to vouch for me?”” 
“Why don’t we just give it a try?” 
Reluctant to let his grandfather know about his family issues, Yanbei let go of Ye Tingnan and instructed, “Go fetch me a cup of hot water.” noveldrama
“What if this pellet doesn’t digest after I swallow it?” Ye Tingnan had her concerns. 
Yanbei said, “You’ve already decided to divorce me. Why care whether it digests or not? It doesn’t matter. If I die from this, at least I can make up for our baby’s death. Maybe then you’ll be able to forgive me.” 
Oh wow, my big cousin sure is cool! 
Ye Tingnan stared at Yanbei, “You deserve it if it kills you!” 
But she went to fetch a cup of hot water anyway. 
“Big cousin, after you swallow the regret pill, you have to concentrate your mind and think back to the moment you wish the most to return to. However, note that you only have an hour to change your fate. As for the outcome… well, it’s still in your hands.” 
Yanbei gazed at the silver-white regret pill, and took the warm water. Furrowing his brows, he said, “I need an hour? I can’t take it just yet. There’s a state dinner outside that needs me to attend. I’ll take it afterwards.” 
“Oh, you don’t need to worry about that. What I meant was that you can only return to the past for an hour. The past and present run on different timelines. No matter how many hours you spend in the past, it won’t impact the present. The moment you change the past, the next second, everything in the present will also change. Whether the state dinner will still be happening by then, we can’t be sure of.” 
Yanbei understood, “Going back to the past to change my fate will trigger the butterfly effect?” 
Ye Xingguang replied, “Not really. Based on others’ experiences with the regret pill, the butterfly effect it creates only tends to affect the user and the people who are close to them while having virtually no influence on everyone else. This is why I can sell the regret pill with my mind at ease. It minimises the impact of the butterfly effect as much as possible so that it barely changes anybody else’s life trajectory. The state dinner might still go ahead; we’ll see…”
###Chapter 210: The Moment to Witness the Miracle has Arrived_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Moreover, the participants in this will retain their memories, such as me, such as you, my dear elder cousin, and the elder cousin’s wife.” 
“If the elder cousin’s wife did not show up in the rest area tonight and did not participate in this, she would not retain her memory. Perhaps if you altered fate and saved the child, she would always believe that she had never lost the child. However…” 
Ye Xingguang paused before continuing, “Now that the elder cousin’s wife has participated in this, the pain of once losing a child will forever be preserved in her memory, never to disappear.” 
A clear look of regret appeared on Yanbei’s face. 
However, Ye Tingnan spoke up, “No regret. I need to remember. I’m glad I remember. Otherwise, I would be unaware that in his heart, I and our child are not the most important!” 
Ye Xingguang looked sympathetically at President. It seemed his elder cousin had a long way to go to win back his wife. noveldrama
Getting back to the subject, Ye Xingguang said, “Elder cousin, let’s start. After consuming the Pill of Regret, focus your mind. Your spiritual force will go back to the past self at that moment, saving your little cousin or cousin’s daughter. After an hour has passed, which is the next minute from now, your mental power will return. Whether everything can be saved, the elder cousin’s wife and I will know the next second.” 
At this, Ye Tingnan unconsciously clenched her fists. Would everything really be resolved in the next minute? 
She dared not believe that she would become a mother in the next minute. 
Yanbei nodded, his gaze gentle and passionate as he looked at Ye Tingnan, and spoke in a strained voice, “Tingnan, if I can save our child, you cannot divorce me. Do you hear me?” 
Ye Tingnan pressed her lips together tightly, without making a sound. 
Seeing her refusal to respond, Yanbei said sternly, “If you still wish to divorce, it would be better not to bring ruin to the child. If we can’t provide the child with a complete family, then why bring them into this world?” 
“Just go and save the child!” Ye Tingnan didn’t want to hear his nonsense. 
However, Yanbei continued spiritedly, “If this pill chokes me to death, even if you remarry in the future, you should reserve a place for me in your heart, otherwise, I will never let you go, even if I’m a ghost.” 
Ye Tingnan glared at him, “Who said I’m going to remarry! If you can’t save our child, I won’t forgive you for the rest of my life.” 
Yanbei’s handsome eyes brightened, “So, if I save the child, we won’t divorce, right?” 
Impatient, Ye Tingnan kicked Yanbei. 
Yanbei laughed then, extending his arm to pull Ye Tingnan closer. He expressed his love with a deep kiss on her forehead, then placed the silver-white bead into his mouth, took a sip of boiled water, and sat down on the chair, closing his eyes in concentration. 
Ye Xingguang said, “Elder cousin’s wife, let’s get out of here so we don’t disturb elder cousin.” 
Ye Tingnan’s heart was anxious and uneasy. Was she really going to have a child? She was too jittery at the moment. 
After leaving the rest area with Ye Xingguang, Ye Tingnan invited him to the state banquet hall. 
The semi-open state banquet hall had a grand evening performance. At this moment, Xia Yanyan was in the water music hall, perched on a giant rock in the water, swinging her beautiful fishtail, holding a microphone and singing… 
However, Ye Tingnan wasn’t in the mood to listen to the performance. She invited Ye Xingguang to sit at her spot. Not yet at the First Lady’s position, her mind was suddenly flooded with many memories. 
Those memories flickered past like a slideshow in her mind, until she heard a “wah-” sound. She involuntarily covered her mouth. Was that the cry of a newborn?
###Chapter 211: Mom, Mom……_1 
Translator: 549690339 
She couldn’t believe it, but tears rolled down her face almost instantly. 
Yes, that was the cry of a newborn baby. In her mind, she saw herself in the delivery room, hearing the baby’s cry and then fainting from exhaustion. 
When she awoke again, Yanbei was holding a small baby next to her pillow, softly stroking her face and saying, “Tingnan, look at our daughter. Shall we call her Yan Zhenxi?” 
Zhenxi… 
Ye Tingnan liked this name; she was moved to tears. 
Snapping back from her new memory, Ye Tingnan excitedly hugged Ye Xingguang: “We did it, we did it! Yanbei saved little Zhenxi. It’s a girl.” 
The new memories told her that Yanbei had stormed to the water cell immediately, pulling her from the icy water and rushing her to the hospital where he kept rubbing her hands, hugging her tightly to keep her warm… 
Then, she was able to save their child. Months later, despite a difficult labor, she gave birth to a healthy little girl. 
“Really?” Ye Xingguang was also very excited. 
Ye Tingnan kept wiping the corners of her eyes, but she couldn’t wipe away the tears of overwhelming joy. After their embrace, Ye Tingnan still covered her mouth in excitement, then nodded vigorously. Words of gratitude failed her: “Miss Ye, how could I ever thank you?” 
Ye Xingguang said, “Just look out for me in the future. I truly consider you my sister-in-law.” 
Then, a heavenly voice appeared next to the two of them: “Mommy, mommy…” 
A lovely two-and-a-half-year-old toddler was held in Yanbei’s strong arms. He stood up from the president’s chair, and the man whose destiny was rewritten carried the freshly baked little girl towards Ye Tingnan. 
Upon hearing the toddler call her ‘mommy,’ the hardness in Yanbei’s heart melted inwardly. 
Even now, Yanbei somewhat found it hard to believe that the lovely creature in his arms was his daughter with Tingnan. 
The only thing he remembered was swallowing the pill of regret and finding himself back at the moment when he had wiped out the foreign extremist forces with his army. 
Instead of ordering people to look for Tingnan like a headless chicken, he rushed straight to the water cell and saved her, taking her to the hospital. 
Just after he left Tingnan at the hospital, he felt a powerful force pulling him back. When he opened his eyes again, he was sitting in the presidential seat at the state banquet, holding a lovely little baby who was playing with his broad hand. 
Additional memories began to overflow in his mind… 
Ye Tingnan was going crazy, her new memories telling her that the child in Yanbei’s arms was her little Zhenxi! 
Her little face was pink and tender, so fair it looked like it could break at the touch. Her grape-like eyes blinked, her eyelashes longer than those of a doll. Each blink softened Ye Tingnan’s heart. 
Ye Tingnan couldn’t control her trembling, excited steps towards Yanbei, her voice shaky as she said, “Yanbei, this…” noveldrama
Yanbei handed the precious bundle in his arms to Ye Tingnan. He sighed with relief. He had never held a child before, fearing that holding her too tightly would hurt her, or that holding her too loosely might drop her. Now he understood the saying, “you fear dissolving it when it’s in your mouth and dropping it when it’s in your hands.” 
He had dealt with so many tricky situations in his life, none had been more difficult than holding his daughter. Holding her in his arms, his heart was clenched in fear. This was the hardest thing he’d ever done.
###Chapter 212: Your Remaining Life has been Reserved!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
When it comes to holding children, Ye Tingnan doesn’t feel any better than Yanbei, equally at a loss. The moment the little sweetheart hung her chubby arms around her neck, Ye Tingnan’s heart felt like it might melt. 
“Mommy, mommy, why are you crying? Blow, blow, and you won’t cry, oops.” 
Little Zhenxi didn’t understand the feelings of adults, but she knew that when you feel pain, you’ll cry, and after you cry, you’re supposed to blow on it. So, she blew at her mommy’s face, which was simply heartwarmingly cute. 
At this, Ye Tingnan’s tears flowed even more vehemently. 
She wiped her tears in vain: “Okay, mommy won’t cry, mommy won’t cry.” 
But the mist in her eyes, no matter how hard she tried, just couldn’t be dry. noveldrama
Yanbei, comprehending her emotions, pulled her into his arms and directly led her away from the banquet hall. 
After the family of three left, Ye Xingguang was left alone, uncertain where to sit. 
Then, Qin Yao approached, “Excuse me, are you Miss Ye? ” 
The same Qin Yao who’s just handcuffed her was asking her this question now, Ye Xingguang raised an eyebrow: “Yes.” 
“The President has asked me to arrange a seat for you, please come with me.” Qin Yao behaved as if she were a stranger, polite and respectful. 
Ye Xingguang pouted, her mind filled with new memories. The new memories told her that she wasn’t brought to the President’s house by Qin Yao, but invited by the President to attend the national banquet. As for her other life trajectory, nothing had changed. 
Indeed, the butterfly effect, small yet profound. 
Ye Xingguang took her assigned seat, feeling happy for President’s family, yet couldn’t help feeling melancholic. 
So many people who’ve taken the regret pill, have finally made up for the regrets in their lives, so why was it that she, after taking the regret pill, couldn’t save Qin Junye, no matter what? Young man, why were you so stubborn? 
I’m not your beloved girl. We met by chance, and yet you insisted on risking your life for this. It’s just not worth it! 
Feeling heartbroken, Ye Xingguang picked up her glass and drank to drown her sorrows. 
Then, she took out her mobile phone and posted a message in her “Moments”: [I wish I could exchange my remaining life for your rebirth, but unfortunately, you’re as stubborn as a bull.] 
In country Q, Ye Junqing, who had nothing to do every day, would browse Weibo. He didn’t see a selfie posted by Ye Xingguang, but in her “Moments”, he saw her status update. 
Immediately, his face darkened as if a jar of vinegar had been knocked over. 
Little Mermaid, was she thinking about Qin Junye who saved her ten years ago again? 
Humph, her remaining life was his, even if others lined up, it wasn’t their turn! 
Unable to control his temper, Ye Junqing left a comment under her post: [Your remaining life has been pre-ordered!] 
Ye Xingguang was engrossed in her “Moments” when she suddenly saw Ye Junqing’s comment. Her heart jumped. What did he mean by saying her remaining life had been pre-ordered? By whom? 
In her heart, she couldn’t help but think wildly, could it be, he was referring to himself? 
Ye Xingguang could hardly contain her joy as she stared at the comment for a long while. She wanted to screenshot it, but when she refreshed the screen, the comment was gone. What happened, did her eyes play tricks on her? 
Ye Xingguang rubbed her eyes and refreshed the page again and found a new comment. 
The comment read: [Woman, your remaining life has been pre-ordered, you can’t just go around exchanging it!] 
Ye Xingguang: 
Stinky man, acting like an overbearing CEO, causing all her fleeting joy to disappear. She only wanted to roll her eyes now. She jabbed at her phone screen and replied: [What are you jabbering about? Your remaining life is the one that’s been pre-ordered!]
###Chapter 213: If you disagree, why don’t you sing one for me to listen? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
But the very next second, the man sent her a private message, sending a screenshot of their mutual quip in her social media circle, saying: [Okay, screenshot as proof.] 
Ye Xingguang was baffled: [Screenshot as proof of what?] 
Ye Junqing: [Didn’t you claim that my remaining years have been reserved?] 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t quite control the corners of her mouth, fearing to expose her good mood. She hummed, replied: [I haven’t even posted a selfie yet. Who gave you the screenshot proof.] 
[Waiting for you.] Ye Junqing replied in two words. 
Despite being mere words, when Ye Xingguang read them, she inexplicably felt a vague ambiguity. Like a white shroud before the window, the night breeze blew, silently stirring her heart… 
She stared at it for a while, unsure what to reply, so she happily put away her phone. noveldrama
At this moment, she heard a dismissive voice from a girl at the next table: “Does A Country’s national treasure really represent the highest singing abilities in A Country? It’s just average. I don’t know how A Country has the shame to promote Xia Yanyan every year, chanting about protecting the world’s most beautiful mermaid, and scrambling for the rights to the Nasea’s seas at the United Nations.” 
Ye Xingguang peeked over, who was saying Xia Yanyan’s singing was just okay? 
Putting aside personal grudges, Xia Yanyan’s voice was really good. The mermaid’s natural good voice is just slightly worse than hers. 
Xia Yanyan’s listing as a national treasure is, of course, because this mermaid is related to national interests. 
Not to mention the mermaid copyright belonged to A Country. Any other country that wished to produce mermaid-related merchandise had to buy the rights from A Country. More importantly, this mermaid helped A Country gain more support from other countries in the battle for ownership of the Nasea’s seas. 
Decades ago, the rights to Nasea’s sea area were wanted by several nearby countries, leading to a stalemate. 
Nasea Sea is abundant in submarine resources, including natural gas and oil. It’s a huge treasure that every country wanted. 
Later, the government of A Country organized a research team who, after investing huge amounts of manpower, material resources, and financial resources, finally created the gorgeous mermaid Xia Yanyan. 
Upon Xia Yanyan’s birth, she attracted worldwide attention. 
Over the years, the country has used Xia Yanyan as the national treasure’s ambassador to gain votes of support from friendly countries at the United Nations, securing the rights to the Nasea’s sea area and earning a fortune from natural gas and oil. 
No wonder the country protects Xia Yanyan’s interests, granting her various privileges, even establishing a national treasure committee to prevent any harm to her. 
In the end, it’s all because of national interests! 
Now, someone dares to mock their country. Xia Yanyan and Ye Xingguang both disagree. Coldly, she responds: “Who said the national treasure represents the highest level of singing in the country? The national treasure is just our country’s ambassador. Every girl in A Country is a treasure, everyone is talented. If you disagree, why don’t you sing for me?” 
Upon hearing this, the other girl seemed delighted and looked at Ye Xingguang: “So if my performance is better than your national treasure, A Country will no longer boast about possessing the world’s best singer?” 
She, on the other hand, came prepared. She was tired of A Country raising the mermaid to heaven. 
Her country, K Country, intended to send her to slap them in the face and to prove the best singer in the world wasn’t from A Country! 
Ye Xingguang hesitated. She wasn’t in a position to make this statement. She was an unknown figure and her cousin should be the one speaking. As long as it comes to national pride, Ye Xingguang didn’t want to lose: “Let’s have a competition then!”
###Chapter 214: An Unknown Soldier from Country A, Ye Xingguang!_1 
Translator: 549690339 
At that moment, Xia Yanyan, who was performing in the water music hall, was belting out a segment of dolphin tones. The girl thought that her own dolphin tones could outperform Xia Yanyan’s, her eyebrows lifted in satisfaction, proclaiming, “Fine, I’ll compete with your national treasure in dolphin tones.” 
Ye Xingguang had a hunch that this girl might have some skills. After all, she was the one K country had sent; she couldn’t possibly be an amateur. 
Ye Xingguang smirked arrogantly, “Who said our national treasure will be the one competing with you? We can send just anyone to compete with you – me, for example. Let’s see who does better with the dolphin tones!” 
The prospect of competing with a nobody made the girl from K country feel dismissed. She frowned slightly, “What’s your name?” 
“My name never changes, and I never switch teams. I’m Ye Xingguang, a nobody from A country!” 
The girl from K country had never heard this name before. She glanced haughtily at him, not disclosing her own but simply gave a sign to the person beside her, who immediately announced, “This is our esteemed Princess JueChen from K country.” 
Ah, JueChen? 
In the political system of K country, although it resembles a presidential system, it still retains the once-existing royal family, not with any real power, but highly regarded by the people. This Princess JueChen, the second princess of the current royal family, full name Chi JueChen, is notably a good singer. 
Ye Xingguang was aware of this piece of common knowledge, but as Chi JueChen was the most unassuming of all the princesses of K country, there were very few photos of her online, which was why he didn’t recognize her. 
Chi JueChen whispered something to the person at her side, they nodded and left promptly. 
After Xia Yanyan’s performance, the banquet’s host took the stage, “Honorable guests, ladies, and gentlemen, the next program is brought to you by the delegation from K country. Please welcome Princess JueChen of K country, who will be singing a song for us.” 
The banquet hall burst into applause upon hearing this. 
Next up, Chi JueChen, made a grand entrance. 
The curtain of the water music hall was already drawn. All eyes were back on the other stage as Chi JueChen, a beautiful foreign princess, commanded everyone’s attention with her appearance. 
Xia Yanyan, having changed outfits, returned to the banquet hall just as Chi JueChen was hitting the climax of her song. 
Chi Juechen’s soaring dolphin tones echoed throughout the banquet hall… 
The pitch seemed to have surpassed the limits of the human voice, but every time the guests thought she had reached the peak, Chi JueChen’s melodious voice would climb even higher, nearly unbelievable. 
Upon sitting down and learning from Yi Yujian that Chi JueChen was trying to one-up her in terms of dolphin tones, Xia Yanyan frowned, intending to criticise Chi JueChen for being out of her depth, but then Chi JueChen’s well-tuned voice filled the banquet hall; it wasn’t without merit. 
This section of her dolphin tones was better than the one Xia Yanyan had sang. noveldrama
Xia Yanyan frowned, “If I’d known she wanted to compete, I would’ve sung higher. She waited till I finished singing to challenge me, that’s simply too much! I didn’t even perform at my full potential!” 
Yi Yujian responded, “Who could’ve known that Chi JueChen would pull a stunt like this.” 
Xia Yanyan said, “It’s my fault for not being cautious. The Minister of Culture did hint that K country was trying to make a show during this state visit, but I didn’t think anyone would dare to challenge my singing! What should I do now, should I add another item to my performance?” 
Yi Yujian said, “You’ve already sung. Going up again to compete with Princess JueChen in dolphin tunes wouldn’t look good. No need for you to go up this time. My younger sister said she could go up against Chi JueChen, though I’m not sure if she’s confident enough?”
###Chapter 215: You Are My First Sunshine_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“What are you talking about, cousin? That little naive… Miss Ye wants to compete with Chi Juechen? Has she gone insane? She thinks she can compete with Chi Juechen, whose dolphin tones soar so high…” If Chi Juechen continues to push forward, she’ll soon be on even ground with her actual strength. 
Yi Yujian remained silent. 
At this moment, the banquet host had already approached Ye Xingguang, whispering, “Miss Ye, are you sure? If you’re not sure, the next performance will go on as scheduled.” 
Ye Xingguang said, “Who says I’m not sure, if I don’t compete with Chi Juechen, she’ll think there’s no one left in our A nation!” 
Hearing the echo of the singing throughout the banquet hall, the host didn’t have much faith in Ye Xingguang. 
“Are you sure? If you’re not, don’t bite off more than you can chew. This isn’t any ordinary occasion, it’s a national banquet.” 
Seeing that Ye Xingguang wasn’t intimidated, the host could only continue to ask, “So, what song will you sing? I’ll have the backstage prepare for it.” 
Ye Xingguang thought about it. To defeat Chi Juechen, none of the popular songs would work. She thought of a song that she had composed herself, but because it was self-composed, the backstage production team might not be able to provide accompaniment for her. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang made a decision: “Prepare a piano for me. I will sing an original song, one that no one has heard before.” 
“What, at such an important state banquet, you want to sing a song that no one has heard before? Miss Ye, if you were a superstar, perhaps we might indulge you. But you’re just a mildly famous internet celebrity. Dare you sing and play your own song at a state banquet? Have you considered that if you mess up, it could damage the nation’s reputation?” The host didn’t mince his words. 
There wasn’t much time left, and the host still had time to argue with her. 
Ye Xingguang said: “If you can’t make the decision, go find the President. Let him prepare a piano for me. Never mind, come with me, I’ll go to the President myself. Let’s see if he’ll indulge me!” 
The host thought that this Miss Ye had really gone crazy. How big did she think her reputation was, to go directly to the President? 
But Ye Xingguang, just did that, she got up to find him. 
She knew that her elder cousin and his wife, along with their freshly baked little niece, were all gathering in the lounge. 
The host, following behind Ye Xingguang, kept muttering, “She’s crazy, she’s crazy. If the President gets angry, I’m not taking the blame. This Chi Juechen from K nation, her dolphin tones have already defined the limits of mankind, can you surpass her?” 
“Hasn’t anyone told you there’s always someone better? You go host your event, you don’t need to follow me. I’ll be on in a few performances, I need to change my outfit.” 
“Yes, you’re far too casual. How can you go on stage like this? Going on stage like this is simply a disgrace to our A nation.” 
The host did not follow her anymore, just saying: “I’ll give you time for six more performances to get ready, will that be enough for you to do your makeup? Let’s make it ten performances’ worth of time, otherwise you definitely won’t make it, makeup takes up the most time.” 
“No need, just four performances. After four performances, it’s my turn. Oh yes, the song I’m going to sing is titled: ‘You are my initial sunshine’!” 
The track she had written for the young man was now going to come in handy! 
Chi Juechen’s stunning performance captured the attention of the entire banquet hall. After exiting the stage, she walked triumphantly back to her seat, casting a distant look at Xia Yanyan, and searching for Ye Xingguang around the room. 
But she couldn’t find her and couldn’t help but laugh: “Where did that nobody go? Did she get so scared she ran off?”
###Chapter 216: Xia Yanyan, That’s All_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang was in the process of changing her outfit, which was that of the First Lady. 
Once she finished dressing, Ye Tingnan reassured herself: “Thankfully, our body sizes are similar; my evening dress fits you perfectly. But are you sure you want to go on stage and belt out those operatic high notes? How sure are you about this?” 
Ye Xingguang replied with confidence, “My dear cousin-in-law, I do not engage in activities I am not confident of. I even managed to transform your niece, so trust me this one time. If someone wants to challenge our country, then I simply must bruise her ego. However, I don’t want to sing on stage. I prefer that water-based concert hall. When I sing, start the fountain show, I want that type of atmosphere. The higher I belt, the higher the fountains will spray. Can the water fountains meet my expectations?” 
Ye Tingnan thought the idea was brilliant: “I’ll check with the director to see if the musical fountain can keep up with the rhythm of your song.” 
“Right, and tell the director not to focus the camera on my face and not let the press point their cameras at my face either. I prefer to keep a low profile and don’t enjoy standing out too much, or else I do not wish to go on stage.” 
Ye Tingnan nodded: “Okay, I will pass this message along.” 
After mentioning this, Ye Tingnan called the director to communicate Ye Xingguang’s visual effect requirement. 
Soon, it was all arranged, Ye Tingnan said: “The director mentioned it’s technically feasible. Head backstage to prepare.” 
“Alright, I’m off.” 
Having changed into her outfit, Ye Xingguang picked up the hem of her dress and rushed backstage. Chi Juechen however, was convinced she had fled in terror. 
But that did not bother him, for his attention was never on her, but on Xia Yanyan. 
Now, Chi Juechen was in high spirits and couldn’t help but smirk: “Xia Yanyan, is that all you’ve got?” noveldrama
Xia Yanyan was so irritated she almost stood up: “This Chi Juechen, he has the gall to insult me and yet remains unrepentant!” 
Yi Yujian held Xia Yanyan’s hand, calming her: “Cool down. At this point, we can only hope your cousin aces it.” 
“Cousin, you still have faith in Ye Xingguang? She merely wants to use Chi Juechen to embarrass me. She can’t do anything herself but still sought to compete with me against Chi Juechen. What’s worse, she ended up fleeing in fear, causing our nation to lose face!” 
Yi Yujian frowned: “She doesn’t seem like that type of person…” 
“Cousin, you have only just met her, what do you know about her character? She could, out of spite because I almost got engaged to Ye Junqing, come to my house causing a ruckus. By that alone, I could tell she’s impulsive. If she’s so capable, why don’t you ask her to go up on stage and perform a show, and put this arrogant Chi Juechen back into his place!” 
Xia Yanyan was furious. White Lotus was definitely doing it on purpose! She’s such a no-brained, manipulative female toying with national honor! 
Anyway, it’s better this way lest her cousin starts seeing White Lotus in a good light because she saved her cousin. Now she can finally see the true colors of White Lotus… 
However, her mental machinations were thwarted when the host suddenly announced Ye Xingguang’s name. 
“Up next, please enjoy the song brought to us by Ye Xingguang, ‘You are my first Sunshine’.” 
As the host spoke, the stage lights dimmed, but the fountains in the water-based concert hall ignited with a dazzling light display. 
The splendid water-based concert hall and its high platform began to rise. A girl, her fingertips dancing on the piano, slowly came into everyone’s view…
###Chapter 217: Protecting Me is a Disease, You’re Quite Sick_1 
Translator: 549690339 
The lively girl appeared and disappeared behind the cascade of beautiful water droplets, stirring hearts from the moment she made her appearance… 
Xia Yanyan was taken aback. That naive little White Lotus was actually going up? 
Had she gone mad? Only she could possibly match Chi Juechen’s dolphin tones. Who had given White Lotus the audacity to steal the limelight without knowing her own limits? That’s why she detested these country bumpkins who were utterly clueless! 
A relieved smile had appeared on Yi Yujian’s face: “I told you, she wouldn’t back out at the last minute. She doesn’t seem like that kind of person. Let’s wait and see; maybe she is confident in herself, which is why she dares to compete with Chi Juechen.” 
The beautiful piano accompaniment creates a perfect rhythm with the vibrant fountain at this very moment. It seems that they are partners in crime, with the fountain faithfully following the rhythm of the piano. 
At higher notes, the fountain ascends; at lower notes, the fountain descends; and in calmer moments, the fountain sways, one wave gently following another… 
Under the glorious lights, the effect is so pleasing to the eye that it involuntary draws one’s attention. 
Then, it was Ye Xingguang’s ethereal singing, echoing throughout the waterfront music hall… 
In this song, a sad story is told. Yet, it’s not a lament of resentment or a sorrowful tune. On the contrary, this song is full of rhythm and dynamics, with the challenging dolphin tones that depict her desperation to save a young life. The high notes, skyrocketing, truthfully reveal the emotional turmoil in her heart. She wants to save him, she really does, but she can’t confront his stubborn determination to protect her… 
“ye…oh… 
ye…oh… 
Destiny decrees you’re a calamity I can’t cross 
Protecting me is a sickness, you’re already deeply infected 
You said 
It’s alright, I’m here 
You said 
I will always be 
No, I don’t want to hear any of it 
Your goodness is something I can’t forget 
But I wish we’d never met noveldrama
Even if you were the first sunshine of my life…” 
The last “sunshine,” with its prolonged dolphin note beyond human range, shook the fountain and sent water soaring high into the sky. The spectacular scene instantly captured all guests’ attention. 
Like the word “Love,” the momentum of the soaring fountain didn’t seem to stop. Upward, always upward… 
Some guests had their heads angled upward until they couldn’t anymore, and yet the water still hadn’t descended. Everyone was dumbfounded. This wasn’t just a visual spectacle; it was also an auditory delight. 
Before, Xia Yanyan’s song had already won admiration for her wonderful dolphin notes; 
Next up was Chi Juechen, who made everyone realize there’s always someone better. His dolphin notes which superseded human limits brought people to their knees. However, as soon as Ye Xingguang started singing, everyone realized what it meant to be limitless… 
The seemingly unbeatable Chi Juechen was instantly overshadowed by Ye Xingguang. 
“How is that possible?” Chi Juechen’s previously confident expression shattered into pieces in the end. 
As for Xia Yanyan, she couldn’t believe her eyes as she looked at the girl on the stage, singing while playing the piano. She had never heard this song before, but even she had to admit it held immense appeal! 
“Drip,” a tear fell on the black and white keys of the piano. 
As Ye Xingguang’s voice faded, another piano solo began. Her fingers seemed to possess magic, playing solos that relentlessly pushed the pain of her inability to save the young boy’s life to its peak…
###Chapter 218: From Then On, He Never Returned _1 
Translator: 549690339 
She then closed her eyes, allowing the tears to flow freely, as the memories of ten years ago continued to dominate her mind. 
Back then, she had just rescued a young boy from a swarm of sharks, and before they could catch their breath, the assassins, who were sent to kill her, were hot on their trail. She told the boy to escape on his own, fearing that following her would only put him in harm’s way. But the boy held her hand tightly and swam desperately with her. 
They sought refuge on an island, hoping to hide in the jungle. 
Once on the island, her beautiful fishtail turned into delicate legs. With no shoes to put on, she could feel the bare ground painfully against her feet. The young boy then hoisted her onto his back, carrying her as they tried to survive in the jungle. 
But their pursuers also landed on the island, searching for them everywhere. Outnumbered, she dared not confront them directly. 
Those men had been ordered to kill her, simply because she was one of those who had the right to inherit. 
In reality, she posed no threat as a mere twelve-year-old girl. Nevertheless, they saw fit to eradicate her completely, to eliminate any potential threat in the future. 
She remembered the boy hiding her and saying, “Stay here. I’ll lure them away, and when it’s safe, I’ll come back for you.” 
But he never returned. He never came back for her. 
She waited from night till the break of day, but he did not return. Unable to wait any longer, she went searching for him but could not find him in the field full of bodies. All she could find was his identification card. 
His ID card, stained with blood… 
The bodies scattered everywhere were those of the assassins who had wanted her dead… 
She looked through each body, terrified of finding him, and when she couldn’t, it scared her even more… 
She captured one of the assassins who was barely alive and asked him about the boy’s whereabouts. The assassin said that the boy had been taken by Geshu Chen, who had left a message: if she wanted the boy’s life, she would have to show herself! noveldrama
But when she willingly walked into their trap, Geshu Chen claimed that the boy had died in battle and that his body had been thrown into the ocean… 
She didn’t believe him. She wanted proof – alive or dead. She searched all over the world, but found nothing. Eventually, exhausted, she fainted in the sea only to be rescued by a middle-aged man, who took her back to his fishing village. 
The middle-aged man later became her foster father. 
Through the boy’s ID card, her foster father was able to trace the boy’s identity and hometown. When she rushed to his home, she was told the boy had been buried. His mother informed her that her son had died at sea and his body, recovered from the water, was unrecognizable by the time it had reached his hometown… 
If it hadn’t been for rescuing her, the boy wouldn’t have died. 
He fought alone against so many assassins, she dared not imagine what he went through in those horrific moments… 
She remembered taking a regret pill, returning to the time when the boy was surrounded by sharks. She told herself to be resolute and not save him. Maybe he could have escaped from the sharks by himself, but she couldn’t refrain from helping… 
She remembered after saving him once again, she decided to prioritize her own survival and avoid him, but the boy refused to leave her side. 
She screamed at him to get lost. 
Seeing assassins chasing her, the boy insistently took her hand to help her escape. 
She we recalled not wanting to repeat the same mistake, firmly avoiding the direction of that island, but the vast ocean only offered that one island within a thousand miles. Even though she could stay in the sea indefinitely, the boy couldn’t. His wounds prevented him from staying in the sea for too long. 
Left with no choice, she ended up returning to the island with the boy. 
She told herself, no matter what, she couldn’t just hide and let the boy draw away the assassins on her behalf. 
But history has a way of repeating itself. No matter how she warned the boy that saving her would cost his life, he wouldn’t listen. He rendered her unconscious, hid her and lured the assassins away…
###Chapter 219: It doesn’t seem to be you, Miss Xia? _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang looked up, unable to control the tears flowing from her eyes as she sang again… noveldrama
“ye…oh… 
ye…oh… 
Fate decrees that you’re a tribulation I can never overcome 
Protecting me is a sickness, a sickness you suffer from deeply 
You say 
Anyway, I’m willing 
You say 
Anyway, I will never regret 
No, I don’t want to hear anything 
I can’t forget your kindness 
But I wish we had never met 
Even if you’re the one I can’t ever forget in this lifetime…” 
As she sang to the end, she completely lost control of her emotions. Her emotional collapse combined with the soaring high notes broke all expectations about her vocal range held by the guests. 
The long-drawn “forget” was the perfect expression of emotion, the soft yet emotional vocals filled with so much depth. Chi Juechen and Xia Yanyan, both knowledgeable about music, eyes misty with tears unexpectedly, found it too late to wipe them away by the time they noticed. 
As the song ended, Chi Juechen and Xia Yanyan fell silent, accompanied by thunderous applause from the crowd. 
The consistent applause felt like slaps that swelled Chi Juechen’s arrogant face. 
Feeling vindicated, Xia Yanyan walked up to Chi Juechen with a wine glass, clinked glasses with her, and mocked her with a shallow smile, “Princess Juechen, world’s best vocalist, do you now admit defeat in Country A?” 
Chi Juechen had indeed been amazed by Ye Xingguang’s voice, yet she replied, “I admit that the world’s best vocalist is indeed in Country A. However, it’s not you, Miss Xia, isn’t it?” 
How dare someone who can’t even sing well come up to her and be cocky! 
Chi Juechen arrogantly glanced at Xia Yanyan, and said nonchalantly, “Miss Xia, your singing can’t even compare to the unknown Ye Xingguang, let alone beat mine. Yet you have the audacity to call yourself the world’s best vocalist?” 
Xia Yanyan: “!!!” 
She was merely not performing at her best! 
However, after hearing Ye Xingguang’s voice, she began to doubt whether her best would match Ye Xingguang’s vocal range. It seemed… like… possibly… 
Xia Yanyan frowned, in the field of singing, she always thought no one could compete with her. But upon hearing Ye Xingguang’s extraordinary vocal range, she began to feel uncertain. 
Seeing Xia Yanyan’s expression, Chi Juechen guessed her thoughts and sneered, “The strategic withdrawal of the retreating side isn’t laughing at the one struggling. Xia Yanyan, that’s just who you are. Why don’t you give up the title of world’s number one vocalist to the underdog Ye Xingguang? Oh, actually, I made a mistake. It’s more like the advancing side is laughing at the retreating one.” 
Having said that, Chi Juechen no longer paid attention to Xia Yanyan, who was similarly humiliated. Xia Yanyan, upset, couldn’t calm her feelings even after reapplying her makeup in the restroom. 
After the song ended, Ye Xingguang didn’t return to the banquet hall immediately. Instead, she went to a secluded place to calm her emotions. 
She didn’t particularly like singing this song. The last time she made a song list for Mr. Gu, this song was not on it. This was because this song stirred her emotions too much, and she didn’t believe that an average singer could hit those high notes. 
Every time after she finished singing this song, she would be depressed for a long time. 
While she was standing in the corridor calming herself, a familiar voice caught her ear, “Xingguang, is that you?” 
Ye Xingguang turned her head and couldn’t help but frown. How did she run into Yun Chen here? 
Shock that Yun Chen couldn’t hide filled his eyes as he walked over and asked, “The girl who just performed in the waterside concert hall, was that you? I never knew you could sing so beautifully. Why are you crying?”
###Chapter 220: This slap, you owe me _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Yun Chen couldn’t control his emotions, and seeing her eyes full of mist, he couldn’t help but walk over and open his arms. 
“Don’t touch me.” Ye Xingguang rebuked in a low voice, she swallowed hard, trying to hold back her tears. noveldrama
In Yun Chen’s eyes, a flash of hurt passed, “Xingguang, are you still holding a grudge against me?” 
“You’re overthinking.” 
She strived to steady her emotions, then sidestepped Yun Chen, intending to leave. 
However, Yun Chen grabbed her wrist. Her performance just now at the concert hall had been so captivating, it brought Yun Chen back to their delightful university days. Yet this captivating girl, he chose to give up for the sake of ten million. 
After graduation, using his own capabilities, he had landed a government job at the president’s office. When he had introduced her to his colleagues as his ex-girlfriend, they all asked him if he was crazy to give up such a charming girl. 
He had once thought he had struck gold and never would let go, yet when money was placed before him, he realized that if love could withstand trials, it only proved that there wasn’t enough money at stake. 
If someone had offered him one million to break up with Ye Xingguang, he would have asserted his unwavering love for her. 
But if someone were to offer him ten million to break up with Ye Xingguang, the temptation was too great for him to resist… 
Yet now, he was suddenly filled with regret. 
“Xingguang, if I divorce Rebecca, can we start over?” 
On hearing this, Ye Xingguang snorted sarcastically, freeing herself from Yun Chen’s hold, “Didn’t you despise me for being too delicate? Didn’t you say Rebecca was different? So now you think Rebecca isn’t as good as me?” 
Yun Chen’s gaze dimmed a bit, yet he suddenly embraced her, unable to control his emotions, “Xingguang, it’s my mistake, be angry at me or hit me, take it out on me, but I can’t lie to myself. Last time at the television station’s entrance, seeing you leave with that official. I knew, I can’t let you go. I’m sorry, these days, I’ve been missing you so much.” 
His hand rested on her waist, trying to hold her close, feeling deep remorse: “Xingguang, I was too immature back then, and couldn’t resist temptations. Could you give me another chance? I promise I won’t treat you like that ever again. Please forgive me… I can wait for you… Wait a year for us to get back together.” 
He knew she had already filed for an arranged marriage at the civil affairs office, she couldn’t escape for a year. 
But he could wait… Wait a year for her. 
“But I, Ye Xingguang, never go back to past relationships!” After saying this, she forcefully freed herself from Yun Chen. 
As Yun Chen tried to approach again, Ye Xingguang raised her hand and slapped Yun Chen. 
At the loud smack, Yun Chen was stunned, frozen on the spot. 
Ye Xingguang shook off her wrist, saying, “This slap is what you owe me. From now on, I’ll do my own thing, and you do yours. Stop bothering me!” 
Having said that, she stormed off, no longer giving a damn about Yun Chen’s attitude; she wouldn’t have anything to do with such a jerk anymore. 
Initially, her adoptive father had told her not to regret her decisions, trying to save a teenage life. Maybe the ordeal is inescapable and unavoidable. She should look forward, find a boyfriend in university, and perhaps her unsettled heart will gradually lose courage. 
She heeded her adoptive father’s words and chose Yun Chen from her many college suitors. 
She dated Yun Chen with a heart wanting to let off, Yun Chen finally dumped her. They were even, and each live their own lives, not disturbing each other’s lives again.
###Chapter 221: If You Want to Challenge, I’m Always Ready to Accompany_1. 
Translator: 549690339 
Back in the banquet hall, Chi Juechen raised his glass to her. 
“Miss Ye, I admit that I was outplayed tonight. However, there’s always tomorrow. Next time, you may not be able to beat me.” 
“Oh really?” 
Ye Xingguang also lifted her glass on the table and clinked glasses with Chi Juechen before remarking, “If you want to challenge me, I’m always ready. I assure you, I’ll play with you until you question your existence.” 
Chi Juechen forced a smile, “Alright, let’s wait and see who ends up questioning life in the end!” 
After saying that, Chi Juechen ignored her. A sense of competitiveness welled up in him, he was determined to triumph over Ye Xingguang in the future. noveldrama
“Xingguang, over here.” 
Yi Yujian from the other table motioned for Ye Xingguang to come over. 
Ye Xingguang delightfully walked over, “Big sister-in-law, you’re here too?” 
“If I wasn’t here, I would have missed your many talents. You sang brilliantly just now, so amazing that it was breathtaking. It’s a pity my younger brother missed your fantastic performance on stage.” 
Ye Xingguang felt a bit embarrassed by the praises. 
At this time, Xia Yanyan, who had retreated to the restroom to calm herself, returned to the banquet hall. 
Somehow, after going out once, Xia Yanyan returned with a remarkably cheerful face, even raising her glass to congratulate Ye Xingguang. 
“Miss Ye, the whistle register you hit earlier was very refreshing. It was almost at par with my best whistle register. If I had known that Chi Juechen was going to provoke me tonight, I wouldn’t have only showcased a third of my potential. But luckily, our country has a wealth of talent, and your performance was more than enough to put her in her place. Do you know who originally sang that song?” 
How could Ye Xingguang not understand her underlying message? She modestly replied, “The original singer is my childhood friend, Xia Qiongqiong. She composed this song when she was young. She can hit higher notes than I can. I have been learning it for over a decade and have only grasped the basics. What you heard me sing today is not even a tenth as good as the original.” 
She expressed her regret about always trailing behind the original singer. Yi Yujian was very interested to hear more, “Really? This Xia Qiongqiong is so talented? I must listen to her original song someday.” 
Xia Yanyan’s face suddenly changed. “She composed this song?” 
Yi Yujian asked, “Yanyan, do you also know Xia Qiongqiong that Xingguang mentioned?” 
“I don’t.” Xia Yanyan retreated back to her seat and didn’t say another word. 
She was unwilling to believe that her ugly sister could have possibly composed such a beautiful melody! 
Just hearing the name Xia Qiongqiong annoyed her beyond measure! 
Because right now, on the popular music charts, there was a song sung by Ye Junqing that was ranked above hers. The composer’s name was also Xia Qiongqiong! 
Did her ugly sister really leave behind so many good songs before she died? 
Now Ye Xingguang was revealing these songs one by one, she was clearly trying to slap her in the face! 
However, don’t be so smug. When she had gone to the restroom, she coincidentally saw her hugging and cuddling with a man. 
She casually took a picture, and after sitting down, she immediately sent it to Ye Li to be posted online. 
She wanted to see if Ye Junqing could tolerate this little White Lotus being entangled with her ex-boyfriend. 
And whether the Civil Affairs Bureau could tolerate this White Lotus cheating during their official engagement period! 
On the other side of the globe, Fu Zhuo received the picture sent by a staff member of Ye Xingguang’s Weibo. He could not suppress his anger, thinking that Miss Ye had no sense of propriety. She was hugging and cuddling with another man behind his master’s back. He had to report this to his master. 
At the same time, Xiao Yun also saw a video, he couldn’t hide his admiration. Was this a song sung by Miss Ye? He needed to show this to his master.
###Chapter 222: CP and such are all but clouds_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Upon finishing his shower, Ye Junqi stepped out of the hotel bathroom to find Fu Zhuo and Xiao Yun entering the room, one after the other. 
“Junqi, look at this.” Fu Zhuo, visibly upset, opened a photo on his phone. 
Ye Junqi, just out of the shower with water dripping from his wet hair, took the phone from Fu Zhuo. As he dried his hair with a towel, he absentmindedly glanced at the screen and his eyes narrowed. 
There in the photo, Xiaoyuwei’s ex-boyfriend was holding her in his arms. It was an overly intimate, almost beautiful scene. 
“Who sent this to you?” Ye Junqi asked, his handsome face cool and haughty. noveldrama
Fu Zhuo explained, “An employee from the back-end team of Junxing Weibo. Someone posted this photo on Weibo, and several influential users started sharing it. Recognizing Miss Ye, this employee sent me the photo.” 
Ye Junqi was seething, yet he forced his anger down as he heard Fu Zhuo’s explanation. He turned his head and gave him a cold glance. “So, the photo was leaked online, and these influential users are spreading it? Who is trying to ruin her?” 
Fu Zhuo was speechless. Wasn’t Junqi missing the point? With no choice, he reminded him tersely, “Junqi, Miss Ye is not respecting any boundaries. You wear the clothes she selects for you and value the gifts she buys. Despite all this, she’s meeting her ex-boyfriend behind your back while you’re away. What’s worse, they were caught on camera and it’s now online!” 
Although Ye Junqi certainly felt uncomfortable, the fact that influential users are spreading the photo forced him to think more rationally and he retorted, “Did you see it personally?” 
“Isn’t the photo clear enough?” Fu Zhuo shot back. 
With Ye Junqi striving to make excuses for Xiaoyuwei, he pondered and said, “Perhaps her ex-boyfriend regrets breaking up with her and wants to entangle himself with her again. He might have forcibly hugged her just as someone took this photo to create misunderstandings. It’s a cliché plotline from romance novels.” 
Once, he didn’t know how to win Xiaoyuwei’s heart. When a female assistant recommended he read some ‘dominant CEO’ romance stories, he was initially resistant but still glanced through some in his desperate circumstances. As a result, Ye Junqi was familiar with most clichés from those novels. 
Fu Zhuo kept silent. “Junqi, can you stop deceiving yourself? The photo clearly shows their intimacy!” 
Ye Junqi retorted coldly, “She’s not the kind to go back to her ex. Tell the official microblog to clean up the photo online!” 
He glanced at the photo again, more displeased than before, and commanded frostily, “Go and deal with this. Don’t give any ammunition to the civil affairs authorities.” 
Fu Zhuo was left speechless again. 
Yunqi really was blinded by love, he thought. His girlfriend was probably cheating on him, and he was still making excuses for her. 
At this moment, Xiao Yun came over with his phone, “Junqi, take a look at this.” 
“What’s this about, and who sent it?” Ye Junqi, now wary, felt that tonight was not a good time to be taking in surprising news. 
Xiao Yun shared, “It’s a video sent by one of my former comrades who’s currently working as a bodyguard for the President.” 
Only then did Ye Junqi take the phone and play the video. 
Soon, the hotel room was filled with the melodious singing of Ye Xingguang. Her angelic voice sent chills down their spines… 
As the song ended, Ye Junqi sat on the sofa, replaying the video. His thin lips slightly pursed, he tried to make sense of the lyrics, some of which were familiar phrases he had uttered to Xiaoyuwei. 
For instance, 
You said, It’s alright, I’m here (It’s all right, I’m here) 
You said, I will always be (I will always be here) 
And also, 
You said, I’m willing (I’m willing) 
You said, Anyway, I will never regret (No matter what, I will never regret) 
He had said these words to her ten years ago on the sea when she had cried and begged him not to save her, fearing he might lose his own life… 
As he reflected on the entire lyrics, Ye Junqi fell into deep thought. Could Xiaoyuwei have written this song for him?
###Chapter 223: So, I’m your first sun?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Junqi thought for a moment, looking up, and threw one question at Xiao Yun, “What’s the name of this song?” 
The video did not show the title of the song. 
Xiao Yun grabbed his phone, saying, “Let me ask.” 
Xiao Yun asked in a group chat, and quickly got the answer, he reported, “It’s called ‘You Are My Original Sunshine’.” 
Ye Junqi couldn’t control the corner of his cold mouth, raised his hand to rest on his lips to hide his enjoyment in front of his subordinates, and gestured with his other hand with a serious face, “You both can leave now, Xiao Yun, later send the video to my phone.” 
“Yes.” 
Once Xiao Yun and Fu Zhuo left, Ye Junqi didn’t hide his pleasure anymore, the corners of his mouth turning upward. 
Silly girl, I just gave you a song not so long ago, are you rushing to return the favor? 
You are my original sunshine… 
Did I, all along, have a place in your heart? So, I’m your original sunshine? 
Do you remember my kindness, why have I never heard you mention it? 
I thought, you only remembered your lifesaver, Qin Junye, who’s no longer here! 
You do have a bit of a conscience left! 
Ye Junqi, lazily stretching his long legs, took out his mobile phone, couldn’t help but dial Ye Xingguang’s number, but it was constantly busy… 
His good mood was suddenly interrupted, who was calling her? noveldrama
Ye Junqi waited for five minutes, and dialed again, but it was still busy… 
His good mood cooled down a few degrees, with whom was she on a call for five minutes and it still hadn’t ended? 
Suppressing his anger, Ye Junqi first dried his hair then tried calling her again, but it was still showing busy… 
Ye Xingguang was on the phone with Han Chengbei, also regarding the photo issue. 
Han Chengbei was a media mogul, he had long established nexus in the circle, matters concerning Ye Xingguang had to be reported to him right away, so he received the photo no later than Ye Junqi. 
At this moment, Han Chengbei frowned and said, “Good lord, how could you be so careless? Someone snapped this photo of you and posted it online, hurry, find out who wants to harm you. Is this the boyfriend you broke up with after graduating from college? If the civic administrative office sees this online exposure, they will directly take you to court, believe it or not?” 
“I really don’t know who took it, what should I do now? Can you help me get rid of these photos? I don’t want my official partner to see them, he’ll definitely misunderstand!” 
Han Chengbei solemnly said, “Fortunately, you got to me. I’ll try my best to sort it out for you. However, I can’t instantly check who all have bought the original photos. The best way is to find the source of the photos.” 
“Thank you, Han Chengbei, I will try to investigate the surveillance and find out who wants to harm me.” 
“The President’s Residence’s surveillance is at your disposal?” Han Chengbei whistled over the phone. 
“It should be.” 
The phone call lasted half an hour, after hanging up, she looked at her phone and saw that Ye Junqi had called her seven times. 
Why would the browbeater suddenly bombard her with calls? He couldn’t possibly have seen the photo and was calling her to interrogate her, could he? 
Ye Xingguang felt aggrieved, she didn’t call back, the most crucial thing she had to do now was prove her innocence. 
Being photographed like this during the official period was a very serious matter. If Yun Chen didn’t want to prove the truth, even if she had a hundred mouths she couldn’t clear her name, she really might end up in jail. 
In her haste, Ye Xingguang went to Yanbei, seeking to retrieve the surveillance video from the hallway to find out who took her photos. 
Yanbei directly called Qin Yao to escort her to the surveillance room.
###Chapter 224: The First Lady’s Support 
Translator: 549690339 
However, after checking the surveillance, she found that all the cameras were working fine. Only the footage that could have captured her was missing. 
Qin Yao asked the employees in the surveillance room: “What happened?” 
The young man in the surveillance room hesitated: “Maybe the surveillance system was faulty.” noveldrama
Unable to control his voice, Ye Xingguang exclaimed, “Are you taking me for a fool? The footage before and after is intact. Only the time when I was present, the footage was disrupted. It’s clear that it was deliberately deleted!” 
Ye Tingnan rushed in after hearing what happened, “Take all the employees from the surveillance room now and question them. If no one can provide a reason, everyone will lose their jobs.” 
There were more than ten employees in the surveillance room. Their faces changed drastically upon hearing this. One of them voiced their discontent: “Madam the President, it’s not our fault. We know nothing. Why would we be terminated if we can’t provide an explanation?” 
Ye Tingnan gave a cold glance at this individual: “If an item thrown from a high floor hits a person, and nobody admits it, everyone in the entire building has to compensate. Some dare to tamper with the Presidential Palace’s surveillance. You are indeed courageous. If you don’t want to be treated unfairly, self-examine and feel free to report anything.” 
Looking at Ye Tingnan protecting Ye Xingguang, Qin Yao pondered for a moment and said: “There were always people in the surveillance room within that hour. Think about it, who left the room during that timeframe, who received calls, or made contact with outsiders.” 
Everyone looked at each other, murmuring amongst themselves. 
“Yuan Bin went to the toilet.” 
“Qiao Zhiyong went to the toilet too.” 
“Miss Xia came to the surveillance room to find Suda.” 
Hearing this, Ye Xingguang felt a throbbing pain in his temples: “Who is Suda?” 
Everyone pointed to a slightly plump young man, who adjusted the black-framed glasses on his nose: “It’s not me.” 
Ye Xingguang stared at him coldly: “Which Miss Xia sought you, was it Xia Yanyan? What was she looking for?” 
Suda replied: “Miss Xia lost her earring and couldn’t find it, so she asked me to help her check the surveillance. That’s all.” 
“Really? Just that and nothing else? I know that many men consider Xia Yanyan as their goddess and will unflinchingly go through fire and water for her, it’s not just you. I don’t care how you admire her, but if someone is helping Xia Yanyan to hurt me, remember, I will make sure he suffers a gruesome death!” 
After saying this, Ye Xingguang turned to Ye Tingnan and said: “Cousin, I know who it is now.” 
Ye Tingnan: “You mean, Xia Yanyan?” 
“I’ve had a falling out with Xia Yanyan. Besides her, I can’t think of anyone else who would do this to me. I’m going to confront her about this matter. It would be helpful if you could interrogate this person for me.” 
Having said this, Ye Xingguang stormed off. He had to find Xia Yanyan to demand the original footage. 
Meanwhile, Ye Junqing called again. Ye Xingguang glanced at the caller ID but didn’t answer. 
Until this matter was resolved, she didn’t want to answer any calls from that leech, let alone bear his anger. It was simply too much! 
At this moment, Xia Yanyan was already sitting in her homebound luxury car and asked Ye Li: “Have all the photos been sent out?” 
“Yes, they have been sent to all major media outlets. You can rest assured, Miss Xia, it’s guaranteed to be the headline tomorrow morning.” 
A look of satisfaction crossed Xia Yanyan’s elegant face: “Send a copy to the Civil Affairs Bureau as well.” 
“Understood.” 
As she spoke, Ye Li opened her mobile phone inbox, proceeded straight to the official complaint email of the Civil Affairs Bureau, and sent a report.
###Chapter 225: – Are you really trying to annoy me like this?_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Miss Xia, everything is all set. That Miss Ye who had the audacity to storm into your house and shatter all your belongings, it’s infuriating. And the worst part is, those who attended her birthday banquet at the Ye’s family were all praising her. It’s just infuriating. But this time, it’s finally our chance to get back at her.” 
“Hmm,” replied Xia Yanyan, eyes closed, collecting herself. 
She was seething at the thought of all her precious belongings shattered by White Lotus. And she couldn’t retaliate because White Lotus was blackmailing her with a video that jeopardised her family’s interests. 
If she let the likes of White Lotus trample over her like this, her two decades’ worth of national treasures would all be for naught! 
Ye Xingguang, unable to find Xia Yanyan at the state banquet, decided to chase after her in a car. 
On the way, Ye Junqing kept calling her. She let the phone ring incessantly, ignoring him. 
Once the ringing ceased, she finally checked her WeChat only to face Fu Zhuo’s reprimand sent earlier. 
Fu Zhuo: [Miss Ye, just because our lord is favouring you doesn’t mean you can deceive him behind his back with your ex-boyfriend!] 
Ye Xingguang, who had been too busy to respond then, finally texted: [When did I ever secretly meet my ex-boyfriend?] 
Fu Zhuo: [You dare deny it? He’s seen the photos, and he’s livid. I suggest you call him immediately and explain the situation, and reflect on your inappropriate actions!] 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip. So, he had indeed seen the photos which explained why he was bombarding her with calls. But how could she explain the situation without any surveillance footage to prove her innocence? 
Upon returning home, Xia Yanyan flounced into her large pool, her beautiful enchanting mermaid tail sweeping freely across. Clearing her throat, she started practicing her singing. 
She wanted to see if her dolphin-like singing could surpass that of Ye Xingguang. 
But after several attempts, she frustratingly realized her singing, even as a mermaid, was far from matching the country girl from the island, Ye Xingguang. 
Intolerable! 
Xia Yanyan, not one to accept defeat easily, redoubled her efforts. If she didn’t succeed once, she would try twice. If not twice then thrice, then four times… 
While she was practicing, she heard the frustrated and anxious voice of the servant, “Miss Ye, Miss Ye, our young lady is not home yet, she’s really not here. If you need to speak with her, please come back tomorrow. You cannot just barge in like this, it’s disrespectful…” 
The servant, having already witnessed Ye Xingguang’s tenacity, was helpless. Unfortunately, the young lady’s singing was like a beacon, leading Ye Xingguang directly to the pool even through shortcuts, implying her familiarity with the mansion… 
Unable to deter Ye Xingguang, the servant ran back to the villa in search of the master and the young master as reinforcements. 
Seeing Ye Xingguang approach the pool relentlessly, Xia Yanyan instantly became alert, quickly glancing at Ye Xingguang’s hand to ensure she was unarmed. Assured of her unarmed state, she regained her composure and looked haughtily from the water. 
“Miss Ye, do you take my home for your own, moving around freely?” 
Ignoring her, Ye Xingguang fumed at the sight of the troublemaker leisurely soaking in the swimming pool. 
“Xia Yanyan, are you really itching for a fight?” 
“Miss Ye, I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’m sorry, but I can’t understand.” noveldrama
“Oh, really? You can’t understand? Spreading pictures of my ex-boyfriend and me everywhere, what are you up to? Don’t think that just because you’re backed by the National Treasures Committee, I’ll be scared. If you push me, believe me, I’ll dice you into fish paste!”
###Chapter 226: Immediately arranges flight, returns home_1 
Translator: 549690339 
“Country bumpkin, you’ve got a lot of nerve, thinking you can chop my daughter up into fish sauce. You’ll have to ask if I’d permit that!” Xia Wealth arrived upon hearing the news, followed by a dozen bodyguards. 
Ever since his last bodyguards were beaten black and blue by Ye Xingguang, he’d hired a new team to protect his daughter. These men were either freestyle fight champions or the best of the special forces. Did this country bumpkin still dare come here? Did she really think Xia Wealth didn’t have a temper? 
Ye Xingguang faced the approaching dozen bodyguards, holding back her anger, she smirked, “Want to fight? So be it!” 
“Stop!” Xia Ye Zhao, in his pajamas, quickly emerged from within the darkness of the night. 
As he approached, Xia Ye Zhao saw Ye Xingguang’s livid expression. His heart inexplicably ached. In a gentle voice, he asked, “Miss Ye, what seems to be the problem?” 
“Ask her!” Ye Xingguang pointed at Xia Yanyan in the swimming pool. 
Xia Ye Zhao turned his eyes to Xia Yanyan, “Sis, what dispute have you had with Miss Ye?” 
Xia Yanyan sported an impatient expression, “Bro, she’s so fierce, why would I dare to provoke her? Not to mention, you told me last time that Miss Ye saved my life. We should show gratitude toward her. I remember everything you said.” noveldrama
Hearing this, Ye Xingguang felt like retching. She immediately opened her cell, “Talk about gratitude! Is this how you show it? When my ex-boyfriend was bothering me, you intentionally captured and leaked misleading photos of him holding me to major media outlets. Just because you couldn’t have Ye Junqing, you decided to ruin my reputation and label me as a cheater. Xia Yanyan, you really believed that just because you deleted the surveillance footage, I wouldn’t know you were the mastermind behind everything? Do you think I’m a fool or are you just too full of yourself, thinking you’re highly intelligent?” 
“Ye Xingguang, stop slandering me!” 
“I’m slandering you? If you don’t hand over the original photos tonight and tell me which media outlets you leaked them to, tomorrow I’ll hand over the video of your family committing fratricide to the police station. If you want to harm me, we’ll all go down together. I, who have nothing to lose, fear those who have something to lose?” 
Ye Xingguang was furious, her chest heaving. Then, Ye Junqing’s call came through. She was annoyed by the constant calls, angrily shouting into the phone, “Stop calling! I will give you an explanation for this! Can’t you just give me some space?” 
Having said that, she didn’t care what Ye Junqing on the other end of the line wanted to say. She abruptly ended the call, her nostrils suddenly flared in anger. 
On the other end, in the hotel, Ye Junqing, after making countless calls, finally got through just to be hung up on. 
Little Fish Tail, are you tired of living, daring to hang up on me? 
But her voice… 
Recalling it, Ye Junqing’s expression suddenly darkened, why did she sound so upset? 
Ye Junqing, hiding his previously delighted feelings by the song “You’re my first sunshine,” put on his robe and went out, asking Xiao Yun to call the chauffeur who was responsible for her transportation to find out where she was. 
Soon, Xiao Yun had Ye Xingguang’s location, “Master Qing, Miss Ye is currently at Xia’s house.” 
“Why is she at Xia’s house again?” 
“The driver said that Miss Ye suspected that the intimate photo with her ex-boyfriend was taken by Xia Yanyan, so she went over there to settle the score.” 
Ye Junqing knotted his eyebrows, something was indeed fishy about the photo. Did Little Fish Tail think he didn’t believe her? Silly girl, did she think he was that foolish? Ye Junqing immediately issued an order, “Arrange a flight immediately, we’re returning to the country.”
###Chapter 227: Deep Down, She Wants to be Protected_1 
Translator: 549690339 
Ye Xingguang hung up the phone and once again handed the photo in his phone’s frame to Xia Ye Zhao. 
Knowing full well that her brother does not recognize her, standing in front of her brother, she can’t help but feel somewhat dependent on him, even harbouring illusions, hoping that her brother could protect her like he did when they were young… 
No one chooses to be strong, just like no one is born immune to all harms. Most strong girls are simply left with no one to rely on, forcing themselves to cast off their weakness. At least, she is not inherently a dominant woman; deep down, she desires to be protected. 
Xia Ye Zhao looked at the photo and noticed her hugging a stranger, causing him to frown. 
The photo could be interpreted in many ways. If Ye Jun Qing chose to investigate, she might be in big trouble. 
After all, even Xia Ye Zhao was well aware that Ye Jun Qing has only accepted her due to compelling circumstances. If Ye Jun Qing took this opportunity to come down on her, her end would be miserable. 
Xia Ye Zhao felt some compassion for her and comforted her, “Miss Ye, don’t panic, I’ll figure this out.” 
“Yeah.” Her brother’s words warmed her heart in an instant. 
Xia Ye Zhao stood by the pool with his hands held behind his back, solemnly asking Xia Yanyan, “Yanyan, did you really take this photo?” 
Xia Yanyan immediately denied, putting on a heartbroken expression: “Of course not! Brother, would you rather believe a stranger than your own little sister? When would I have the time to take a photo of her? With her impulsive nature, could she have offended someone else without realising it?” 
Without proof, there was no need for her to admit anything. That would simply be foolish. 
But Miss Ye wouldn’t run over and accuse her sister without reason. Xia Ye Zhao asked again, “I’m asking you one more time, are you certain that you have nothing to do with this? If you confess now, I’ll apologize on your behalf. If you don’t repent, I won’t be lenient.” 
In the Xia household, including Xia Wealth, no one would dare to cross Xia Ye Zhao. Xia Yanyan feels a bit guilty but is keen to maintain her positive image in front of her brother. Instantly she turned teary-eyed and remained silent. 
Yet her demeanor was as though she was wrongly accused, that made Xia Ye Zhao feel sympathetic. 
He pondered, “Miss Ye, there may be a misunderstanding here. I trust my sister’s character. She might be a bit spoiled, but she’s not malicious. I’ll help you investigate the source of this photo.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang suppressed her anger and looked at Xia Yanyan with contempt, “No need, I’m very certain that it was her. I checked the surveillance footage, and they’ve been erased. Xia Yanyan went to the surveillance room and found the staff there. She must be the one who had them erased.” 
Xia Yanyan, wiping her tears, said, “Brother, look at what she’s saying. Could I really just get someone to delete the surveillance footage of the President’s residence? I went to the surveillance room because I lost my earring, and I hoped that the security personnel could help me find it through the footage. You can ask them if you don’t believe me.” 
She had anticipated that she would be questioned and fabricated her alibi accordingly. Xia Yanyan smiled an audacious smile; she wasn’t scared of being investigated. 
Without evidence, naturally, Xia Ye Zhao did not want to wrongfully accuse his own sister, “Miss Ye, why don’t you go back and check again thoroughly? This probably has nothing to do with Yanyan. Or do you want me to send someone to help you investigate?” 
“No need, it’s her, I’m absolutely certain!” 
Xia Ye Zhao frowned immediately. Ye Xingguang was stubbornly insisting that it was his sister despite having no evidence, which seemed rather unreasonable. His face darkened instantly, “Miss Ye, without evidence, for you to so adamantly accuse my sister. This is something I cannot tolerate.”
###Chapter 228: You Underestimate me Too Much! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Xia Wealth stood by, giving a cold, scornful chuckle, “Ye Zhao, why are you wasting your time talking to her? This little girl thinks my daughter is just as petty as her, holds a grudge over minor issues, and seeks revenge given the chance. She’s giving herself far too much credit! The daughter I, Xia Wealth, raised may not be perfect, but she is one in a million. Who dares to falsely accuse her here? I, Xia Wealth, would be the first to ! We would never stoop so low as to backstab others. Ye Zhao, instead of grilling your sister, why don’t you let this girl investigate others?” 
After speaking, Xia Wealth looked at Xia Yanyan, who was standing in the swimming pool, wronged and shedding tears, “Daughter, don’t cry. With Daddy here, no one can wrong you.” 
Xia Yanyan wiped her tears, “Dad, you’re the one who loves me the most.” 
Having said that, she took a distant look at Ye Xingguang, as if looking at a petty clown who was making futile attempts to draw attention. 
Ye Xingguang noticed Xia Yanyan’s provocative gaze and wished she could jump into the pool and kill her! 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t be bothered with Xia Wealth and Xia Yanyan, her only hope was placed on Xia Ye Zhao. Her tone was somewhat disappointed, “So, even you think that I have wronged Xia Yanyan, don’t you?” 
Xia Ye Zhao said, “Without any evidence or proof, relying only on speculation, I certainly can’t let you directly point a finger at my sister.” 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip, remaining silent. How could she forget that Xia Yanyan was their sister? How could he take her side without any evidence? Her expectations were too high. 
She couldn’t help but defend him in her heart. It wasn’t his fault. After all, Xia Yanyan was his sister, not her. 
But in the moment of understanding, her vulnerability withdrew. Since there was no one in this world she could rely on, she wouldn’t expect anything from anyone, nor would she be like when she was a child, always trailing behind her parents, watching them protect Xia Yanyan at all times, while she played the fool. 
So weak… 
So humble… 
So demeaning… 
At that moment, Ye Xingguang raised her defense. With a cold, scornful laugh under a cruelly freezing heart, she said, “Since you are all protecting her, since you all think she is innocent, then, there is not much else to talk about. Wait for the police to come tomorrow and investigate the truth behind Qiongqiong’s death!” 
Having said that, she turned around and left. noveldrama
There was no one to rely on, so she would rely on herself. If she didn’t expose some damning information tonight, she wouldn’t be able to resolve this issue. 
Hearing her words, Xia Wealth’s face darkened immediately, “Stop her!” 
At his command, all the guards of the Xia family moved to block Ye Xingguang’s path. 
Ye Xingguang looked at the guards who were enclosing her from all sides. She looked back at Xia Wealth and laughed coldly, “Want to stop me? Do you think it will work? I’ve already alerted someone. If I don’t leave the Xia residence within half an hour, they will directly hand over the video to the police. Xia Wealth, how could you underestimate me, thinking I would venture into such a dangerous place without any preparation!” 
Xia Wealth’s forehead twitched. He didn’t expect this wild girl to be prepared for the worst. 
Being cornered was an entirely unpleasant feeling! 
Xia Wealth waved his hand, ordering the bodyguards to stand down, then sternly shouted, “What do you want?” 
Ye Xingguang, unaffected, replied, “Nothing really, I just want the original photos and to know who else has them. That’s it. If Xia Yanyan refuses to confess tonight and pushes me into a corner, then let’s play a game of mutual destruction. Got it?”
###Chapter 229: Plague God, This is a Plague God! _1 
Translator: 549690339 
Xia Wealth was furious beyond control, wishing he could just silence this wild girl to eliminate future troubles, yet he was powerless against her! 
Flapping his sleeves in rage, Xia Wealth roared, “Ye Xingguang, don’t think I, Xia Wealth, have no temper!” 
Ye Xingguang laughed, “How could I not know you have a temper? I’ve seen your temper long ago. When you become cold-blooded and ruthless, even to your own daughter, you could abandon her without blinking if you think she can’t bring honor to the family, but is instead a burden. But here’s the thing, I, Ye Xingguang, am not like your Xia Qiongqiong that you can do whatever you want with!” 
At the mention of “Xia Qiongqiong,” Xia Wealth’s face changed drastically. 
“Stop constantly threatening me about this matter. She’s my daughter, I can do whatever I want with her. Besides, I was doing it for her own good. She was so sick, it’s better for her to return to the sea than die in a hospital bed. You, a young girl, won’t understand a father’s love for his critically ill daughter when he feels helpless.” 
Father’s love? 
Ha… 
This was the most insulting expression of fatherly love she had ever heard! 
She did not understand fatherly love. Indeed, she once didn’t understand. But her adopted father had long shown her what a real father is like! 
How dare Xia Wealth even mention fatherly love in front of her! 
All the deepest, most painful wounds in her memory were suddenly dredged up, and Ye Xingguang laughed, “Indeed, you’re full of fatherly love. When Xia Yanyan got chronic granulocytic leukemia, you didn’t dare to make her condition public because you were afraid it would tarnish your family’s reputation for having birthed a beautiful mermaid! Instead of seeking a bone marrow donor nationwide or even globally, you chose to have another daughter to use as a sacrifice to save your glory- and wealth-bringing daughter. Your fatherly love really touches heavens and earth!” 
Ye Xingguang’s contemptuous words made Xia Wealth lose face, “Shut up!….” 
“If I shut up, can that cover up the truth?” 
Ye Xingguang took two steps forward and stood right in front of Xia Wealth. “I know what kind of person you are, better than anyone, so don’t try to fool me with your pretentious talk of fatherly love. It disgusts me!” 
Infuriated beyond words, Xia Wealth, who had lived for so long, was humiliated by a young girl. He raised his hand to slap down Ye Xingguang’s arrogance. 
However, Ye Xingguang moved swiftly. As Xia Wealth’s hand swung down, she grabbed it in mid-air. A normal girl might not have a man’s strength, but her grip held Xia Wealth’s attacking hand so firmly that he couldn’t even move. 
She said, “You’re not qualified to hit me. I’ve already warned you not to mess with me, but you won’t listen. You all think I’m easy to bully. If your daughter doesn’t give me an explanation today, I’ll bring down your Xia’s Family in just a snap of my fingers!” 
After saying that, she fiercely let go of Xia Wealth’s arm. 
Xia Wealth stepped back several steps. 
She was a curse! An utter menace! 
“Yanyan, if you did it, give her the photos.” 
Xia Yanyan insisted, “Dad, I told you it wasn’t me.” noveldrama
“Yanyan, given the situation, even if you did it, I won’t blame you. I know you’ve been wronged a lot recently.” Xia Wealth was out of options. The sooner this disaster left his house, the better. If he couldn’t deal with her, he had to hide from her!
###Chapter 230: Brother…_1 
Translator: 549690339 
But Xia Yanyan stubbornly denied, “Dad, it really wasn’t me!” 
“Get out of the water now! Where’s your phone?” 
“It’s on the tatami. If you don’t believe me, let her take a look!” 
Xia Yanyan’s voice was met with surly arrogant defiance, as she took the towel handed to her and wrapped it around her waist, slowly coming ashore. 
The fish tail, which was just shimmering in the water with an enchanting glow a moment ago, turned into a pair of beautiful, long legs as soon as it left the water. The servant at the side immediately draped a bathrobe over her shoulders. 
Only after the servant had helped her dress, did she leisurely walk towards the tatami, pick up her own phone, unlock it, and hand it to her father. 
She made a much grieved face and said, “Dad, whether there are any pictures of her on my phone, you can check for yourself.” 
Xia Wealth scrolled through his daughter’s phone and found, indeed, nothing. 
Xia Yanyan’s proud gaze fell on Ye Xingguang, laughing, “Ye Xingguang, what do you have to say now?” 
Ye Xingguang’s face was tight, “The absence of them in your phone only means that you’ve destroyed all evidence, Xia Yanyan. Don’t think you can prove your innocence this way, I won’t forgive you unless you surrender all channels of transmission!” 
Upon hearing this, Xia Yanyan immediately nuzzled herself into Xia Ye Zhao’s arms, “Brother, look, this woman is clearly making false accusations. She wants to throw dirt on me. Now I feel so cold. Ah-choo.” 
Upon hearing her sneeze, Xia Ye Zhao felt worried. His gaze fell on the wet swimsuit under her bathrobe, saying softly, “Go change into dry clothes, don’t catch a cold. If you didn’t do this, I won’t allow them to wrong you.” 
Xia Yanyan nodded, and was about to leave with leisurely steps. 
“Thinking of leaving? No way!” Ye Xingguang blocked Xia Yanyan’s path. 
Xia Ye Zhao knit his brows, “Miss Ye, the situation is clear. This incident isn’t Yanyan’s doing. If you continue to cause trouble, it does seem a bit unreasonable. My sister is frail and her clothes are wet, she might catch a cold if she doesn’t change. I understand your feelings, but I hope you understand others as well.” 
But Ye Xingguang wouldn’t let her go. Seeing her big brother care so much about Xia Yanyan made bitterness surge in her heart. 
She couldn’t help but ask in grievance, “Is it a big deal if she catches a cold and not a big deal if my pictures are flying all over the internet?” 
Xia Ye Zhao sternly said, “I’ve already told you, I’ll investigate this matter for you. Please be reasonable, and move aside. I tolerate you because your family saved my little sister once, but this doesn’t give you the right to hurt my family without fear.” noveldrama
Had she hurt his family? 
Did her brother see her that way? 
Ye Xingguang’s impenetrable heart was wounded. The mist welled up in her eyes instantly. 
She defiantly stared at Xia Ye Zhao, her voice choked with emotion, “I won’t let you pass. What about it? I know whether she’s been wronged, and she knows too. Unless she hands everything over, I won’t let her go!” 
Xia Ye Zhao became enraged; and stared back at Ye Xingguang, with an intense gaze: “Miss Ye, don’t you think you are being arrogant! As long as I’m here, I won’t let anyone harm my sister. Yanyan, let’s go.” 
Xia Yanyan nodded, her mood lightened up. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to let them, but she didn’t want to be disrespectful towards her elder brother either. Watching her elder brother protect Xia Yanyan, and leave past her, she could no longer hold back her tears. 
For that moment, she wanted to scream at Xia Ye Zhao, “Brother, I am also your sister! The one being bullied is also your sister!” 
And then, her voice truly broke through, croaking out one word, “Brother…”
###Chapter 231: Why are you so impatient?_1 
Xia Ye Zhao halted in his tracks, his entire body stiffened for a moment before he suddenly turned around, “What did you call me?” 
The rims of Ye Xingguang’s eyes were blurred by tears in an instant. 
She didn’t even know why she felt wronged. Her brother had done nothing wrong. He was just such a person, deeply loving his own sister and unable to bear anyone hurting her. Whether it was her or Xia Yanyan, he was a good brother to both, but she still felt wronged, a persistent sense of grievance. 
Blaming him for not recognizing her… 
Blaming him for protecting Xia Yanyan and not her… 
Irreasonably blaming to the point where even she felt that she was just being capricious. 
But that’s how people are, although one should be rational, they simply can’t control their emotions. Her eyes, blurred with water mist, were locked onto the sudden gaze of the man, her lips tightened into a line… 
Xia Ye Zhao stared at her misty eyes, abruptly feeling as if his heart had been stabbed. 
“Miss Ye, what did you just call me?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t respond, her teeth clenched tightly, she unblinkingly fixed her gaze on Xia Ye Zhao, whose hand was still resting on Xia Yanyan’s shoulder. 
It was unclear how long she watched, then she closed her eyes in pain. 
Thinking about the time when she was six years old, struggling in the roaring waves of the sea, hopelessly calling out to the only warm figure in the world, she kept calling for him, brother… brother… brother… 
But all that answered her were the roaring waves. 
Thinking about the following six years in that foreign world, when everyone had someone to rely on except for her. When she was seen by others as a threat to the inheritance and faced isolation, ostracization, and assassination attempts, all she clung to everyday was the prospect of staying alive, striving for survival—even if just barely—because surviving meant growth. And only then she would have the possibility of going back to find the only brother who had ever loved her. 
But after all the torment, when she finally experienced the sunshine and the dew once again, she realized that she didn’t want to go back at all. 
The figure of her big brother was merely a source of comfort during her suffering. When she finally got through all the hardships and was able to resolve all problems on her own without relying on anyone, the word ‘brother’ was left with only tenderness deep in her memory. 
With these thoughts in mind, Ye Xingguang started running, fearing that if she stayed any longer, she would become completely unreasonable in her brother’s eyes. noveldrama
As Xia Ye Zhao watched her receding figure, his lengthy legs unconsciously moved to follow her. 
Xia Yanyan watched as her brother started to walk away, and she clutched his arm, “Brother, where are you going?” 
“Yanyan, go back and change your clothes by yourself,” Xia Ye Zhao resolved to find Ye Xingguang to clarify, wondering whether her calling him ‘brother’ just now meant what he had been suspecting all along. 
A ludicrous thought crossed his mind, convincing even himself that he must have gone mad. 
Xia Yanyan was relentless, “Brother, forget about her, accompany me back to change clothes, I feel cold…” 
Even so, Xia Ye Zhao didn’t stop but kept going until he heard his father’s concerned voice, “Yanyan, what’s wrong?” 
Xia Ye Zhao, who had walked some distance away, turned around only to see his sister collapsing in the wind. He promptly ran back towards Xia Yanyan. 
Ye Xingguang sprinted out of the Xia’s family home and stopped at the entrance, troubled about what she should do next. 
She didn’t understand why she was so restless, surely it’s just a photograph. Why did it make her as anxious as an ant on a hot pot?
###Chapter 232: She is after My Man_1 
In the darkness of the night, she took out her phone to call Han Chengbei. Her voice trembled with sobs, “The person who took my photo is Xia Yanyan. I have no idea how many media outlets she has sent these pictures to. Can you help me deal with all of them?” 
Upon hearing her voice, Han Chengbei sensed something was wrong. “You’re crying? Don’t cry, don’t cry. Brother will find a way to solve this. Where are you now? I’ll come find you.” 
“Don’t call yourself ‘brother’, the last thing I want to hear right now is ‘brother’. Otherwise, we’re through!” 
Not knowing what had happened to her, Han Chengbei quickly changed his tone as if trying to appease a highly esteemed ancestor, “Alright, my dear, where are you?” 
Ye Xingguang wiped away her tears and said, “I’m at the entrance of the Xia’s family mansion.” 
“The Xia’s family’s mansion? Xia Yanyan’s house?” 
“Mmm.” 
From the other end of the phone, came the rustling sound of movement and Han Chengbei’s comforting voice, “How did you upset Xia Yanyan? Okay, wait there for me. My house isn’t too far from the Xia’s. I’ll come find you now. Don’t cry. Hearing you cry is breaking my heart.” 
Ye Xingguang rubbed her nose forcefully, “Who’s crying? It’s just the wind blowing into my eyes.” 
And indeed, a cold wind swept by, causing her to feel as if she was plunging into an icy pit. 
“Nevermind, I won’t keep you. Just hurry up, I don’t want to stand here for too long.” 
With that, she ended the call. 
She wanted to check with the President’s office to see if her cousin’s wife had helped her interrogate Suda, but when she went to dial the number, she realized she didn’t have it. So all she could do was wait for Han Chengbei in the darkness of the night. 
Han Chengbei arrived quickly. Instead of driving, he showed up on a motorbike, looking a bit overdressed for the occasion. 
He wore slippers on his feet, a cartoon bear pajama on his body, his hair was a mess, completely lacking any semblance of a public figure. However, his handsome face still looked charmingly nonchalant under the moonlight. 
Even so, Ye Xingguang was in no mood to address Han Chengbei’s shabbiness, she only mumbled, “What in the world are you wearing?” 
Han Chengbei replied, “I just crawled out of bed, my dear.Quickly, hop on.” 
“Oh.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was still wearing the evening gown she borrowed from Ye Tingnan, definitely not the best outfit for riding a motorcycle. She opted to sit sideways, with both of her legs together on one side. Once she was seated securely, she said, “Alright.” 
Han Chengbei threw over his shoulder, “Hold on tight.” 
And with that, the motorbike roared to life under their feet, leaving the onlooking drivers in their dust. 
The night breeze brushed softly against them, causing Ye Xingguang to hold down her dress. She asked, “Where are we going?” 
Han Chengbei replied with his own question, “You didn’t score any favors at the Xia’s?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t speak. 
Han Chengbei asked again, “You’re certain it was Xia Yanyan who did this?” 
“Yeah, I checked the surveillance at the President’s mansion, but the portion with me in it was deleted. The surveillance room staff had contact with Xia Yanyan. Apart from her, I can’t think of anyone else.” 
This surprised Han Chengbei, “Xia Yanyan is usually too proud to pay attention to regular people. What skills do you have to have become her target? Is it because I told you to get back at Xia Ye Zhao and you didn’t?” 
Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth, “She has her eyes on my man.” 
Han Chengbei yelled out, nearly losing control of the bike, “What?” 
“You need to focus on driving.” 
Han Chengbei steadied himself and turned his head sideways, “Xia Yanyan is interested in your man. The ex-boyfriend from the photo?” 
“No, it’s my official partner.” 
“Who is your official partner who managed to catch Xia Yanyan’s interest?” Han Chengbei became even more curious.
###Chapter 233: Why Do You Care So Much About His Thoughts?_1 
“That’s not the point at all, the focus should be on how to delete all the photos that have been circulating and prove my innocence. Otherwise, Xia Yanyan’s plot to sow discord will succeed, and I don’t want my official match to misunderstand me…” 
Han Chengbei, riding a motorbike in the night wind, retorts: “How is this not the point? Spill it, who is your match? The men who can catch Xia Yanyan’s eye in this world aren’t many. That proud fish beauty, she doesn’t even fancy me, but I also don’t fancy her.” 
Han Chengbei’s tone reeks of sour grapes. 
Ye Xingguang doesn’t want to talk: “Right now, Xia Yanyan refuses to admit it, and I temporarily can’t do anything about her. So you’d better start thinking about how I can prove my innocence, and how I can find out who she has sent the pictures to.” 
“My goodness, don’t rush me. Let me think about this slowly.” 
For some reason, Han Chengbei suddenly veers his motorbike in a direction, rushing off at a flying speed as he says, “I’ll take you to Ye Li.” 
“Ye Li?! You mean, Xia Yanyan’s assistant?” 
“Exactly, that’s her. Xia Yanyan’s matters are definitely handled by her. Let’s go find Ye Li, it’s guaranteed we can’t go wrong.” 
Elsewhere, in a foreign country, Ye Junqing leaves the hotel, gets into his car, a dark Rolls-Royce Phantom, and zooms towards the airport. 
Sitting inside the car with a grim face, Ye Junqing calls Mo Fei: “You go to Xia’s Family, protect your sister-in-law. Let her do whatever she wants in Xia’s family, but if the people of Xia’s family dare to bully her, don’t hold back, take more people with you!” 
Mo Fei: “Yes.” 
After hanging up, Ye Junqing calls Tang Zhou: “Those in the self-media channels currently have a lot of photos of your sister-in-law with her ex-boyfriend. You go clean up all those photos. If you can’t handle it, get your match on it.” 
Tang Zhou disagrees: “Brother Qing, why wouldn’t I be able to handle it? Who needs to call Shen Mo? But who is my sister-in-law?” 
“Ye Xingguang!” He pronounces each word heavily. 
Understanding dawns on Tang Zhou. He exclaims, “Brother Qing, did Little Starlight cheat on you with her ex?” 
Ye Junqing, pinching the bridge of his nose, doesn’t want to entertain Tang Zhou — none of these brothers of his are considerate, even Xiao Yun would be better. He says in a deep voice, “Get Shen Mo involved. He’s been living off you, take full advantage of him now. Have him deal with this situation and clean up thoroughly. If it’s not handled completely by the time I return to the capital, that means you are incapable of asserting control over him, you’d be worthless!” 
Motivated by the word ‘worthless’, Tang Zhou responds, “Brother Qing, I’m going to get him to work right away. I can’t let him mooch off me for nothing!” 
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing’s facial expression softens a bit, he lazily says: “Go on, everything should be put to good use, even if it means using a butcher’s cleaver to kill a chicken!” 
Yelling in excitement, Tang Zhou feels invigorated by the thought of exploiting Shen Mo. He ends the call and scuttles away to pass on the orders. 
Over here, Han Chengbei found out Ye Li’s address. By the time they arrived, the apartment was already deserted. The lights were still on in Ye Li’s house, but she was gone. The TV in the living room wasn’t turned off, the door wasn’t locked either, leaving Han Chengbei puzzled. Could she have slipped away after getting a tip-off? 
In the end, he scrutinized the slightly warm honey grapefruit tea on the coffee table and concluded, “It seems she ran away. We are one step behind.” noveldrama
Looking at Ye Xingguang’s furrowed brows and her serious expression, Han Chengbei casually put his arm on her arm, comforting her. 
“My goodness, don’t worry. It’s a minor matter. Isn’t it just that your match doesn’t believe you? Anyway, he doesn’t love you. Why do you care about the opinion of a man who would rather take thirty baths? “
###Chapter 234: She Wants to Fly into the Flame_1 
“Who cares about his thoughts?” Ye Xingguang shrugged off Han Chengbei’s hand. 
Han Chengbei sighed, “If you don’t care about his thoughts, why are you acting like an ant on a hot pan?” 
“When did I act like an ant on a hot pan?” 
Han Chengbei pulled her in front of the mirror at Ye Li’s house, “Look at yourself in the mirror, it clearly says: ‘It’s over, Officer misunderstood it, how can I clear my name now? Why can’t he trust me for once, oh my God, you didn’t fall in love with him, did you?’” 
Ye Xingguang stared at herself in the mirror, her heart trembling, “Is it really that obvious?” 
She also felt that she was too impatient tonight, too unsettled, she did not understand why. 
But Han Chengbei’s words woke her up, that’s right, she was afraid that Officer could’ve misunderstood the situation with the photo, which made her extremely flustered. 
Han Chengbei stood by, “It’s over, the Couple that specialized in selling regret-potion is about to be ruined, who is that dog-man who separated our iron-clad partnership?” 
“You’re the dog!” Only she could call him a dog-man, not others! 
Han Chengbei was displeased, looking at her, “What’s your standard? Is officer more handsome than me? Does he earn more money than me? Does he understand women better than me? Do you like him because he doesn’t like to shower, or because he likes to pick his foot?” 
Ye Xingguang lifted her leg, fiercely kicking Han Chengbei, “Shut up, he’s much better than you, you love to pick your foot!” 
Han Chengbei was unconvinced, “Tell me, in what ways is he better than me? What are his good qualities?” 
Ye Xingguang thought for a moment, “He’s extremely sarcastic, when he hits my face he shows no mercy, he always tells me to get lost, sweep me out, forces me to spend more than half of my salary on him, and always sends his goons to teach me a lesson…” noveldrama
A flock of crows flew over Han Chengbei’s head, “All you’ve listed seem like faults, is he some kind of a supreme jerk?” 
Ye Xingguang ruffled her hair, she was feeling wronged, her mind full of Officer’s unpleasant side, she was furious, “I haven’t yet discovered his good traits.” 
Han Chengbei: “!!!” 
Han Chengbei, “You’re so desperate for a guy that even a jerk like him could catch your eye. There’s a good man right in front of you, please open your eyes wide to look. My foolish girl, you hold the universe in your hands, you deserve the best man in the world!” 
Yet Ye Xingguang said, “But when he’s ill, I really feel pain for him, it’s a strange feeling, seeing him always relapsing, I especially want to take care of him.” 
Thinking of this, she despised herself for being so weak! 
It’s all her heart’s fault, being too soft! 
Han Chengbei rolled his eyes, “It’s over, you’re even into a sickling, has the Civil Affairs Bureau got a grudge against you, giving you a top-grade sickly jerk? You’re now anxious, fearing he’ll misunderstand that you and your ex-boyfriend are still together? How can I wake you up? My sweet, foolish girl~” 
After some thought, Han Chengbei said earnestly, “Wake up, if you fall in love with this kind of man, you’re certain to live an unfortunate life.” 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, would falling in love with Officer be her misfortune? 
That’s right, when he initially took her home from the Civil Affairs Bureau, his words were so heartless! 
But, why couldn’t she resist the temptation even with Han Chengbei’s well-intentioned advice echoing in her ears? 
It seemed like she had suddenly seen through to her true feelings. Officer told her to listen to her heart’s voice, she suddenly felt that she had finally heard her own heart at this moment. That’s right, it might sound a bit pathetic, but she wanted to risk it come what may.
###Chapter 235: The nation leads the way, the cultivation is up to the individual!_1 
Indeed, she found herself unable to control her heart. Despite the man she was in love with clearly being full of faults, she was swept up by the idea of running towards the flame to give it a shot. Even if it didn’t end well, she’d at least have tried and would have no regrets. She didn’t want the opportunity given by the nation to be in vain. 
What was that slogan from the Civil Affairs Bureau again? 
The nation leads the way, personal growth follows! 
With that thought in mind, she no longer hesitated. She grabbed Han Chengbei’s arm and said, “I need a favor. Can you take me to the President’s residence? I need to see if the deleted video can be restored. I must prove my innocence. No one can ruin the chance I want to take, especially Xia Yanyan!” 
On the other side, Ye Junqing, who was on his private jet, received a call from Mo Fei, revealing that Ye Xingguang had already left the Xia’s family. 
Ye Junqing’s face darkened as he asked, “Was she mistreated at Xia’s house?” 
Mo Fei replied, “It’s not very clear, but according to the guard at Xia’s house, she left crying. I called her earlier. She’s on her way to see the President. She mentioned that the surveillance video showing the truth behind the photographs was erased. She’s trying to see if she can recover the footage. I offered to help, as dealing with the President’s staff isn’t something she can manage easily. But she said there’s no need, the President will cover for her.” 
“Who did you say would cover for her?” Ye Junqing’s voice turned abruptly icy. 
Mo Fei replied, “The President, Yanbei.” 
As a man of few words, Mo Fei was about to end the call. “Brother Junqing, I have to hang up now if there’s nothing else to discuss. My little girl has a stomachache and she’s having treatment at the hospital, so I need to take care of her.” 
Then, he hung up the call. 
As soon as Mo Fei hung up, a call came from Tang Zhou. “Brother Junqing, Leng Chenmo sorted out the task you delegated. But to be honest, we didn’t even need him. Most of the leaked photos had been intercepted by Han Chengbei. Nonetheless, Leng Chenmo suggested finding Xia Yanyan’s assistant Ye Li to look for missed photos. She should have complete information. However, when my guy arrived at Ye Li’s house, she had already been taken away by the President’s people.” 
“Again, Yanbei?” Ye Junqing’s voice was as cold as ice. 
Tang Zhou said, “It’s quite strange when did our little star hook up with the President? But it’s not just the President; even Han Chengbei has stated publicly that Xia Yanyan is his pampered sweetheart. Anyone who dares to leak damaging news about her would be his enemy. The President is fine, he’s a married man after all. But Han Chengbei has the audacity to aim for your girl. Who does he think he is, brother? Do you want me to have him beaten?” 
“No need!” Ye Junqing was peeved by Yanbei, not Han Chengbei! 
Ye Junqing’s exquisitely handsome face was dominated by a blood-thirsty glint in his eyes. Her recurrent habit annoyed him; she always sought comfort from Yanbei whenever things went awry. As if he, her partner, was dead! noveldrama
Once upon a time, Yanbei was the biggest support to his beloved girl. Every time they had a major disagreement, Yanbei, the meddler, would come to his house and take his girl away. Most peacemakers aim for reconciliation, not separation. Yet, Yanbei was nothing less than a roadblock in his love life! 
Thinking about it, Ye Junqing wished to chop Yanbei into pieces, regardless of him being a national leader now!
###Chapter 236: Who is Her Real Backer! _1 
Tang Zhou continued, “Oh, even though Ye Li was taken away by the President’s men, my sidekick, Leng Chenmo, suggested hacking into Ye Li’s email. We discovered that Ye Li had send photos of Xia Yanyan cuddling with her ex-boyfriend to the Civil Affairs Bureau. But don’t worry, I’ve already asked a hacker to infiltrate the Bureau’s complaint email system.” 
“What!?” Ye Junqing, fuming, barked out a reply. 
“Huh? Not hacking? If we don’t, Xia Yanyan will surely be invited to ‘drink tea’ by the Civil Affairs Bureau tomorrow.” 
Ye Junqing, his jealousy spilled over like overturned vinegar, retorted angrily, “Not asking me for help when she’s in trouble but seeking assistance from other men. A woman who makes me wear the ‘green hat’ deserves a wakeup call from the Civil Affairs Bureau. She’s completely clueless about who her real support is!” 
Having said that, Ye Junqing slammed the phone down. noveldrama
However, after less than five minutes of brooding, he sheepishly made a call back to Tang Zhou, “Hack the Civil Affairs Bureau’s complaint email.” 
In a particularly uninterested tone, Tang Zhou replied, “Didn’t you say you wanted Xia Yanyan to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to come to her senses? Changing your mind after just five minutes, where is your firm stand?” 
His response was met with a merciless dial tone. 
On the other hand, Ye Xingguang returned to the President’s house, the dinner party was entirely over, and all the guests had left. 
Ye Xingguang had a smooth journey into the monitoring room in the President’s house. 
Upon witnessing this, Han Chengbei was astonished in his pajamas and slippers. “Wow, you’re incredible. I can’t even casually enter the Presidential Residence, and yet, you just made a call to the gatehouse, and someone was guided to pick you up. Tell me honestly, did the President also buy your regret medicine?” 
Ye Xingguang was evasive, “What are you talking about? Why would the President buy regret medicine from me? The President is my elder cousin – we’re relatives. Naturally, I can enter whenever I like.” 
Again, Han Chengbei was utterly shocked, “The President is your cousin? How come I didn’t know about that?” 
“Who are you to me that you have to know everything about me? The President’s grandfather is my godfather. My godfather and the President had an agreement, and they’re looking out for me. That’s it, don’t overthink it.” 
While walking and thinking, Han Chengbei wondered, “The President’s grandfather, isn’t that the fearsome old man who could make everyone tremble in the capital just by stomping his foot? We younger generation are all afraid of him. Why on earth would you acknowledge him as your godfather?” 
“My godfather fierce? He’s charming and down to earth. He even often cooks fish for me to eat.” 
Feeling doubtful, Han Chengbei wondered if the godfather Ye Xingguang described was the same person he knew. 
While they were talking, the two of them arrived at the surveillance room. 
They were greeted by Qin Yao, “Miss Ye, Suda is stone-hearted, insisting that this matter has nothing to do with Miss Xia and he did it all by himself.” 
Ye Xingguang snorted, “A Xia Yanyan’s diehard fan! Can the deleted video be recovered?” 
Qin Yao said, “The engineers are trying to restore the video, but Suda is very tech-savvy. The videos he deleted would likely be challenging for others to restore. It may take some time.” 
Ye Xingguang noted that she could wait. 
Qin Yao arranged a cup of coffee for her. After taking care of everything, he left the surveillance room. 
Ye Xingguang pulled a chair to the side and sat down, waiting for the engineers to restore the surveillance. After two hours, the deleted surveillance had not been restored, she couldn’t help but get a bit impatient. Yawning, she asked the engineer, “Hey tech-bro, is it going well?”
###Chapter 237: So Damn Envious!_1 
Han Chengbei was yawning endlessly, adding, “If you can’t do it, just say it directly. Don’t waste my time.” 
The technician recovering the data was empathetically embarrassed, “Suda is the best technician here, even the NO.1 in the hacker world. It was because of his technical talent that he was hired by the presidential palace. The surveillance video he deleted is indeed difficult to deal with. Miss Ye, please wait. Besides waiting, you don’t have any other options. Or, you can go back first, once I’ve recovered the data, I’ll call you and send the recovered surveillance video to your cell phone.” 
“Forget it, I’ll wait.” noveldrama
If she went home now, even sleep wouldn’t come to her. 
The First Lady sent her a midnight snack. After finishing it, she felt a bit refreshed and realized it was already past midnight. She became so exhausted that she barely kept her eyes open and unconsciously curled up and fell asleep on the chair. 
Han Chengbei also couldn’t hold on, yawning continuously, he fell asleep on the chair next to her. He finally woke up as dawn was breaking and heard the technician say faintly: “The recovery is complete, Miss Ye, is this what you wanted?” 
By the time Han Chengbei rubbed his eyes and got up, Ye Xingguang was already looking at the surveillance on the computer screen. 
The deleted surveillance footage showed her walking out from backstage, standing not far from the restroom in the hallway to calm her mind. 
Soon, Yun Chen found her, and walked towards her. She didn’t want to be tangled up with Yun Chen, but he hugged her and wouldn’t let go. Annoyed, she slapped Yun Chen. 
As Han Chengbei walked over while stretching himself, he clapped his hands and applauded loudly, “That slap was glorious! It was a magnificent reflection of world’s rejected ex-boyfriends. This can be taken as a classic example for girls who are abandoned by their boyfriends in the future.” 
Without speaking, Ye Xingguang kept her eyes on the surveillance and very quickly noticed Xia Yanyan in the corner of the restroom taking photos with her phone. 
Ye Xingguang’s lips tightened into a line, full of rage, “I knew it was her!” 
Han Chengbei patted her shoulder, “Well, you can now tell your official boyfriend and stop worrying. Copy the video on your phone quickly so we can leave. This awful chair hurts all of my body.” 
“Actually, I wasn’t too worried.” 
After the rain comes the sun, Ye Xingguang laughed hollowly, masking her true feelings. 
Han Chengbei wasn’t even bothered to mock her, he just wanted to know who her official boyfriend was – damn, he was so jealous! If a girl worried about a misunderstanding like that with him, he’d be over the moon! 
When the technician finally sent the recovered surveillance footage to her phone, Ye Xingguang couldn’t wait to call Ye Junqing to explain. But looking at the time – four in the morning – that big troublemaker was definitely asleep. Better to wait until the morning. 
At this moment, the big troublemaker had already rushed back from abroad, and was now racing down the chilly streets in his car. 
After leaving the presidential palace, Han Chengbei, still wearing his pajamas, rode his motorcycle, taking Ye Xingguang home. 
Ye Xingguang gave an address, asking Han Chengbei to drop her off at the entrance to the bridge leading to the central island. 
After Han Chengbei dropped her off, he complained bitterly, “You’re just going to let me leave you here? You plan on walking across this entire bridge and then back home just to not let me know who that lowlife official boyfriend is? You’re really hard on yourself. My god, your glorious image in my heart is completely destroyed, you know that?”
###Chapter 238: Get Over Here!_1 
After getting off the motorbike, Ye Xingguang waved her hand, “I don’t care about how I appear in your mind. I’m leaving. Bye.” 
This sentence hit his pride heavily! 
Han Chengbei hauled her back onto the motorbike, saying, “What do you mean by bye? Leaving you alone to walk in the middle of the night, even if that man who would rather take thirty showers than touch you is alright with this, I’m not. Sit tight, I’ll drop you at your doorstep, or how about I find a nearby hotel, and we get a room to catch up on sleep?” 
“Rest my foot! If my official partner hears you say this, he’ll most likely toss you into the Central River to feed the fishes.” 
Han Chengbei started the motorbike and said, “If he’s brave, let him come. I will beat him so hard that he’ll be searching for his teeth all over the ground, let’s see if he dares to mistrust you again, making me stay awake with you all night causing havoc!” 
Just as he finished talking, a convoy roared towards them from a distance. The bright car lights shone right onto their faces. The dazzling light made Ye Xingguang reflexively shield her eyes with her hand. 
Once she got used to the light, she looked back. Why does that convoy look like Big Tumor’s vehicle? 
Does Big Tumor have clairvoyance and clairaudience, speak of the devil and he appears? 
Just as she was puzzled, Han Chengbei cursed softly, recognizing the convoy by the license plate, “Damn, I haven’t yet taken revenge for him breaking my arm last time, and Ye Junqing dares to blind me with his strong headlights!” 
Xiao Yun sat in the car, looking at the man and woman outside the window, and couldn’t help but hold his forehead. This was really inconvenient! 
Outside the car, Ye Xingguang finally adjusted to the light and saw a serious-faced man come out of the car. 
The footsteps came against the light, exuding a strong aura. 
Probably due to the strong impression left by Ye Junqing dislocating Han Chengbei’s arm last time, Ye Xingguang instinctively jumped off Han Chengbei’s motorbike and then hurriedly urged him, “Quickly, ride your motorbike and go!” 
“Run for what? Are you saying I’m afraid of Ye Junqing? Darling, the fact that he was able to dislocate my arm last time was not because of his superior strength, but because he ambushed me when I was unprepared. You stay behind and watch my real strength.” 
Han Chengbei also got off the motorbike, steadied it, and fearlessly watched Ye Junqing walking towards them. 
“Ye Junqing, I didn’t expect that you would dare to show up in front of me. Good, let’s settle the score about you dislocating my arm last time!” 
Ye Junqing had absolutely no interest in him. Ever since the name Yanbei came up, Han Chengbei had become insignificant to him, lacking even the ability to provoke his jealousy. 
With his long legs, he walked straight towards Ye Xingguang. 
Han Chengbei also noticed that Ye Junqing had treated him like air, his eyes only on Ye Xingguang next to him. 
This made Han Chengbei particularly pissed! 
No one had ever treated him like air before! 
Suddenly, he pulled Ye Xingguang into his arms, “The heck, where are you looking? Even my woman can be ogled by you?” 
“Your woman?” 
Ye Junqing sneered, “Why don’t you ask her, see if she agrees.” 
Nonchalantly, Han Chengbei retorted, “If not my woman, could she be yours, then? Maybe you should call her and see if she responds?” 
[Author’s note: the update ends here for today. I’m asking for recommendation votes, send all your recommendation votes to me. Also, to the little fairies on Red Sleeve App, please drop red beans for Ye Xingguang. Kiss kiss]noveldrama
###Chapter 239: Ye Junqing Is My Official Match! _1 
Han Chengbei had barely finished his sentence when Ye Junqing’s cold voice cut in, his countenance stern: “Come here now!” 
Ye Xingguang’s heart pounded. Hastily, she pried Han Chengbei’s arm away from her waist and moved towards Ye Junqing. 
But as soon as she took a step, Han Chengbei grabbed her arm. 
Han Chengbei complained in a low voice, “What are you doing? He calls, and you just go to him, where does that leave my pride?” 
“I am his woman.” 
This guy, can he stop making things difficult for her? 
Han Chengbei paused in surprise, “What? So you have been having an affair with Ye Junqing, behind your husband’s back?” 
Ye Xingguang nearly stomped her foot, “Nonsense! Who said anything about having an affair? Ye Junqing is my husband!” 
Han Chengbei felt a buzzing sensation, “What did you say?” 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes, “I am the girl they called ‘Koi Girl’ online.” 
Han Chengbei stood there as if struck by a thunderbolt. Looking at Ye Xingguang, then at Ye Junqing, he let out a quiet curse, “Damn, I was such a fool, I missed all the signs!” noveldrama
No wonder last time Ye Junqing, as if in a daze, suddenly took off his arm and hoisted her into the car! 
Was he the one who’d been made a fool of, and showed her favor all the while? 
“Okay, I’m leaving. Thanks for your help last night. Let’s have a meal together someday.” 
Then she briskly stepped towards Ye Junqing, saying, “Why are you here? Weren’t you abroad? But your timing is perfect because I was just about to call you to explain about the pictures. Let’s talk in the car.” 
Ye Junqing seemed pleased with her initiative. He glanced at Han Chengbei with a dangerous look, then, in a flagrant display of ownership, swept Ye Xingguang into his arms and briskly walked her to his car. 
Once they were in the car, Ye Xingguang immediately took out her phone, opened a video, and began to explain. 
“I didn’t mean to ignore your calls last night. I just wanted to get the footage first before explaining to you about the photos. Look at this surveillance video – you can see I didn’t do anything wrong.” 
But Ye Junqing didn’t even glance at it after he settled down. 
“Please, look at it.” She didn’t want him to misunderstand. 
Ye Junqing’s voice was frosty. “No need.” 
“Why not?” 
All night, she’d been trying to gather evidence to prove herself whenever he doubted her and Shi Yun Chen’s relationship. And now, he won’t even take a glance? Had she wasted her whole night? 
Ye Junqing’s face was stormy as he focused on Ye Xingguang’s face, desperate to prove her innocence. His voice was a mere whisper, “Do you think I wouldn’t trust you?” 
“Isn’t it? Then why did you call me so much?” 
Everytime he recalled the calls he made which she didn’t pick up and, instead, sought help from others, Ye Junqing felt a surge of anger. 
“So making those calls means I don’t trust you? Ye Xingguang, do you think I’m stupid enough to be easily swayed by others? In your heart, am I that foolish?” 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback. Wasn’t it so? Fu Zhuo called her and let her know that he was very angry. Confused, she asked, “Then what are you angry about?” 
“Figure it out yourself!” 
After dropping these words, Ye Junqing didn’t want to bother with her anymore. Instead, he told the driver coldly, “Drive to the Xia’s Family.” 
Ye Xingguang, looking at the gray sky outside the window, murmured, “Isn’t it too early to go there now? They might all still be asleep.” 
“Too early? For what?” Ye Junqing was still furious, his scathing comment hung in the air, “I didn’t sleep, you didn’t sleep, why should the instigator enjoy a good dream?”
###Chapter 240: How Does the Great Tumor Plan to Seek Justice for Her?_1 
Early in the morning, the Xia family was still asleep when Xia Wealth received a phone call from the gatekeeper, saying that Ye Junqing had arrived. With his eyes half-closed, Xia Weatlh grumbled, “Tell him to come when it’s light out. Is he blind to the time?!” 
No sooner had these words left his mouth than a sudden loud bang echoed in the silent night, flames skyrocketing. Shocked, Xia Wealth sat up abruptly in his bed, “What’s going on?” 
The guard quivered on the phone: “Sir… Miss Ye holds a rocket launcher. She fired straight at the manor gate after hearing what you said.” 
The gate, already damaged not long ago by Miss Ye with her car, was now completely ruined. Yet, with Ye Junqing’s bodyguard standing nearby, the gatekeeper didn’t dare to raise a word of protest. 
Ye Xingguang found firing the rocket launcher thrilling, she didn’t expect such a powerful weapon in Ye Junqing’s vehicle. noveldrama
Just as the iron gate was blown away, eleven showy and ostentatious Rolls-Royce cars sped into the Xia Family’s villa. 
By the time the Xia family of four gathered in the living room in the midst of yawning, Ye Junqing was already sitting in the living room of Dawson’s Villa, leisurely sipping his tea. Ye Xingguang, however, was not there; she was commanded to stay in the car and reflect on her actions. 
Ye Xingguang was sulking. What was there to reflect about? She hadn’t done anything wrong. Her only mistake was caring too much about his opinion. 
With a sulky gaze, she couldn’t help but turn her eyes towards the living room of Dawson’s Villa. She wondered what the big tumour planned to do to get justice for her. 
Chopping Xia Yanyan into fish sauce wouldn’t even ease the hatred in her heart! 
Inside the Xia Family’s living room. 
With his nightgown still on, Xia Wealth stomped downstairs, fuming: “Ye Junqing, you’re crossing the line! Trespassing into my manor in the middle of the night and even daring to blast my gate with a rocket launcher! Do you know who gifted this mansion to us, the Xias? Do you dare to blast it?” 
Ye Junqing, long-legged and laid back on the couch, didn’t even bother to lift an eyelid to Xia Wealth’s rant, only clinked his teacup when he heard Xia Ye Zhao descending the stairs. 
A faint sound, yet it seemed like a heavy bomb, hitting hard on the hearts of the Xia family. 
Ye Junqing was nonchalant when calm, but when irritated, he was a fearful sight. Everyone in the Xia family, except for Xia Ye Zhao, found it hard to bear. 
Xia Ye Zhao had also heard about his mansion’s gate getting blown up. His face was unpleasant too: “Ye Junqing, what are you up to?” 
“What am I up to? I want to ask you, what did you do to my woman to make her run out crying from your house?” 
In this house, the only person who could upset Little Mermaid and make her cry was Xia Ye Zhao and nobody else. 
If Ye Junqing wouldn’t square things with Xia Ye Zhao, then who else? 
Remembering Ye Xingguang’s tearful call for her ‘brother’ as she left, Xia Ye Zhao felt his emotions stir. 
In fact, he had not slept soundly the whole night, his mind filled with that single call for ‘brother’. 
Throughout the night, he had people investigate Ye Xingguang’s family background. Discovering that her surname was neither the same as his father’s nor his mother’s, the record stated that she was adopted. 
Then, he watched her performance at the Presidential banquet, her soprano singing, far beyond any human range. Even Yanyan couldn’t compete. However, he remembered an occasion from his childhood when his little sister had hidden away and vented her dissatisfaction by singing. 
Xia Ye Zhao knew that his little sister’s vocal range was higher than Yanyan’s. 
Though his sister was only six when she left, he was hard-pressed to imagine what a twenty-two-year-old her would look like. yet the moment he laid his eyes on Ye Xingguang, he felt an inexplicable sense of familiarity. Combined with the various hints, the answer was apparent. 
He was almost certain that Ye Xingguang was his sister… Qiongqiong!
###Chapter 241: Glanced at Xiao Yun, Beat Her! _1 
Xia Ye Zhao had intended to look for Qiongqiong after sunrise, but Night King arrived at his home earlier than expected. 
Xia Ye Zhao only saw Night King, without Qiongqiong, and couldn’t help looking outside hesitantly, “You came by yourself, Miss Night didn’t come?” noveldrama
“And do what, make her cry again?” Night King threw these words at him. Cold, intimidating, and assertive. 
Xia Ye Zhao felt wronged, “Miss Night had her photo taken last night. To avoid a misunderstanding, I traced the photographer and found Yanyan. She was swimming in the pool at that time, and I was afraid she would catch a cold. I asked her to go back to the room and change her clothes. Miss Night was too agitated, wouldn’t let Yanyan leave. All I did was suggest that she calm down a little before there was solid proof. I didn’t do anything to her.” 
Night King’s face grew cold, “You defend her and ask my woman to calm down?” 
No wonder Little Mermaid cried! 
Wearing a silk nightgown, Xia Yanyan lazily came downstairs, “She should indeed calm down. Making baseless accusations, carrying out deeds that can’t see the light of day, and causing a ruckus in my house. Night King, don’t assume she’s innocent just because her family once saved my younger sister. Who knows what kind of person she is behind your back?” 
Xia Yanyan had figured it out. The reason Night King had suddenly changed his attitude towards White Lotus was because her family had saved her little sister. 
Xia Ye Zhao frowned, “Yanyan, be quiet.” 
“It’s the truth.” 
Xia Yanyan, thinking she had nothing to fear, put on an innocent, wronged face, “She accused me without proof. Does that mean I should quietly accept the blame without getting angry? Where’s the fairness in that?” 
Hmm… 
“Without proof?” 
Night King’s stern face was filled with coldness. He glanced sideways at Xiao Yun, Hit her! 
Understanding his intentions, Xiao Yun walked straight to Xia Yanyan, opened a video, “Miss Xia, is this what you referred to when you said there’s no proof? Then you really are innocent.” 
At the moment Xia Yanyan, who had seemed fearless, saw the surveillance video, her expression changed instantly. 
How could this happen? 
Hadn’t the surveillance video been deleted? 
Xia Ye Zhao, standing on the side, also saw the video. His face turned gloomy as if in disbelief, “Yanyan, what’s this all about?” 
Xia Yanyan was at a loss for words, but she decided not to explain. After all, her brother would never fail to protect her. 
She said, “Brother, I was just confused and angry. You know how she came to our house last time and smashed all my stuff.” 
Hearing her words, Xia Ye Zhao became angry, “The incident that time, our family was at fault. And tonight, someone wanted to humiliate you at the state banquet, but she helped you save face, yet you schemed against her behind her back. How have I taught you?” 
When Xia Ye Zhao got angry, even Xia Wealth was afraid, let alone Xia Yanyan. In this family, although her eldest brother loved her, he wouldn’t indulge her recklessly. Seeing her big brother’s change of countenance, Xia Yanyan immediately hid behind Wang Zimei. 
But her big brother’s words made her angry. 
She retorted, “Brother, how do you know she really wanted to help me? I think she clearly wanted to show off at my expense. You have no idea how people mocked me, saying I’m not even as good as a nobody! How can I swallow this insult?” 
Hearing his sister’s lack of remorse, Xia Ye Zhao was utterly disappointed, “You’re so spoiled by our parents that you can’t even tell right from wrong! You’ve made a mistake, yet you maliciously speculate about others. Go and apologize to Miss Night with me!” 
Night King sat on the sofa, not interested in listening to Xia Ye Zhao lecture his sister, he didn’t have time for that, “Don’t bother apologizing. If it’s not heartfelt, my woman doesn’t care for it. Give some practical compensation. I want ten percent of Xia Corporation’s shares as compensation for her mental distress!”
###Chapter 242: Merely Because She is My Woman, Ye Junqing_1 
“What did you say?” Xia Wealth, who had been standing silent by the side, heard Ye Junqing’s assertive voice and was thunderstruck. “Ye Junqing, so you came here to rob us this morning. You had the audacity to ask for ten percent of the shares.” 
Xia Yanyan could hardly believe her ears. “Ye Junqing, are you out of your mind? I only own twenty percent of the shares in Xia’s Corporation! Why would I give her ten percent of the shares over a trivial matter like this?” 
Ye Junqing’s intense gaze drifted over to Xia Yanyan’s face. He sneered, “In your eyes, slandering and accusing my woman of cheating is just a negligible thing?” noveldrama
“So what? Even if I gather all the scandalous photos back, what could this possibly influence? Your demand for ten percent of our family’s shares is absurd!” 
Xia Yanyan was about to explode in anger! 
Why did Ye Junqing protect that White Lotus so much? 
“You think the reputation of the future matron of Ye’s Corporation can be appeased by ten percent of Xia’s Corporation’s shares? Not asking for twenty percent of the shares is considering the long-standing friendship between me and Xia Ye Zhao. If you utter another word, it rises by ten percent, two words, twenty percent. Keep chattering if you wish.” 
Ye Junqing placed his teacup on the coffee table, leaning into the chair’s backrest. His posture seemed completely carefree, yet his expression remained calm and indifferent, which terrified Xia Yanyan. 
She didn’t know why, but she suddenly didn’t dare to say another word. An indescribable fear rose in her heart. 
Her overbearing arrogance subsided as she walked over and held onto Xia Ye Zhao’s arm. “Brother, don’t agree to him. At worst, I’ll apologize to Ye Xingguang.” 
Xia Ye Zhao remained silent, his mind occupied by the image of the tear-stained girl calling him “brother” in distress. 
Xia Wealth, standing nearby, spoke in a low voice, “Ye Zhao, calm down! The wealth of the Xia family can not fall into the hands of others.” 
He had no business acumen, and Xia’s Corporation had long been under the autonomous management of his son. Xia Wealth feared that his upright son would err greatly and transfer the shares to the small-town girl. 
He spoke on behalf of his son: “Ye Junqing, this is impossible.” 
Ye Junqing squinted his eyes. His voice was soft, the tone was low, almost as if strangling one’s throat. “Impossible? Xia Wealth, you haven’t given me an account for hiring someone to assassinate my wife, right?” 
Xia Wealth’s face lost all color when he was questioned in such a way. 
Xiao Yun put the share transfer agreement, just printed in the car, on the coffee table. “Mr. Xia, as Sir Ye said, if you do not sign this document, Xia’s family will henceforth be an enemy of the Ye family. Ye’s Corporation will do everything in its power to seek justice for the future CEO’s wife, even at the risk of mutual loss. If Xia’s family does not go bankrupt, Sir Ye would have failed as a husband.” 
Wow! At this remark, not just the Xia’s family, even the bodyguards accompanying Ye Junqing were shocked. 
What protective stance was this? 
The one who couldn’t accept this the most was Xia Yanyan. “What makes her deserving of this? What gives her the right to be treated this way by you?” 
[Author’s Note: The update ends here for today. Please vote for recommendations. All votes should come into my bowl. And to the lovely ladies on the Red Palm platform, please show your love to Ye Xingguang. Muah]
###Chapter 243: Let me meet Miss Ye_1 
Just because she is his woman, Ye Junqing’s woman! 
Who dares to upset his woman, then they would receive ten or a hundred times the upset back! 
However, Ye Junqing couldn’t be bothered to argue with Xia Yanyan. He looked coldly at Xia Ye Zhao and said, “In a nutshell, yes or no? I don’t want to waste my time here with you!” 
Xia Ye Zhao had known Ye Junqing for many years and never saw his face this serious. 
Xia Ye Zhao could almost be certain that if he were to have a big fallout with Ye Junqing today, from this day on, Ye Junqing would become the biggest enemy of the Xia family. 
Xia Ye Zhao did not want Ye Junqing as an enemy, “Ye Junqing, let me see Miss Ye.” 
If Qiongqiong wanted the shares of the Xia family, not to mention ten percent, even twenty percent of the shares, he wouldn’t blink. Nothing is worth more than his sister’s life. 
However, Ye Junqing’s words were decisive, leaving no room for negotiation: “Impossible!” He would never give him the chance to hurt Xiaoyuwei again! noveldrama
Xia Ye Zhao picked up the share transfer document, “If I sign, can I see her?” 
Upon hearing this, Xia Yanyan exclaimed, “Brother, are you crazy? Those are our Xia shares, don’t give them to outsiders!” 
Wang Zimei was also panicked, “Son, that’s our Xia family’s industry, it must not fall into the hands of outsiders, you understand?” 
Xia Wealth slapped heavily on the table, “Xia Ye Zhao, if you dare to sign this, don’t consider me your father anymore!” 
However, Xia Ye Zhao said, “Father, our family can’t be enemies with the Ye family. Besides, little sister’s last days were spent with Miss Ye. She even created beautiful melodies. I suppose her last time… I’m willing to take ten percent of the shares I have in my own hand and buy the peace of her last days.” 
But Ye Junqing spoke coldly, “Xia Ye Zhao, you are mistaken. I want half of the twenty percent of shares in Xia Yanyan’s hands, not the ones in your hands. Read the share transfer agreement carefully before signing it to avoid accusing me of framing you later.” 
What? 
Xia Yanyan rushed over and picked up the share transfer agreement to read it carefully. 
It said to give the ten percent shares left by grandfather to Yanyan to Ye Xingguang! 
That ten percent shares were the compensation the grandfather gave to their ugly sister. 
Grandfather once told their ugly sister that if she was willing to donate marrow to him, he would give her ten percent of the shares as compensation. 
After their ugly sister died, that ten percent shares had long since fallen into her name, and now they want her to give them to Ye Xingguang for free! 
“I don’t agree with this, brother. I will never agree to this! These are my shares, why should I give them to her? I don’t agree, no one can give my things to others!” 
However, even though that ten percent of shares had been deposited into her account every year, Big Brother always harbored a one in ten thousand hope, hoping that their ugly little sister had not died, so the real ownership of the shares was temporarily in his name. If Big Brother really signed and gave the shares to that little White Lotus, she would have no way to stop it. 
Xia Ye Zhao also took a moment, he remembered telling Ye Junqing that the ten percent shares that Yanyan had belonged to Qiongqiong. Now Ye Junqing insisted that he transfer the shares that belonged to Qiongqiong to Miss Ye. Yes, she is Qiongqiong! 
In the silent and parked Rolls-Royce Phantom in the yard, Ye Xingguang was really curious about what was going on inside. She seemed to hear Xia Yanyan’s scream, couldn’t control her hands, pushed open the car door, and wanted to go in and have a look.
###Chapter 244: Isn’t This Jealousy?_1 
However, the bodyguard standing outside the car dropped his polite yet firm voice, “Miss Ye, Mr. Qing meant for you to stay in the car and not get out. Please don’t make it difficult for us.” 
Ye Xingguang pouted, “I just want to take a look inside.” 
The bodyguard said, “We can’t handle Mr. Qing’s wrath. Please understand, we’re just workers with elders at home and kids to feed, living life on the edge every day for the betterment of our families. I can’t lose this job.” 
Ye Xingguang touched her nose, “Did you guys receive eloquence training before becoming bodyguards?” 
Every single one of them was so smooth with words. 
The bodyguard continued with his ‘hard-life’ look, “Miss Ye, please wait in the car, I beg you.” 
As the conversation continued, Ye Jun Qing walked out from Dawson’s Villa, noticing her foot stepping out of the car, his warning gaze seemed to say: dare to step out of the car and see what happens. 
Usually, Ye Xingguang was not easily intimidated, but faced with Ye Jun Qing’s stern warning eyes, she subconsciously backed down, quickly pulling her foot back into the car. After Ye Jun Qing got in, she muttered, “What took you so long? What were you doing inside?” 
After Ye Jun Qing had seated himself, instead of answering, he asked, “Have you figured out your mistake?” 
Ye Xingguang bit her lip, “You’re not jealous of Han Chengbei, are you? Han Chengbei is nothing, I just asked him for help.” 
“Spare me your delusions! As if he’s worthy enough for me to be jealous over.” Ye Jun Qing’s tone was as frosty as ice. 
“Then why are you so upset? Just tell me, how am I supposed to know without you saying anything?” 
Ye Jun Qing gave her a stern look, directly throwing the share transfer contract signed by Xia Ye Zhao onto her legs, “Why do you turn to others when you’re in trouble and not me? Is it because I didn’t call you, or do you think I’m less competent than them? Am I unable to help you with this?” 
Hearing this, Ye Xingguang didn’t bother to check what he had thrown in front of her and mumbled softly, “Isn’t this jealousy?” noveldrama
“Say that again!” 
Ye Xingguang wisely shut her mouth, lowered her head to look at the document that landed on her lap. After looking through the content, she was taken aback, “What’s this? Ten percent of Xia’s Family’s shares? Why are they transferred to me now?” 
Ye Jun Qing’s face still hadn’t softened, “This is the compensation for your mental distress, given to you by Xia Ye Zhao.” 
“So, you came to Xia’s Family to have them make amends to me?” 
Ye Jun Qing looked at her, his voice deep and profound, “These shares originally belonged to Xia Qiongqiong, but now they’ve ended up with Xia Yanyan. Since she bullied you, she should pay you back. Is there a problem?” 
She once had a quarrel with Xia Yanyan over these ten percent shares and didn’t succeed in getting them nor did she want his help. But since it was inevitable that she would want to get them back in the future, why shouldn’t he just have Xia Yanyan pay them now? 
Wait, these shares originally belonged to her? 
Ye Xingguang remembered, when she was young, she was afraid of pain, but her family insisted she donate bone marrow to Xia Yanyan. 
Her grandfather promised her that if she donated bone marrow to Xia Yanyan, he would give her ten percent of Xia’s Family shares as compensation. At that time, Xia’s Family’s business wasn’t as large as it is now, and ten percent of the shares wasn’t a lot, so her grandfather didn’t hesitate to give them to her. 
Who would have thought that after her “death”, the ten percent of shares that originally belonged to her would end up in Xia Yanyan’s hands? 
She genuinely had no idea about this. If she did, she would surely be furious! 
Fortunately, through some twist of fate, Ye Jun Qing has managed to get them back. Could this be more awesome?
###Ye Xingguang asked excitedly, “How did you do that?”
Ignoring her, Ye Junqing’s gaze fell on her beautiful evening dress that obviously didn’t come cheap. Who bought it for her? Was it Han or Yanbei?
With the thought, uncontrollable strength gripped him. He pulled her to his side in a huff and yelled, “Everyone look out the window!”
He was speaking to the driver and Xiao Yun, who was sitting in the back.
Before Ye Xingguang could respond to his strange command, she heard the sound of fabric tearing in the air.
She screamed and couldn’t react in time. The man aggressively ripped her beautiful evening dress into rags then rolled down the window and threw them out.
Ye Xingguang was livid, “Ye Junqing, have you gone mad?”
Ignoring her, he took off his jacket and draped it over her to cover her up.
She clung onto his jacket, glaring at him, “What the hell are you doing?”noveldrama
Ye Junqing grabbed her wrist and pulled her into his chest, enclosing her in his arms. He coldly snapped, “Yes, I’m an asshole and you’re no better! if I’m a big asshole, then you’re an absolute little one!”
“No, you’re the asshole. Let me go!”
He didn’t let go. Instead, he lifted her into his lap and held her there, issuing a dangerous warning: “Sit still and don’t move. Don’t provoke me, or you’ll regret it.”
How dare he threaten her! The super asshole! Ye Xingguang was furious, “What kind of punishment are you planning, tell me!”
She didn’t dare to wear clothes bought for her by other men or seek help from other men before but he did not speak. When she encountered problems, he would pull her back and fix it until she cried, until she realized who her dependable man is. Why is she so pathetic now, suffering silently without an apology!
As he remained silent, Ye Xingguang’s frustration boiled over, “Speak! Get it out. Planning to beat me, are you? Go ahead and hit me, I dare you, I’ll go straight to the Civil Affairs Bureau and…”
Her resentful words were cut short as he forcefully shut her up with his mouth…
Xiao Yun has been focusing on the window, but his ears caught their conversation in the car. When the car suddenly went silent, his curiosity got the best of him and he turned his gaze back.
The car was dimly lit, but occasional neon lights from outside highlighted the ambiguous atmosphere within.
Xiao Yun was taken aback for a moment, then couldn’t help grinning.
Junqing was awesome.
Indeed, this was the quickest and most effective way to end the war between a man and a woman.
But being a party to the incident, she felt both embarrassed and annoyed. Was this his idea of ‘discipline’?
Making her heart pound like a drum…
Making her complaints, frustration, and anger come to a halt, not knowing how to proceed. The blank out in her mind unfolded the feelings of joy she tried to deny.
Ye Xingguang despised her inability to control her feelings.
Only then, due to severe lack of oxygen, her thoughts turned into mush. She tried to push the man away, but he didn’t give her an escape, not until his rage was completely vented.
Lowering his head, Ye Junqing looked into the eyes of the girl who had become docile in his arms, “Still dare to annoy me?”
###The voice was low and husky, harbouring a myriad of hidden implications. It seemed that she wasn’t the only one losing self-control.
Ye Xingguang raised her eyes to meet the man’s mysterious dark ones. Her heart appeared to be drawn into them.
Bashfully avoiding his gaze, she pushed him away in confusion: “What are you talking about? You tore my dress for no reason, and you think you’re right?”
“Aren’t you punished enough?”
The sound of Ye Jun’s voice was infuriating to the extreme.
She trembled, but wouldn’t give in: “I didn’t provoke you at all, the dress was expensive, I can’t afford to pay for it…I’m telling you, you’ll have to compensate.”noveldrama
“Fine, I’ll compensate. But don’t wear any clothes bought by other men in the future, or I’ll tear them each time I see them!”
Ye Xingguang was stunned. Did the man misunderstand her?
“This dress was lent to me by the First Lady, not bought by some man.”
Ye Jun was stunned. Borrowed?
But on second thoughts, what’s the difference?
“Stay away from that couple in the future!”
Ye Xingguang asked, confused: “Which couple?”
“Yanbei!”
Ye Jun seemed to grit his teeth as the words shot out.
Ye Xingguang was clueless: “What’s wrong with the President and First Lady? Are they your political enemies? The President even visited your brother in the hospital last time, doesn’t look like enemies.”
Ye Jun decided not to explain, he ordered sternly: “Just remember what I said, that couple is bad news. Don’t bother with them whether necessary or not. In short, stay away from them as far as possible!”
She didn’t know what was bad about them. It was all so absurd.
Ye Xingguang rubbed the corner of her mouth vigorously, but no matter how much she rubbed, it wouldn’t come off.
Ye Jun was unhappy with her actions, “What the hell are you rubbing off? You seemed to enjoy it just now.”
Ye Xingguang couldn’t stand his words.
She retorted subconsciously: “Stop talking nonsense.”
“You don’t need to say it. Your blushing ears told me everything.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
She wanted to cover her ears, but felt that it would only make things more noticeable. Lastly, she said in both embarrassment and annoyance: “My ears turned red from anger. Because of your unwarranted accusations, my blood boiled with outrage, be careful of a snowfall.”
Ye Jun snorted. Another woman saying one thing but meaning another. She even thinks herself innocent: “I have called you so many times. Why don’t you answer?”
“You were angry at that time. I wanted to find evidence to prove my innocence and then call to explain it to you.”
“Who told you I was angry? You don’t believe me and you’re insulting my intelligence! If it snows, it will snow for me.”
Ye Xingguang raised her eyes: “Is it not true?”
“Which of your eyes saw that was true?” Ye Jun pushed her away, he was upset with her and didn’t want to hold her.
He still didn’t admit it?
Now that he has seen the video, he can deny it without any trace!
If he hadn’t seen it, who knows how he would deal with her!
Ye Xingguang took out her phone, opened WeChat, and showed Ye Jun the message Mr. Fu sent her: “Don’t think that if I didn’t witness it, I wouldn’t know how annoyed you were when you saw the photos. Look, this is the WeChat message Mr. Fu personally sent me. Under such circumstances, without evidence to prove my innocence, how dare I call you?”
[Author’s note: That concludes today’s update. Please give recommendations and votes! All the little fairies on the Red Sleeve app, throw your red beans to Ye Xingguang, thank you so much]
###Chapter 247: So, why did you call me so many times?_1 
Ye Junqing squinted his eyes, staring at the WeChat message from Fu Zhuo for a while. He wished he could just knock out Fu Zhuo. Great, “still angry”, he thought, the biggest roadblock on his road to love was not Yanbei, but Fu Zhuo! 
Being cautious of everything only to be blindsided by a pig-brain at his side! 
The voice of Ye Xingguang was full of grievance, “What else do you have to say?” 
Ye Junqing directly handed Ye Xingguang’s mobile phone to Xiao Yun in the back seat, “You tell her if I am angry or not!” 
Xiao Yun caught the phone, glanced at the WeChat conversation between Fu Zhuo and Ye Xingguang, and couldn’t help but facepalm. This Fu Zhuo, no amount of effort could stop him on his road to self-destruction. 
Xiao Yun quickly said, “Miss Ye, there has been a misunderstanding. Master Junqing did not get angry. The situation was like this: after Fu Zhuo received the photo, he showed it to Junqing, and after seeing it, he asked Fu Zhuo where the photo came from. Fu Zhuo said it was from the Weibo backend staff. Master Junqing immediately deduced that someone was trying to set you up, so he rushed back overnight, wanting to back you up.” 
“Uh…” Ye Xingguang was stunned, so this was the reason why he suddenly returned from abroad? 
Xiao Yun continued, “Master Junqing was afraid that the time difference of his return would be too long, so he even called Mr. Mo Fei to rush to Xia’s house to back you up, but when Mr. Mo Fei arrived at the Xia’s house, you had already left.” 
Really? 
Warmth returned to Ye Xingguang’s heart once again. 
That’s not all, Xiao Yun continued, “Master Junqing also called Mr. Tang Zhou, found Ye Li, the assistant of Miss Xia, found all the ways the photos were circulating, and had all the photos deleted.” 
Ye Xingguang was surprised, “Did you contact Ye Li too?” 
Ye Junqing’s deep gaze fell on her face, he said nothing, and then thought of the damn Yanbei, who threw him off! 
“Master Junqing found out that Ye Li sent your photos to the complaint mailbox of the Civil Affairs Bureau, he even had someone hack the official website of the Civil Affairs Bureau to delete the complaint mail, Miss Ye should really not misunderstand that Master Junqing does not believe in you.” 
It turned out that he had done so much for her behind the scenes, and she didn’t even know. 
At that moment, Ye Xingguang’s heart completely warmed up. In her heart, she thought, it was indeed the man her heart was clear about and wanted to give a try. She looked up, looking at Ye Junqing with admiring eyes. 
“Thank you, I didn’t know.” 
Ye Junqing waved his hand, and his confidence surged back, “Now you should know who the snow should fall for?” 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes, justifiably, “I’m also feeling wronged, if you have to blame someone, blame the lackey by your side who misled me. But since you weren’t doubting me, why did you call me so many times?” 
She was suddenly a bit curious. 
She dares to question him, her good mood has been ruined by her. 
Ye Junqing glared at her, but couldn’t help himself from asking, “how did you end up performing at the Presidential Palace tonight?” noveldrama
“It was unexpected,” said Ye Xingguang, “I originally didn’t want to perform, but the princess from the neighbouring country was so high-handed. She was just supposed to be visiting our country, but she just had to stir up trouble so of course, I was not polite. I had to smack her down, have you heard the song I sang?” 
Ye Junqing likes her swaggering and lively attitude. Even though he had the song on repeat on the plane, he still pretended, “Xiao Yun insisted on playing it, so I only listened once.” 
Ye Xingguang looked hopeful, “How was it, did I sing well?”
###Chapter 248: The Song Sung for Him, Surely Sounds Good!_1 
The song I sang for him, of course, sounds great! 
Who dares to say it’s not? 
Ye Junqing’s expression softened, “It’s not bad, who composed the music and who wrote the lyrics?” 
“It’s a piece by my childhood friend, Xia Qiongqiong. But I wrote the lyrics.” 
“Oh? You wrote the lyrics?” Ye Junqing pretented to not know and showed interest, “‘You are my earliest sunshine,’ these lyrics seem to be written specifically for someone. Does it contain a special implication?” 
“You can figure that out?” noveldrama
Having someone who understands her song, Ye Xingguang felt like she had found a confidant. 
She wanted to say it was for Qin Junye, but considering the man gloomily refused to light incense for Qin Junye when Qin Junye died and only offered ten million as retribution to Qin Junye’s family, Ye Xingguang kept silent. 
“I wrote it for a friend of mine.” 
“Was he your first sunshine?” 
“Mm-hmm.” 
He was indeed a strong sunshine, piercing directly through the thick dark clouds, shining into her hopeless heart, making her believe in the existence of sunshine in this world. 
Over the years, she was willing to help others out of regret because she believed that if he were still young, he would have done the same thing. She wanted to pass on this warmth to more people and let them feel the warmth of the world. 
Ye Junqing loved her affirming “mm-hm” sound. He lifted his hand, ruffled her hair, not even realizing how doting his actions were, saying: “Whenever you come across something you can’t handle, give me a call first. Understand?” 
“Why?” 
“No why. You just need to remember, when in trouble, find me, no one else, or else I won’t let you go.” 
So tonight, this isn’t his concern, is it? 
“What if you’re busy and don’t have time to help?” 
Before she could finish her sentence, his face already showed displeasure as if a dark cloud was gathering above her head. She wisely stopped talking. Ye Junqing said, “I’m not that busy, no matter how busy, you should call me first. Remember this!” 
Ye Xingguang: 
Fearing that she might forget, Ye Junqing instructed, “Copy this sentence a hundred times for me when you get home.” 
“What?” 
“No what, write it down as soon as you get home!” Otherwise, she will definitely forget it and should always remember to think of him first! 
The swift motorcade returned to Ye’s residence. 
As soon as they arrived home, he handed her a pen and paper and said, “Write it carefully or else I’ll have to punish you according to the house rules!” 
Ye Xingguang took the pen and paper back to her room and threw it on the desk. She wasn’t going to write it; She wasn’t a primary school student who needed to be punished with homework. It was more important to take a nap. 
However, after lying down, she thought she could sleep as soon as she touched the bed, but her mind was full of realization about her heart. 
Half an hour later, it was early dawn. She couldn’t control her hand and sent a WeChat message to the man in the room across. 
“Ding-dong” 
Little Fish Tail: [Are you still awake?] 
Ye Junqing wasn’t asleep, he was listening to ‘You are my earliest sunshine’ over and over again with his earphones. He was so engrossed in it that a WeChat notification interrupted the music. 
He scrunched up his eyebrows, thinking to see who dared disturb him. He was surprised to find it was the Little Fish Tail. 
This woman, sent him a message at this hour, so quickly had she finished writing? 
“Ding-dong” 
Big Tumor: [Finished writing?] 
Ye Xingguang stared at the message from Ye Junqing, snorted, and then replied back. 
“Ding-dong” 
Little Fish Tail: [I’m hungry, I want to eat the steak you make.]
###For some reason, Ye Xingguang had suddenly become melodramatic. She found herself shamelessly demanding something of him early in the morning. She despised herself for acting spoiled and bossy but just couldn’t restrain the mischievous urge to test how much Ye Junqing would indulge her.
Back when they were in college, a roommate of hers had once texted her boyfriend, complaining of hunger in the middle of the night. Her boyfriend rushed out at three in the morning to buy barbequed food. Not only for the roommate but for the entire dorm. It had made Ye Xingguang so jealous…
Ye Junqing glanced at the text from Xingguang, demanding food when she should be reflecting upon her behavior. He was spoiling her!
However, Ye Junqing simply texted her back in two words: wake up.
“Ding Dong
Major Pain: [Starve then!]
Ye Xingguang bit her lip, feeling no disappointment. In fact, she thought this response was more fitting for the Major Pain she knew.noveldrama
Just as she was pondering this, another ‘Ding Dong’ sounded.
Major Pain: [If you don’t confess your wrongdoings, you’re not getting anything to eat.]
Ye Xingguang laughed quietly under her blanket. Yes, this was how you deal with Major Pain. Finally, her muddled head started to clear up, or else she might have started to question if she was falling irretrievably in love with him.
But suddenly, a sound echoed in the tranquil villa. The sound of a door opening, followed by a man’s footsteps. Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but perk her ears up. These were the footsteps of Major Pain in the hall, growing fainter as though he was going downstairs.
Ye Xingguang carefully listened until the footstep sounds completely disappeared. Then, she abruptly sat up, itching her head wildly. What was Major Pain going downstairs for at such an odd hour? Could he be cooking steak for her?
The idea excited her and she couldn’t resist. Slyly, she got out of bed and crept downstairs.
She crouched at the staircase on the second floor, peeking downstairs like a thief. She could hear movement in the kitchen and faint whistling from outside, so she quickly stood up and hid.
Tang Zhou had been out playing until dawn and came back to see lights on in Ye Junqing’s villa. He walked in out of curiosity and was astonished to find Ye Junqing busy in the kitchen. He walked over in surprise, “Brother Qing, are you hungry? I have some breakfast, do you want some?”
Ye Junqing, dressed in dark pajamas, had earphones in his ears. He was leisurely listening to music from his phone, which was in his pocket, and missed Tang Zhou’s words.
Tang Zhou noticed that Ye Junqing was ignoring him, so he walked closer and manually removed one of Ye Junqing’s earbuds and put it in his own ear. Suddenly, an unbelievably high-pitched melody nearly stunned him.
“Oh my god, who’s this singer? These high notes are insane!”
Ye Junqing only noticed Tang Zhou by then, he swiftly retrieved his earbud and said coldly, “Why are you up so early?”
Tang Zhou replied, “I haven’t slept yet, just got back from a night out. I saw lights on in your place and thought it might be a burglar. Brother Qing, breakfast? It was initially for my little follower. But of course, you’re more important.”
Ye Junqing waved off his offer, unimpressed: “You can take it back for Leng Chenmo.”
But Tang Zhou stayed, astonished, “Wait, Brother Qing, can you actually cook? When did you learn this? I saw a video of you making steak on the internet and thought they were just posing. I want some too.”
Just after speaking, Tang Zhou let out a belch.
Embarrassed, he added, “I mean, my stomach is full but my mouth still wants to taste.”
“If you want it, ask Leng Chenmo to cook for you.”
Ye Junqing just wanted to get rid of him now.
“He wouldn’t know how to pan-fry a steak,” lamented Tang Zhou.
“Tell him to learn. If he can’t even make you a meal, what are you keeping him around for?”
###Tang Zhou stood by, watching Ye Junqing deftly grilling a steak; then suddenly visualized Leng Chenmo being woken up early in the morning by him, fumbling around in the kitchen. Tang Zhou found this mental image unexpectedly laughable.
All of a sudden, Tang Zhou felt inspired and exclaimed, “That’s a great idea, I’ll go home and get him to grill for me!”
After saying this, Tang Zhou walked away with lively spirits.
Almost at the door, he didn’t forget to yell towards the kitchen, “Hey, bro Qing, that song in dolphin voice is truly pleasant, send it to me later.”
Ye Junqing turned a blind eye to Tang Zhou’s words, and reinserted his earphones. But standing at the stairway on the second floor, Ye Xingguang had heard what Tang Zhou was saying.
The jerk’s listening to dolphin voicing. Whose dolphin voicing could it be? Could it be her own from last night?
Even though she felt this was a vain notion, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but break out into a sly smile. She then walked away, feeling quite pleased with herself~~
Back in her room, she started to showcase her exceptional calligraphy skills with pen and paper.
She swore to herself, she wasn’t doing this as punishment. She just had nothing to do while waiting for her steak and just wanted to let him appreciate her beautiful handwriting.
When Ye Junqing knocked on her door, she had just finished writing for the tenth time: From now on, she would think of him first whenever anything came up and would reach out to him immediately.
She pretended to be surprised when she opened the door and saw that he was holding a mouth-watering steak. “Didn’t you say you were not going to make me a steak?” she asked disingenuously.
Ye Junqing shot her a cold look, “Did I ever say this steak was grilled for your benefit? Have you finished writing? If not, I’ll feed it to the dog.”
Ye Xingguang promptly produced the A4 paper she had hidden behind her.
Ye Junqing gave it a quick glance. Though it was only written ten times, he was still satisfied; after all, when he had previously assigned her to write a reflection letter, she didn’t write even a single draft.
Ye Junqing put on a serious, authoritative face, “Stick this on your bedhead so you can glance at it every night and morning. Try to remember it so you won’t just forget about it once you’ve written it.”
Ye Xingguang:
I’ll bear with it! All for the steak!
After she posted the reflection letter on her bedhead, he finally placed the steak on the table by the window, and alongside it, there was a beautifully-wrapped gift box.
“What’s this?” asked Ye Xingguang curiously.
“Take a look for yourself.” A gift he bought for her on his business trip, he was not sure whether she would like it?
He had given her many gifts from his business trips, but she ended up discarding all of them. The countless disappointments weighed heavily on the gift giver, and he no longer dared to expect much in return.
With a cool demeanor, Ye Junqing pushed the gift into her hands and went to change his clothes for a morning run.
Curiosity piqued, Ye Xingguang unwrapped the gift. Inside was a pair of exquisite diamond earrings that sparkled in the morning light…
Ye Xingguang picked up the earrings and tried them on in front of the vanity mirror, observing them from left to right. All she could think of was, this jerk has good taste.
Unable to contain her good mood, Ye Xingguang had a brilliant idea. She took out her phone and snapped a selfie.
Then, logging into the Koi Maiden account, she posted the photo. Without extra words, just three characters: [So lovely.]
After posting, her heart started pounding excitedly.
[Author’s note: ]
I have just received the editor notification to go live tomorrow at midnight. Thank you all for your continued support, for your gifts, votes, likes, and comments. I appreciate your accompanying my writing journey for the love story between the Jerk and Little Fish Tail.
Honestly, this story is not solely my creation, you guys have a big part in it. Your interactions and participation have shaped these vibrant and lively characters. Your support fills me with energy each day. There is no way to repay you guys other than brainstorming better plotlines as a token of gratitude~
I hope everyone can support the authorized version. If you can afford to, I hope you can subscribe in full. The subscription stats on the day of going live will determine future recommendations. More recommendations means more updates. If you are unable to subscribe, I still love you. Please just support the authorized version.
Additionally, there will be a mass release tomorrow. It will unveil the mutual confession and a sweet romance between the jerk and Little Fish Tail. Stay tuned and continue to accompany us.noveldrama
###Also, once the selfie is out there, everyone would know that she’s the Carp Girl. That’s like announcing it to the world.
Ye Xingguang suddenly threw herself onto the bed, suffocated her own head with a pillow, and yelled, “Ah Ah Ah! I’ve gone crazy!”
The headline of today, must belong to her!noveldrama
At this moment, in another villa belonging to the Ye’s family.
Tang Zhou was bossing around his national free labor force to fry him some steak. In his words, “Life should not only consist of beautiful landscapes, but also of necessities like firewood, rice, oil, and salt. If you can’t even cook, why do I need a man like you?”
Then, Leng Chenmo was marched to the kitchen.
Seeing the once powerful ruler of the Leng’s family, who seemed now to be at his mercy, only able to manipulate pots and pans in the kitchen,
he felt, why is life so joyful?
But when he thought of Leng Chenmo, a man who once couldn’t be bullied, who was now betrayed and banished from Leng’s family by his good-for-nothing brothers, becoming penniless. And those brothers of his, they’re still living off the wealth and power Chenmo brought to them, squandering money on luxury cars and gambling, Tang Zhou felt a rage boiling inside him.
Leaning on the kitchen door, eating takeout from outside, he sighed in disappointment, “Look at you, you used to be the ultimate decision-maker of the Leng’s family,
how could you let a bunch of worthless nephews throw you out like trash? Don’t you plan on fighting back? Tell me, how much financial and
manpower would it take to kick all those worthless nephews out of the Leng’s family?”
“What, trying to stand up for me? Did you suddenly realize you’ve fallen in love with me?” Leng Chenmo’s voice was deep and magnetic.
He burnt the steak and casually tossed it into the trash can, grabbing a fresh piece and placing it into the pan, then pulled out his phone. He checked out some steak tutorials online, with an air of casual dedication.
Even though Tang Zhou had ordered him into the kitchen, there was no anger on his face at all. Instead, there was a sense of natural nobility, perfectly untouchable no matter where he was.
This inherent noble aura wouldn’t disappear simply because of his fall from grace.
Tang Zhou was momentarily captivated, but as soon as he realizes it, he immediately averted his gaze.
Then he laughed, “The nerve of you to even think that, you are mine now after all. I’m the only one who’s allowed to bully you, the other nobodies dare to show off before you, especially your third brother. Just yesterday he was threatening others, that anyone who gives you a job will have him to deal with, also that you now have to literally shoe-lick and beg him for food. At that moment, I couldn’t control my fragile fists, and punched him until he was scrambling around picking up his teeth!”
Leng Chenmo just smiled and didn’t comment. Not managing to learn anything from the videos, he closed them, opened WeChat, and sent a message to someone. Shortly after, they connected to a video call.
Tang Zhou glanced at the woman in the video, a stranger to him.
The woman in the video was yawning, sitting on her bed and restlessly toying with her hair, speaking fluently in a foreign language.
Tang Zhou didn’t have a clue what she was saying, he only observed Leng Chenmo finding a suitable angle to place his phone on the kitchen counter, communicating with the woman on the video.
It seemed like he was asking for a cooking advice,
or perhaps, he wasn’t consulting; rather, he was conversing about romance.
Tang Zhou was unsatisfied, “What are you two talking about? This woman isn’t one of your former flames, is she?”
###“…Why should I care?” Tang Zhou turned his face away angrily.
Leng Chenmo was indifferent: “I was just asking her how to fry steak, don’t be jealous.”
Upon hearing the word ‘jealous’, Tang Zhou exploded.
“Damn it, who’s jealous? I’ve already set my heart on someone, didn’t I tell you? I’ve fallen in love with a mermaid, definitely not Xia Yanyan. This mermaid is a hundred times more beautiful than Xia Yanyan, and she even left me a love token.”
Leng Chenmo didn’t respond to his outburst, just asked the woman in the video a question about frying steak in fluent foreign language. After finishing the steak, he tossed Tang Zhou a sentence: “Do you want me to brew you a cup of brown sugar ginger tea?”
Tang Zhou was dumbfounded: “For what?”
“To balance your hormones.”
Tang Zhou: “!!!!”
This jerk, he had the audacity to say his hormones were out of balance?
Yes, he did get irritable for a few days each month, but it was wholly because of him, okay?!!!
Tang Zhou rolled up his shirt sleeves: “You think you can still live at my place? Believe it or not, I’ll throw you out to sleep under the bridge?”
Leng Chenmo spoke in a steady voice: “I’m afraid that’s impossible, after all, the Civil Affairs Bureau could visit at any time. Now that we have some time, let’s share our histories. On my side, there’s a bullet wound on my third rib from the left, and an old bite mark on my left arm. The Civil Affairs Bureau might ask about these. You should remember, and while we’re at it, tell me about your own marks?”
Tang Zhou thought about the imperfections on his body, his eyes dimmed a bit, and his lips tightened: “Who wants to tell you? And what about your gunshot wound? I’ve never heard of you getting shot before?”
Leng Chenmo remained silent.
Tang Zhou threw away his breakfast, walked over, and rolled up the sleeve on Leng Chenmo’s left arm. He indeed saw a row of old bite marks and a flood of old memories came rushing back. Had he bitten him in this spot before?
That was during their student days…
Tang Zhou asked: “How did you get these bite marks, who bit you? Don’t think about shifting the blame on me.”
Leng Chenmo seemed to have thought of something, and his smile was profound: “A puppy bit me.”
“Damn it… You’re the dog!”
Leng Chenmo: “I’m referring to you.”
Calm down, calm down, now is not the time to murder him, I should wait until my brother takes office as the president before I kill him!
At this time, a notification popped up on his phone, Tang Zhou took it out to clear his thoughts, but after seeing the notification, he exploded again: “Damn it, has Little Xingguang gone mad? My brother had her profile locked down tightly, and she dares to post a selfie online? Is she not afraid that my brother will kill her with a single slap?”
Tang Zhou immediately called the backstage of Junxing’s Weibo, asking the staff to delete the Weibo post immediately and block the related comments. He was currently managing Junxing’s Weibo, if there were any problems, his brother would definitely hold him responsible, and he didn’t want to bear his brother’s wrath.noveldrama
So, after Ye Xingguang nervously finished her steak and took out her phone to see the reaction online, she froze.
What’s going on, where is the Weibo post she had just sent, why was it gone?
In the end, Ye Xingguang saw her just-posted Weibo in the draft box. Above it was an exclamation mark, explaining the reason for being blocked:
[The content violates the “Weibo Community Management Regulations (Trial)” or related laws and policies, so the designated operation cannot be carried out, it is recommended to change the content for publication.]
###Chapter 253: When Did She Take a Selfie? _1
Ye Xingguang exclaimed, “What the hell! How is posting a selfie against the rules? Now, microblogging not only manages everything under the sun, but even interferes when I want to post a selfie. Is there no justice in this world?”
Unconvinced, Ye Xingguang clicked send again, re-posting the selfie.
After posting it, she stared at her microblog, refreshed her homepage, and within less than twenty seconds, her microblog post was blocked again.
“!!!”
Ye Xingguang scrutinised her selfie, she hadn’t even revealed her neck, just an earlobe. The rules were so strict now that she can’t even show her ear?
After considering it, she chose another selfie where not even her earlobe was visible, only her face, and posted it again.
But this time it was even faster, within ten seconds, her posted selfie was blocked again.
Ye Xingguang was so angry that her chest was heaving: “!!!”
At this moment, Tang Zhou, on a phone call, remotely instructed the staff of Junxin Microblogging, “Keep a close watch on Carp Girl’s microblog. As soon as she posts a selfie, block it immediately. Don’t let the photos go public. If anyone discovers Carp Girl’s real identity, you’ll be held accountable!”
The staff, upon receiving the order, didn’t dare to be negligent. They monitored Carp Girl’s microblog the whole time, instantly blocking any photos she posted. They were afraid of making a mistake and being blamed by the higher-ups.
Ye Xingguang, fuming, directly called the complaint line for the microblogging site.
“Hello! Why can’t I post selfies? In what way does my selfie violate the management rules or related laws and policies?”
The distressed staff member of Junxin Microblog who answered the complaint complained, “Miss Ye, please stop posting. We are just following orders from above. The higher-ups forbid you to expose your identity.”
Between clenched teeth, Ye Xingguang demanded, “Who’s above?”
The staff member dared not reveal: “Just think about the top. Please stop posting. If your identity is exposed, we’d lose our bonus.”
Ye Xingguang was frustrated, was she dealing with the biggest boss of Junxin Microblog?
The Biggest boss of JunXin Microblog should be that overbearing Tang Zhou.
But Tang Zhou also has a boss, Ye Junqing!noveldrama
Did this order come from Tang Zhou or Ye Junqing?
Forget about it, who has ever heard of a girl being so insistent on posting selfies only to have them blocked?
If anyone should be trying, it should be the guy pursuing her, not her running after him like this. So cheap!
Ye Junqing, unaware of this new mischief his brother had played on him, only found out about it that evening when Tang Zhou self-righteously bragged about his accomplishment.
In Ye Shiting’s hospital room, Ye Junqing heard Tang Zhou bragging about his good work. He was just a kick away from sending him flying.
What kind of teammates did he have? Always causing trouble!
Ye Junqing, suppressing his anger and filled with regret, wished he could turn back time: “When did she post the selfie?”
Tang Zhou boasted triumphantly, “This morning. Luckily, I noticed quickly and had the staff at the microblog handle it immediately. Otherwise, Starlight would definitely have been today’s hottest search.”
Ji Qishu said, “Even if you erased the post, today’s hottest search is still little Starlight. Last night, her melody at the Presidential Banquet has received over a million likes on Weibo. Although you can’t see her face in the video, netizens know that she is Shiting’s Fire Couple… don’t misconstrue, I’m talking about the couple in the animations. Now, people have started creating comics about Shiting and little Starlight, based on the scene where Starlight carries Shiting out of the fire. It’s quite captivating, I have been following it for the past two days.”
###Chapter 254: I Like Her!_1
Saying this, Ji Qishu opened his mobile phone, found a new serialized manga, and handed it to Tang Zhou for a look.
Tang Zhou loved reading manga in his spare time, and after just two pages he was already hooked: “Damn it, I want to follow this one too!!!”
Just as he was about to continue reading, the phone was snatched away by a strong arm.
After glancing it over, Ye looked completely grim, his words commanding: “Which manga APP is this? Chess book, acquire this manga APP, then take this manga off the shelf, and get it done tonight!”
Ji Qishu was dumbfounded: “Boss, don’t be so serious. There are many fanfics and manga about you online. You can pretend not to see them. Why take down this manga? Plus, it’s really awesome, and if it’s discontinued, how am I supposed to live?”
Ye, his eyes dangerously narrowed, sounded so cold it could freeze: “You don’t know how to live, do you want me to tell you how to die most painfully?”
Ji Qishu was frightened and jumped, dramatically ducking beside Ye Shiting who was sitting on the hospital bed reading the newspaper: “Shiting, save me.”
Ye Shiting calmly extended his hand: “Let me see the manga.”
Ji Qishu tossed the phone to him, “Shiting, don’t mind.”
After looking at a couple of pages, Ye Shiting made an ive evaluation: “The drawings are indeed good, I don’t mind. Besides, didn’t you agree to the contract with Starlight because you didn’t want to affect my presidential campaign? Since that’s the case, you shouldn’t mind either, let it be, it’s a small matter.”
Ye wanted to hit himself in the mouth, didn’t want to admit it, his face taut: “Even if I don’t mind, my sister-in-law would mind, you don’t believe me, ask her.”
Ye Shiting indeed asked his wife: “Do you mind?”
Between a husband and a wife, they could understand each other with a single glance. Yi Yujian, sitting at the head of the bed cutting apples, had a smile on her face. She passed the peeled apple to her husband, saying: “No, I have confidence in our relationship. I believe that your sister has no such feelings for you. She rushed into the fire to save you, certainly because she was afraid that her second brother would lose a big brother.”
Ye Shiting nodded: “Alright, your sister-in-law doesn’t mind either, so don’t bother about this small thing. After all, you didn’t really want to marry your sister, you were just compelled by the circumstances, so why worry about all this?”
Ye was rendered speechless by these words, feeling both frustrated and depressed. Was this a minor matter?
Everyone, except his family, thought that the junior sister’s act of saving him indicated she had feelings for him, and his reputation was at stake. Moreover, he couldn’t even protest. If he showed jealousy towards his elder brother, he would definitely become a laughingstock!
Ironically, both his brother and sister-in-law didn’t mind this at all. Thus, Ye, with his facial muscles tense, refrained from lashing out.
In the end, he turned his anger towards Tang Zhou, his voice chilling: “Did I or did I not forbid her from exposing pictures?”
Tang Zhou said: “You did, boss. Don’t you remember? You told me to keep an eye on the public opinion trend on Weibo on the day you brought Little Starlight home, and you didn’t want her identity exposed. Otherwise, I would be held responsible.”noveldrama
Ye marched over and sat down on an empty couch, his face full of forbearance, denying it vehemently: “That’s not true!”
Tang Zhou was hurt: “Boss, how could you? You clearly said it, you also said…”
“Enough!” Ye cut off Tang Zhou’s words, not wanting to hear more.
He leaned on the couch, appearing frustrated that nobody understood him like Xiao Yun did. He pinched his temples, rubbing them again and again, wishing they would not be like Fu Zhuo who always added fuel to the fire. In the end, to everyone’s shock, he admitted, “I like her!”
###Chapter 255: My Only Woman, Named Ye Xingguang! _1
Tang Zhou leaped up dramatically: “Qing Brother, what did you say, who do you like?”
Ye Junqing held back his anger, glared at Tang Zhou, and countered: “Who do you think?”
“Little Starlight?”
Duh!
Ye Shiting finally heard his brother utter these words, but was not ready to let him off the hook: “Are you sure you like her? You’ve only known her for a little over a month. Don’t you think it’s too soon to say that you like her?”
Who said they’d only known each other for just over a month? He had been through life and death with her since he was young, he even gave her her name!
However, Ye Junqing was not willing to tell the truth, and simply responded with a sentence: “Some people spend a lifetime together and can’t tolerate each other, while others fall in love at first sight. How can you measure affection by the length of time? Didn’t you tell me that you found your life companion on the day you met your sister-in-law?”
Yi Yujian looked up at Ye Shiting, “Was it really like this? Didn’t you tell me, it was a gradual love that grew over time?”
Ye Shiting was caught off guard by his brother’s counterattack, he coughed lightly: “That’s not the point.”
How is it not the point, Yi Yujian felt like she had been tricked by her husband.
Yet, she felt oddly cheerful about being deceived.
Tang Zhou was still confused: “So, Qing Brother, you really don’t like Xia Yanyan. Then why did you build a mermaid aquarium at home? Oh, I got it, you’re secretly nurturing a mermaid, is it the one I accidentally saw, my first-love-fish?”
Ye Junqing simply ignored Tang Zhou.
Having said everything he wanted to say, he got up to leave. On his way out, he felt obliged to add, “I don’t like Xia Yanyan, not one bit. Don’t get any wrong ideas in the future. The only woman for me is called Ye Xingguang!”
Now, he had to go and comfort his little mermaid, otherwise, she might misunderstand the situation again, thinking that he was unable to post a selfie on Weibo!
Ye Xingguang was on a plane at that moment.
She bought a plane ticket overnight and flew back to T City, the closest coastal city to her hometown.
Her mum called her at night saying that her father had collapsed, and the doctor had issued a critical condition notice. She felt like the sky was falling as she was on the plane. The Grand Medical Research Institute hasn’t developed an artificial kidney yet, her dad mustn’t have any incidents.
She reached T City at 11:30 p.m. After landing, she took the subway directly to the T City People’s Hospital.
Only when she got on the subway did she have time to turn on her phone and noticed several missed calls. Some from her mom, and some from Ye Junqing.
She first called her mom back and told her that she was on the subway, then she called Ye Junqing back.
“Where are you?” Ye Junqing asked her over the phone.
“I’m in T City.”
Ye Junqing frowned: “Why did you go so far away?”noveldrama
“My father fainted.”
“What happened? Is it because his creatinine level is too high again?” Ye Junqing asked through the phone.
Ye Xingguang was stunned: “How do you know my dad’s creatinine level is high?”
The creatinine index is an important criterion for diagnosing uremia. The normal male creatinine level is between 54-106μmoI/L. Her father’s creatinine index has long exceeded the normal range. He is now in the terminal phase of chronic kidney failure and has developed uremia.
But she didn’t remember telling Ye Junqing that her father had developed uremia, how did he suddenly learn about her father’s condition?
Ye Junqing did not explain, but instead instinctively asked: “What’s today’s date?”
“August 8th, why?”
Ye Junqing fell silent for a moment at her response, he then asked, seemingly having thought of something: “Which day is the Qixi Festival this year?”
###Chapter 256: Ye Junqing Doesn’t Want to Repeat the Same Mistakes_1
“Qixi Festival is in two days, isn’t it?”
This man, why is he suddenly bringing up Qixi Festival? Upon hearing the word ‘Qixi’, a glimmer of anticipation brushed over Ye Xingguang’s heart, but it quickly dimmed at the thought of her father lying sick in his hospital bed, with a critical illness notification already issued. Her mood instantly dampened. “I don’t want to talk to you anymore, my phone’s battery is low,” she said.
Upon hanging up, she ended the call.
At home right now, Ye Junqing, after being hung up on, opened his mobile calendar and became lost in thought.
If he remembered correctly, Xiaoyuwei’s adoptive father, died on the day of Qixi Festival this year.
He still remembers how he had prepared a grand surprise for Qixi Festival, wanting to give Xiaoyuwei a romantic confession. However, he couldn’t find her on that day. Unbeknownst to him, Xiaoyuwei’s father had passed away. By the time he arrived, she had already collapsed outside the morgue, sobbing until she broke down.
Whenever Ye Junqing remembered Xiaoyuwei’s state back then, he couldn’t help but feel a painful heartache, blaming himself. When she needed him the most, he had been busy preparing some damned romance. Perhaps it served him right that he couldn’t win her heart.
Of course, many things have changed since then. Even the way they reunited has changed. The Xiaoyuwei of today did not come into his world by force, but instead, she took the initiative to step into his world. Therefore, he couldn’t be certain whether Xiaoyuwei’s father would still pass away on this day.
However, no matter what, since her adoptive father is sick, Ye Junqing does not want to make the same mistakes.
People’s Hospital of T City, Building Three, Level Five, Nephrology Department.
When Ye Xingguang arrived, she saw her mother sitting on the long bench in the corridor, wiping away tears. Ye Xingguang quickened her pace to approach her. “Mom…”
“Xingguang.”
Ye Xingguang’s adoptive mother, Bai Lanwu, was forty-three this year, not rather old in age. While she lacked the adornment of gold jewelry, she possessed a scholarly air about her. She once gave birth to a daughter, who unfortunately passed away while still young. Having later adopted Xingguang, she treated Xingguang like her own deceased daughter, caring for her deeply.
“Mom, how is Dad?”
Bai Lanwu didn’t want her daughter to worry and said, “It’s alright; it’s just your father’s chronic illness.”
“I know it’s his chronic illness. It’s scheduled for regular dialysis, isn’t it? Why did the doctor issue a critical illness notice?”
The person who issued the notice was the young dean of Bo Medical Research Institute, who she had been sponsoring for many years, special expert of T city, Bo Jingyu.
Ye Xingguang knew who her father’s main doctor was. Emotional, she said: “I’m going to find Dr. Bo. I have raised so much sponsorship for his research institute, how could he issue a critical illness notice for my father? Has that money been wasted?”noveldrama
Bai Lanwu held back her daughter: “Xingguang, let’s go in and see your father first. It will make him happy to know that you’ve come back.”
Ye Xingguang’s adoptive father, Song Chuanqi, was lying on the bed in the ward, looking far from healthy like he usually did in videos. With an oxygen tube inserted into his nose and his face somewhat bloated, his whole body looked very weak. He had been resting in the ward with his eyes closed but opened them upon hearing Ye Xingguang’s voice.
Seeing Song Chuanqi in that state, Ye Xingguang’s tears fell instantly. As she quickly approached the bed and clutched Song Chuanqi’s hand, noticing it was somewhat swollen, her voice choked, “Dad…”
Ignoring her, Song Chuanqi looked out of the sickroom and grumbled, “That kid from the Ye’s family didn’t even accompany you here in the middle of the night from so far away. He doesn’t even care enough to come and see his future father-in-law.”
###Chapter 257: Otherwise, What is the Purpose of Having a Partner? _1
Ye Xingguang sat on the edge of the bed: “Dad, I didn’t tell him about your condition before I left. If he had known, he would certainly have come with me. He wouldn’t have let me travel alone in the middle of the night. After my flight, he even called me.”
“Is that so? Show me your call history on your phone. If that wretched boy doesn’t genuinely care about you, I’m not interested in having him as my son-in-law.”
Song Chuanqi was bothered by the fact that she had traveled all the way from the capital city by herself, and despite his weakness from being ill, he persisted in verifying it.noveldrama
With teary eyes, Ye Xingguang showed Song Chuanqi her call history on her phone. He only looked satisfied when he saw it but was unhappy with her.
“Next time you travel alone, tell him first. You should share everything with your partner. Otherwise, what’s the point of having a partner?”
“I got it, Dad. How are you feeling now?”
Song Chuanqi answered without directly answering her question: “You spent your first month’s salary on gifts. Do you still have enough money left? If not, have your mother send you some. You’ve only been seeing each other for a short time, don’t ask him for money, understood? Don’t make my daughter look bad.”
“I know, I know. But how are you really feeling now? Don’t worry about me, I can definitely take care of myself.” Ye Xingguang started crying.
Song Chuanqi forced a weak smile: “Don’t cry, I’m not dead.”
Unable to stop the tears, Ye Xingguang retorted: “I am not crying! Of course, you won’t die, Dad, you have to live a long life and grow old with Mom. Otherwise, I’ll feel bad for her. Why would she get married if she can’t grow old with you?”
Bai Lanwu placed her hands on Ye Xingguang’s shoulders, unable to hide the tears welling up in her eyes.
As Song Chuanqi set his gaze on his wife’s face, his eyes filled with guilt.
He had no idea how he would fulfill the promise of growing old together with her, nor could he imagine her living on her own in the future. He felt an overwhelming sense of failure.
Yet, he was helpless. In the end, he could only revert the topic back to Ye Xingguang.
“Xingguang, you haven’t eaten tonight, have you? Lan Wu, go downstairs in the hospital and see if there’s a wonton shop. Xingguang loves eating wontons.”
Ye Xingguang stopped Bai Lanwu: “Mom, I’m not hungry, I just want to stay with Dad.”
“Your mother hasn’t eaten either. Why don’t you go and buy some, Xingguang, and bring back a portion for your mother?” Song Chuanqi quickly changed his suggestion.
Only then did Ye Xingguang ask: “Mom, haven’t you eaten either? Are you hungry?”
“I’m not… I’m a little hungry. Go and get it, bring back a portion for your mother,” Bai Lanwu said, worried about her daughter going hungry.
Only then did Ye Xingguang get up: “Then I’ll go and buy it for you, I’ll be back soon.”
Instead of leaving right away, she first went to the doctors’ office to ask Dr. Bo about Song Chuanqi’s condition.
Dr. Bo told her: “Your father’s uremia has worsened, leading to a variety of complications. His heart and liver functions have failed. Miss Ye… You should spend more time with your father. Given his current condition, you should prepare yourself.”
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang felt a chill: “Can’t he undergo a kidney transplant? If there’s no kidney donors available, use an artificial one for my dad.”
“Artificial kidneys are still in the experimental stage. We currently don’t have any clinical trial cases. You’re asking me to use your dad as a lab rat.”
Ye Xingguang pressed her lips into a thin line.
Dr. Bo didn’t want to deliver the harsh news, yet he felt obligated to do so: “Even if your father were willing to be my lab rat, his current physical condition isn’t suitable for surgery. His illness came on very rapidly…”
“Enough,” she interrupted. Any more, and she would lose control of her emotions.
She didn’t want to accept this reality. Why are doctors so brutal? Patient’s families don’t really want to hear the truth. Couldn’t they just tell a comforting lie instead?
###Chapter 258: – She Suddenly Feels Like She’s Found Her Mainstay_1
Ye Xingguang left the hospital, went to a nearby store to buy wontons, stated they were to go at the counter, then leaned against a wall, feeling lost and did not know what to do next.
Her cell phone in her pocket rang again. She waited for the ring for a while before answering: “Hello?”
“At the hospital?”
Ye Junqing’s voice seemed softer than usual over the phone, hitting her unbearably tender heart. The emotions she had barely gathered collapsed all at once, and a sudden sourness hit the tip of her nose: “Mhmm.”
“How’s dad’s condition?”
She choked for a moment, wanting to mention that the doctor had asked her to be psychologically prepared. But it felt like cotton was stuck in her throat, and she could not say it out loud.
“Which hospital in T city is dad at? I’ve contacted a few authoritative experts on uremia, and I’d like to review your dad’s medical records.”
Ye Xingguang braced herself: “My dad is at T City People’s Hospital. His attending physician is already one of the best kidney disease specialists in the country. He has published a lot of articles in domestic and foreign medical journals.”
Ye Junqing said, “Having a few more doctors review it can’t hurt.”
A glimmer of hope arose in Ye Xingguang’s heart: “In that case, later, I’ll tell Dr. Bo to pull out my dad’s medical records for you. Which doctors did you get in touch with?”
“I’ll request your dad’s medical records directly from the hospital. Are you in the ward now?”
Ye Junqing was already on his way to the airport, his voice still soft, yet served as a calming agent, soothing her heart.
Listening to his voice, she suddenly felt as if she found her pillar: “I’m not at the hospital now. My mom hasn’t eaten tonight, so I’m buying her some wontons. I’ll head back to the hospital once I get them.”
“Have you eaten?” Ye Junqing asked her again.
“I bought two bowls.”noveldrama
However, she had no appetite at all.
Probably guessing this, Ye Junqing didn’t offer any empty comfort. Instead, he said, “Stay strong. Take good care of your mom. She’s the one who’s suffering the most right now.”
“Mhmm.” She thought his words were sensible.
Ye Junqing continued: “Even if you can’t eat, you need to force yourself to eat something to encourage your mom. Don’t look distressed, or it will make it harder for her to stay strong. Can you do that?”
“…Yes.”
All his words seemed to be taking effect on her now. She even wanted to ask if he could come to T City, to give her dad some reassurance.
But when the words reached her lips, she swallowed them back in.
Without saying anything else, Ye Junqing gave a few more instructions before hanging up.
Next, he made a call arranging for her foster father’s medical records to be reviewed by several medical authorities. There might still be a glimmer of hope.
Prepare for the worst but make the greatest efforts. He didn’t want to go through this again, arriving to find her collapsed at the morgue’s entrance, where no amount of assistance or comforting could alleviate her emotional pain.
Here, Ye Xingguang returned to the ward with the wontons.
Actually, no one had an appetite. But remembering Ye Junqing’s words, she forced herself to cheer up, sat next to the bed, and although her heart was heavy, she tried to be her parents’ ray of sunshine, forcing a light-hearted tone: “Mom, I think these store’s wontons are quite nice, you should try more. Let’s make dad envious, since he scared us.”
Song Chuanqi gave a weak smile: “You are really getting on my nerves, you know very well that your dad can’t eat anything, and you’re deliberately tempting me.”
Ye Xingguang raised the hospital bed, then spooned a mouthful and said, “Dad, then you can try some. I remember that’s what you did to feed me when you saved me from the sea, now it’s time for your daughter to feed you.”
###Chapter 257: Otherwise, What is the Purpose of Having a Partner? _1 
Ye Xingguang sat on the edge of the bed: “Dad, I didn’t tell him about your condition before I left. If he had known, he would certainly have come with me. He wouldn’t have let me travel alone in the middle of the night. After my flight, he even called me.” 
“Is that so? Show me your call history on your phone. If that wretched boy doesn’t genuinely care about you, I’m not interested in having him as my son-in-law.” 
Song Chuanqi was bothered by the fact that she had traveled all the way from the capital city by herself, and despite his weakness from being ill, he persisted in verifying it. 
With teary eyes, Ye Xingguang showed Song Chuanqi her call history on her phone. He only looked satisfied when he saw it but was unhappy with her. 
“Next time you travel alone, tell him first. You should share everything with your partner. Otherwise, what’s the point of having a partner?” 
“I got it, Dad. How are you feeling now?” 
Song Chuanqi answered without directly answering her question: “You spent your first month’s salary on gifts. Do you still have enough money left? If not, have your mother send you some. You’ve only been seeing each other for a short time, don’t ask him for money, understood? Don’t make my daughter look bad.” 
“I know, I know. But how are you really feeling now? Don’t worry about me, I can definitely take care of myself.” Ye Xingguang started crying. 
Song Chuanqi forced a weak smile: “Don’t cry, I’m not dead.” 
Unable to stop the tears, Ye Xingguang retorted: “I am not crying! Of course, you won’t die, Dad, you have to live a long life and grow old with Mom. Otherwise, I’ll feel bad for her. Why would she get married if she can’t grow old with you?” 
Bai Lanwu placed her hands on Ye Xingguang’s shoulders, unable to hide the tears welling up in her eyes. 
As Song Chuanqi set his gaze on his wife’s face, his eyes filled with guilt. 
He had no idea how he would fulfill the promise of growing old together with her, nor could he imagine her living on her own in the future. He felt an overwhelming sense of failure. 
Yet, he was helpless. In the end, he could only revert the topic back to Ye Xingguang. 
“Xingguang, you haven’t eaten tonight, have you? Lan Wu, go downstairs in the hospital and see if there’s a wonton shop. Xingguang loves eating wontons.” 
Ye Xingguang stopped Bai Lanwu: “Mom, I’m not hungry, I just want to stay with Dad.” 
“Your mother hasn’t eaten either. Why don’t you go and buy some, Xingguang, and bring back a portion for your mother?” Song Chuanqi quickly changed his suggestion. 
Only then did Ye Xingguang ask: “Mom, haven’t you eaten either? Are you hungry?” 
“I’m not… I’m a little hungry. Go and get it, bring back a portion for your mother,” Bai Lanwu said, worried about her daughter going hungry. 
Only then did Ye Xingguang get up: “Then I’ll go and buy it for you, I’ll be back soon.” 
Instead of leaving right away, she first went to the doctors’ office to ask Dr. Bo about Song Chuanqi’s condition. 
Dr. Bo told her: “Your father’s uremia has worsened, leading to a variety of complications. His heart and liver functions have failed. Miss Ye… You should spend more time with your father. Given his current condition, you should prepare yourself.” noveldrama
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang felt a chill: “Can’t he undergo a kidney transplant? If there’s no kidney donors available, use an artificial one for my dad.” 
“Artificial kidneys are still in the experimental stage. We currently don’t have any clinical trial cases. You’re asking me to use your dad as a lab rat.” 
Ye Xingguang pressed her lips into a thin line. 
Dr. Bo didn’t want to deliver the harsh news, yet he felt obligated to do so: “Even if your father were willing to be my lab rat, his current physical condition isn’t suitable for surgery. His illness came on very rapidly…” 
“Enough,” she interrupted. Any more, and she would lose control of her emotions. 
She didn’t want to accept this reality. Why are doctors so brutal? Patient’s families don’t really want to hear the truth. Couldn’t they just tell a comforting lie instead?
###Chapter 259: Song Chuanqi Can’t Rest Assured About Any of Them_1
Song Chuanqi couldn’t eat, but his daughter was so considerate, he wanted to at least try, which brought him great comfort.
Yet, he also felt uneasy, fearing what would happen if he were to pass away, worried that they might be bullied without him around.
Song Chuanqi managed to swallow a dumpling, but then felt nauseated and didn’t eat anymore. Lying in his hospital bed, he began to contemplate his own mortality.
Even though he desperately wished to live, he knew better than anyone the seriousness of his situation.
He felt awful, and while he still clung to any shred of hope for survival, he knew he had to make arrangements for his wife and daughter.
His unmarried daughter and wife, who still had half her life ahead of her, both weighed heavily on his mind.
To ensure that he ate enough, both Ye Xingguang and Bai Lanwu finished off a bowl of dumplings.
Bai Lanwu seemed to understand what her husband was thinking, and holding his hand, remained silent, filled with words she couldn’t bring herself to say. When the IV bag was empty, she rang the nurses’ bell for a replacement.
She had been told that the drip would likely continue until dawn. She wanted to stay by her husband’s side but hated the thought of her daughter staying up all night.
“Xingguang, find a hotel nearby and get some sleep. I’ll stay with your father tonight.”
But Ye Xingguang refused to leave. “Mom, I want to stay too.”
“Listen to me.”
“No.” Ye Xingguang said. “Mom, you stay the first half of the night, and I’ll take the second. Like this, you can get some sleep. Otherwise, you won’t be able to cope?”
Moved by his daughter’s filial piety, Song Chuanqi interjected, “Lan Wu, listen to our daughter.”
Bai Lanwu, still worried for their daughter, turned the hospital’s accompanying chair into a small bed and urged Xingguang, “You sleep first, Xingguang. I’ll stay with your father. I’ll wake you at 3 am so you can take over.”
Though Ye Xingguang couldn’t sleep, she respected her parents’ wishes and lay down on the bed.noveldrama
The bright lights in the ward were switched off, leaving only a soft light. A few times, Ye Xingguang opened her eyes sleepily, only to see her mother by her father’s bedside, moistening his dry lips with a wet cotton swab, reminiscent of the warmth of their family moments. Realizing that these precious moments might be fleeting, she felt an overwhelming sense of sorrow.
She closed her eyes, her mind filled with memories of their happy life on the island.
She had left the island to study in the imperial city four years ago, having not attended any school before that.
She had not experienced primary school, middle school or high school as others had, for there were no schools on the island. Those who wanted to study had to go to T city. But she didn’t want to leave the island.
Fortunately, the neighbors on the island were all versatile. Although she hadn’t formally experienced the 12 years of compulsory education from elementary to high school, her father brought back textbooks and the neighbors helped teach her.
In the end, her father arranged for her to take the college entrance exam directly.
Fortunately, she did not disappoint. Even though she didn’t top the exam to make her father proud, she still got into the well-known C University in the imperial city and embarked on the normal life path of a girl.
As she reminisced, it was past one in the morning. Unable to sleep, she got up to take over from her mother.
Tired and drifting in and out of sleep, Song Chuanqi stirred again, thinking about what would come after him, “Call that young man from the Ye family, tell him to come to T city. Call him now.”
###Chapter 260: – My Dad Wants to Meet You_1
Ye Xingguang thought about the time. Ye Junqi would be fast asleep by now. If she called him and he did not answer, it would only disappoint her father. So, she opted not to take out her phone and said, “Dad, I’ll call him tomorrow. He’s asleep now.”
“Call him.” Song Chuanqi insisted.
Ye Xingguang was helpless. Her father probably thought that Ye Junqi completely adored her. She blamed herself for painting a false picture for her parents due to her acting skills when she called them. Now, if she calls and Ye Junqi doesn’t respond, wouldn’t it be a slap to her face?
She hesitated for a while, trying to dodge the situation. But her father kept urging her to call. With no option left, she dialed his number, hoping that he would be supportive. She didn’t want to be embarrassed.
In fact, at this time, she wished he was by her side. The call he made to her earlier gave her support and a sense of security.
Ye Xingguang, not holding much hope, dialed the number. Surprisingly, he answered instantly.
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “You haven’t slept yet?”
“Hmm.” His deep voice, especially tender tonight.
Through the phone, Ye Xingguang heard the sound of footsteps. She couldn’t guess what he was doing up so late at night. Nervously, without any confidence, she asked, “Can you come to City T? My father wants to see you.”
Afterwards, her heart felt like it was placed on fire, with zero confidence.
On the other end of the phone, he didn’t immediately agree but just said, “Wait a moment.”
Wait for what, Ye Xingguang didn’t know. Was he hesitating?
To not disappoint her father, Ye Xingguang said again, “I… I kind of miss you.”
She had no choice but to resort to flirting. She wondered how much of an effect her tactic would have on him. Suddenly heard a low laughter from the other end of the phone, making her feel embarrassed.
Frustrated, she asked, “Why are you laughing? Are you coming or not?”
“I am coming.” As he affirmed, the door to the sickroom was gently pushed open from the outside.
The action was gentle, as if he was afraid to disturb the people in the room.
Ye Xingguang, thinking it was a nurse, looked up at the door.
The light from the corridor outside the room, which radiated in due to the opened door, allowed her to see a tall figure on the phone, gently pacing in while whispering: “I am here.”
Ye Xingguang froze, thinking that she must be dreaming. After the man came in and closed the door to the sickroom, the outside light faded away, illuminating the man who was approaching her under the dim light, looking like an unreal hallucination.noveldrama
Ye Junqi was the first one to hang up the phone.
He came in a hurry, walked around the sickbed to her, put his warm hands on her shoulder, and respectfully looked at his future father-in-law lying on the bed, “Dad, sorry for being late.”
Song Chuanqi, weak and laying on the hospital bed, nodded in satisfaction seeing the man his daughter fancied.
Ye Xingguang suddenly snapped out of her delusion, her voice full of emotion, “How did you get here?”
Ye Junqi lowered his head, “Didn’t you call me to come?”
Ye Xingguang:
It’s true that she called him, but she didn’t expect him to respond so quickly. Did he teleport?
Of course, that’s impossible. So, was he already on his way when she called him?
The thought warmed her heart, but thinking about her father’s condition, her eyes welled up with tears. Almost instinctively leaning into him, his solid chest was like a mountain, providing a sense of security that lifted her spirits.
###Chapter 261: Just Want to Rely on Him _1
Ye Junqing said, “I’ve brought a few top renal specialists from the capital with me. They’re currently discussing your father’s medical history with his primary physician in the doctor’s office. Soon, they will convene a meeting to discuss the treatment options, so don’t worry.”
However, what Ye Junqing was thinking about was the conversation he had had earlier with the doctor.
On the plane, he had shown the specialists her father’s medical records. They had told him that her father’s condition was critical. For a man whose body and organs were already severely damaged, not even a miracle worker could necessarily pull him back from death’s doorstep.
Ye Junqing was simply trying to comfort the anxious girl in his arms.
However, Ye Xingguang was indeed comforted. She nodded and said, “Thank you.”
“Do we need to be so formal with each other?” Ye Junqing looked down at the worry on her face, pulled her closer into his arms with a heartbroken look.
Watching this scene, Song Chuanqi felt somewhat comforted.
He had insisted on calling his son-in-law over without any particular reason, just wishing to meet the man and see if he was worthy of his daughter. Seeing how this man talked gently to his daughter, with all his attention on her, Song Chuanqi couldn’t find anything to pick with him. Ye Junqing passed the test for now.
Seeing her mother asleep, Ye Junqing said, “Get some rest too. I’ll keep watch over your father.”
“Let’s stay up together,” she insisted.
Ye Junqing didn’t force her to sleep, understanding that she probably wouldn’t be able to sleep even if he did.noveldrama
Her mother opened her eyes, seemed to look at him for a moment, then closed her eyes again.
Song Chuanqi didn’t have much energy to evaluate his son-in-law anymore; not long afterward, he drifted back into sleep.
Finally, only the two of them sat silent in the tranquil ward, the only sounds were the occasional footsteps of the nurses in the corridor.
“Lean on me for a while.”
After sitting down, Ye Junqing guided her head to rest on his shoulder. Ye Xingguang leaned against him. It was a cozy, wordless intimacy. But she didn’t have the mood to ponder whether they were too close. She wanted to lean against him because it seemed like he could prop up her world for her, so that she wouldn’t collapse.
In the office of the doctors, several doctors were exchanging information, consulting each other, discussing before finally holding a conference.
However, the result was everyone shaking their heads.
Close to five in the morning, the doctor came to summon the family members to discuss the patient’s condition.
Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing went out together and listened in the hallway as the doctor explained her father’s condition. She thought there would be a turning point, but the news that came after the meeting of the top renal experts was devastating, “I’m sorry, Mr. Ye, we can’t help him.”
Ye Xingguang covered her mouth, unable to accept the verdict.
Ye Junqing asked, “Can a kidney transplant save him?”
The doctor shook his head, “We can’t find a suitable donor kidney. Moreover, his condition can’t be solved with a kidney transplant. His heart, liver functions are all damaged due to renal failure. The patient has been persisting with dialysis for ten years and surviving eight years of end-stage renal disease is no small feat. I advise the patient’s family to prepare for the worst. If you don’t want him to pass away in the hospital, we suggest moving him back home. Otherwise, we would only be able to cremate him if he passes away here.”
###Chapter 262: Child, are you awake? _1
The doctor knew that some families of patients didn’t like cremation, preferring burial. However, due to current national regulations, if someone passed away inside a hospital, they would be sent to a funeral parlor for cremation. Even though the doctor made his suggestion out of goodwill, it felt like a knife cutting into Ye Xingguang’s heart.
Ye Junqing, supporting the freezing body of Ye Xingguang, asked the doctor, “How much longer can my father-in-law hold on?”
The doctor told the truth: “Not more than two or three days.”
“Stop talking,” Ye Xingguang covered her face with her hands.
Ye Junqing waved his hand and told the doctors, “We’ll take some time to think this over. Thank you for your hard work, please take a break for now.”
“We’re sorry we couldn’t be more help, Mr. Ye is too kind.”
These were doctors who Ye Junqing had hired at a high price. Even though they had received their payment, they couldn’t do anything more for the patient.
Ye Junqing said, “If we decide to go home, we hope you experts can accompany us.”
“Of course,” the doctor agreed.
After the doctors left, Ye Junqing led Ye Xingguang to the end of the corridor and stood beside her, allowing her to lean on him. His comforting words turned pale. He didn’t know how to ease the pain in her heart at this moment, he could only hold her in his arms and gently pat her back.
“My dad will be fine, right?” Ye Xingguang was very upset.
Ye Junqing didn’t speak, his long arms were just around her.
“Can’t you just say something? Tell me my dad will be fine.”
Ye Junqing remained silent, hugging her even tighter.
Tears ran down Ye Xingguang’s face, “I can’t lose my dad. He’s raised me for so many years and I’ve just started working. I haven’t even had the chance to be filial to him yet. I haven’t. What should I do?”
She still remembers the first time she met her father.
At that time, Geshu Chen said that the boy had been thrown into the sea to feed the fishes. She searched across the world for the little boy, but eventually, exhausted, she passed out on the sea surface. It was her father, who was on a sea trip with her mother, who saved her from the sea.
She remembered that when she woke up, she was lying in a comfortable bed covered with warm blankets. She recalls her father walking in with a bowl of herbal medicine. Seeing her awake, her father put down the medicine, sat on the bed, and said, “Child, are you awake?”
At that time she didn’t know who the adoptive father was, and she was wary, so she didn’t want to speak.
The adoptive father then picked up the medicine and said, “Child, come on, drink the medicine.”
She pressed her lips together, fearing it would be poisoned, and she refused to drink.
The adoptive father didn’t rush her, he just spooned a gulp, gently blew on it to make it less hot, took a small sip himself, and then offered it to her, saying, “It’s not poisoned, be a good girl, take your medicine.”noveldrama
Even then she was still cautious, “You drink half of it before I drink.”
Unexpectedly, the adoptive father really drank half of it before feeding her again.
Then, the adoptive father asked her name.
She remembered that the boy had just given her a name, saying that she was the most beautiful starlight in the sky on the sea that night. So she said, “My name is Ye Xingguang.”
She hadn’t experienced much warmth growing up, so at first she wasn’t very receptive to the kindness of her adoptive father. During her recovery at his house, she was like a little hedgehog that couldn’t be warmed. Until Geshu Chen located their island and demanded that her adoptive father hand her over.
She didn’t know how her adoptive father had gotten Geshu Chen off the island, but she did know that her adoptive father was injured during that time. Afterwards, he developed uremia and renal failure.
###Chapter 263: I Choose to Survive_1
Therefore, her adoptive father’s illness had occurred because of her, uncurable, and was now only sustained by dialysis.
The adoptive father had raised her for ten years, a great kindness in itself, and had gone through ten years of dialysis because of her, yet the adoptive father and mother had never complained to her.
She had considered letting her adoptive father take the regret pill, to prevent saving her, so he wouldn’t have to suffer from kidney disease. But the adoptive father refused to take the pill.
She had thought of taking the regret pill herself and, after being saved by her adoptive father and returned to the island, leaving immediately to avoid any trouble from Geshu Chen, but the adoptive father had refused to let her go and continued to protect her, eventually driving Geshu Chen away.
The warmth her adoptive parents showered her with was something she had become too attached to, so much so that after a few failures, she no longer wished to take the regret pill, in order to not lose their connection.
But why was it that every person who had tried to save her ended up suffering themselves in the end?
Isn’t it that kindness should be rewarded with kindness?noveldrama
She had initially thought that even if they couldn’t find a suitable kidney for transplantation, she would simply support Doctor Bo’s research into artificial kidneys. She believed that her adoptive father would one day recover, but now, before she could reach that day, the doctor told her that her father didn’t have long left to live. How could she accept that?
It had only been a few days since their last phone call when her father was still laughing and talking to her in the video call on WeChat…
Now she was regretting sending the regret pill she had cried out last month to Yanbei last night. Otherwise, she could now take the regret pill, return to the moment when she first met her father. She would definitely leave her father immediately, and kill Geshu Chen!
But now, even if she cried her eyes blind, she couldn’t cry out a regret pill for the month…
Night Monarch Qing didn’t know how long she had cried, cried that his heart was about to shatter, he even wanted to use his own method to help prolong his father’s life, but…
For her father, that would only be the start of another torture. He did not know if that would help him, or harm him?
Later, as the day broke completely, the entire floor of the hospital came to life, people buying breakfast went to buy breakfast, those who needed to wash their faces went to the public restroom to do so. Night Monarch Qing took Ye Xingguang, whose eyes were red from crying but had quieted down, back to the ward.
He asked, “What do you want to eat in the morning?”
Ye Xingguang did not have an appetite.
Bai Lanwu had already gotten up, and Night Monarch Qing greeted her, “Mom.”
“You’re here.” Bai Lanwu also did not look well.
Night Monarch Qing said, “I’ll go and buy some food for both of you, what can dad eat?”
“He had noodles for breakfast yesterday and barely ate a few bites before throwing up.”
Night Monarch Qing nodded and walked out of the hospital, deciding what to order at the local breakfast shop.
Xiao Yun followed him, “Monarch, given the situation, should we start making funeral arrangements?”
After all, arranging events following a death is a complicated process that requires planning. They couldn’t wait until the person was actually gone before rushing to prepare, Xiao Yun was just trying to be thoughtful.
However, Night Monarch Qing didn’t rush to answer, instead he asked a question: “Xiao Yun, if you were about to die, and there was a way to prolong your life, but it wasn’t a good way, in fact it was only the beginning of another form of torture, would you choose to live or leave?”
Xiao Yun answered without hesitation, “I choose to live.”
Night Monarch Qing pondered, “But it’s just the start of another torture.”
Xiao Yun said, “I still have my parents, I still have people I long for, even if it’s just another form of torture, I would choose to live, it’s better to be a surviving straggler than to die well. Monarch, why do you ask this question, do you have a way to save Miss Ye’s father?”
###Chapter 264: Why wouldn’t he save his father-in-law’s life?_1
Ye Junqi was surprised: “You have someone you can’t forget too, I’ve never heard you mention them, whose daughter is this?”
A hint of sorrow flashed across Xiao Yun’s eyes, he said nothing.
In the ward, Ye Xingguang sat in a chair, lost in thought. After crying a pot of regrets next month, she would definitely go back to the past, get rid of Geshu Chen, get rid of everyone who posed a threat to her. She would rather not have met the boy who saved her life at the cost of his own, and her adoptive father who was about to die, than to see them pay such a heavy price for saving her!
At this moment, she was shrouded in a cloud of murderous intent. The sight of her startled Bai Lanwu, causing her to frown.
“Xingguang.”
Bai Lanwu called her, but she had retreated into her own world and didn’t respond.
“Xingguang.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t respond.
Bai Lanwu walked over to her, patted her shoulder, when Ye Xingguang finally snapped out of her thoughts, she raised her head, “Mom.”
Bai Lanwu handed her a warm towel: “Wash your face.”
Ye Xingguang blankly accepted the towel, wiping her face. At that moment the phone rang. It was Yi Yujian.
She answered the phone, “Sister-in-law?”
Yi Yujian heard about the accident and called to take a few words: “Little sister, I heard your father is in the hospital, how is he?”
Tears welled up again in Ye Xingguang’s eyes, she managed to say: “Mm.”
Yi Yujian: “Is it serious? I heard your brother left the capital last night with several doctors. If there’s anything we can do to help, just say so. My family knows some good doctors too.”
“There’s no need, but thank you, sister-in-law.”
Yi Yujian then said a few more words: “Our parents haven’t been told about it, I’ll call them and let them see your father. The elders haven’t met him yet, it just isn’t right.”
Ye Xingguang had never met her future parents-in-law, who were always traveling. “No need. We are rather busy at home and can’t host guests. Don’t tell my future parents-in-law yet, let’s wait and see.”
Yi Yujian, unaware of the severity of her father’s condition, agreed: “Alright then, once your father is recovered, our family will sit down with you to properly discuss the wedding.”
Since second brother liked his younger sister, this wedding was most likely to take place. Yi Yujian was quite happy, thinking it was necessary to tell the traveling parents-in-law to come back and handle their second son’s wedding.
After Ye Xingguang hung up, Bai Lanwu asked her: “Was that your fiance’s sister-in-law who called?”
“Yes, she was asking about dad’s condition.”noveldrama
Feeling that sisters-in-law didn’t usually get along well, Bai Lanwu couldn’t help but ask: “How do you two get along generally?”
Ye Xingguang said: “Pretty well, not long ago I saved Ye Junqi’s older brother, the sister-in-law is still grateful to me.”
Bai Lanwu had seen the news about the gas station explosion, and thinking about it now, she still found it horrifying, she couldn’t help but to reprimand: “Don’t ever do such dangerous things again, do you want to scare your parents to death?”
“Mom, I’m fine, that was Ye Junqi’s older brother, I didn’t want anything to happen to him as it would upset Ye Junqi, so I didn’t think too much, it’s mainly because I believe that I won’t easily get injured in a fire.”
Ye Xingguang was chatting with her mother in the ward, when Ye Junqi returned with breakfast, and happened to hear her words.
He felt a warmth in his heart, as he looked at the weak father-in-law in the hospital bed.
Little Mermaid didn’t hesitate to charge into flames to save his older brother, not wanting him to lose him. Now, who is he to not fight for the life of his father-in-law?
###Chapter 265: – You’re not human? You’re a vampire?_1
Perhaps, Chuan Qi should ask his father-in-law about his desires; is he willing to cling to life, just as he has?
Throughout the morning, Lord Ye had not found an opportunity to have a private conversation with his father-in-law. But at 3 p.m., when Ye Xingguang accompanied her mother to another hospital building to collect some images, he quickly locked the door to the hospital room. Then, he sat in front of the hospital bed, looking at his weakened father-in-law who was under Death’s scrutiny.
Conveniently, Song Chuanqi also wanted an opportunity to talk to Lord Ye alone, to entrust his daughter to him.
Before he could speak, however, he heard Lord Ye cautiously saying, “Dad, if I could save you, but the cost is another form of torment, would you still wish to live?”
Song Chuanqi didn’t understand what Lord Ye meant by saying this.
Weakly, he asked, “What cost?”
Lord Ye didn’t speak for a long time. This wasn’t a pleasant memory to recount.
Song Chuanqi didn’t rush him, just stared at the young man sitting by his bed, waiting for him to speak again, like a desperate traveler in a desert looking at the prosperous city in the distance.
“Vampirism.”
After a long time, Lord Ye finally said the words.
Song Chuanqi was momentarily stunned, looking at Lord Ye as he weakly opened and closed his mouth, “What did you just say?”noveldrama
There are some secrets that he wouldn’t want to tell anyone for the entirety of his life. However, once he started, it became much easier to continue.
Lord Ye continued, “There will be an uncontrollable thirst for blood, like a vampire. It’s not easy to subdue, and if you don’t feed on blood, you’ll suffer immensely, but…it could save your life. Xingguang doesn’t want to lose you, and I don’t want to see her so upset. However, I won’t force you. Think it over and then tell me.”
At this moment, Ye Xingguang rushed back and knocked on the door of the hospital room.
Hearing the knocking sound, Lord Ye went out and opened the door.
“Why did you lock the door?”
Lord Ye didn’t answer, just asked her quietly, “Did you get the film so quickly?”
“No, I forgot to take the film receipt.”
Lord Ye stepped aside to let her in.
Ye Xingguang found the receipt for the film in the drawer by the bed and hurriedly left again.
Once Ye Xingguang was gone, Lord Ye returned to the bedside. Before he could sit down, he heard Song Chuanqi, with narrowed eyes, staring at him, his weak voice not losing any male dominance, “Are you not human? Are you a vampire?”
Lord Ye had anticipated his father-in-law’s reaction, such as concluding he was telling a mythical story, but he never expected the first question out of his mouth to be this one.
“I am human, but I can give you the Initial Embrace, which can save your life. The price is the future thirst for blood. It’s hard to resist. At least for me, I can’t control it.”
At this point, even if his words sounded like a fairy tale, Lord Ye didn’t want to mumble in his explanation.
It was better to clarify such life-saving matters.
Whether his father-in-law believed him or not, that was up to him.
All he could do was try his best.
“Once, I had a near-death experience, being critically wounded. If I hadn’t accepted the Initial Embrace, I would have died. In the end, I chose to survive. Now, ten years later, I’m still unable to resist the urge to drink blood. It feels like a disaster with no solution, but if given a second chance, I would still choose to survive.”
“Dad, this is all I can and want to tell you. I hope you can understand that I don’t want to reveal anything more than this. If it wasn’t for your condition being incurable, I wouldn’t have had to tell you anything.”
###Chapter 266: He Wants to Repay Him for Little Mermaid_1
Song Chuanqi struggled to lift his heavy eyelids, his body’s torment making even normal breathing on his own seem like a luxury. Now relying on an oxygen mask to breathe, how could he resist when his son-in-law claimed he could save his life?
“I’m not joking with you. Please consider my proposal seriously. Don’t worry, I will stay with Ye Xingguang in T city in the following days.”
Once, he did not get a chance to bond with his father-in-law and could only attend his funeral when he rushed to T city. Now, given a chance to make things right, he would be by the side of his bedside, showing his filial piety on behalf of Xiaoyuwei.
Because this man, who was so critically ill, provided Xiaoyuwei with true paternal love and he wanted to repay him on Xiaoyuwei’s behalf.
At that moment, his phone in his pocket buzzed. He glanced at it and saw it was Xiaoyuwei.
Why was Xiaoyuwei calling him at this time?
Ye Jun got up and went to the side to pick up the call: “What’s wrong?”
“My mom fainted!” Through the phone, Ye Jun could tell that Xiao Fish’s Tail was completely panicked.
“Stay where you are, I’m headed your way.”
After saying this, Ye Jun hung up the phone. He didn’t want his father-in-law to know his mother-in-law had fainted, so he simply said: “Dad, I’m going out for a bit.”
Song Chuanqi nodded, his mind still pondering over Ye Jun’s words about survival.
As Ye Jun stepped out, he asked Xiao Yun, who was waiting outside the room, to keep an eye on his father-in-law. Then he dialed again, asking her, “Where are you?”
Ye Xingguang’s shaky voice came through the phone: “I’m at the elevator on the third floor. I’m taking my mom to the emergency room right now.”
Ye Jun rushed to the emergency room.
In the emergency room, the nurse was measuring Bai Lanwu’s blood pressure and blood sugar, and Ye Xingguang anxiously asked, “Doctor, how is my mom? She doesn’t have high blood pressure or any other illness. She’s very healthy.”
The nurse handed her a form: “Register first, then pay for this test order. The results will be ready in half an hour. When they are ready, get the report from the machine using the barcode, then bring it back to the doctor.”
“Give it to me.” Ye Jun took the form, handed it to the bodyguard who had followed him, and asked him to pay.
Then he took Ye Xingguang, who was frantic, into his arms. “Don’t worry, your mom probably just got a little shocked.”
“Yes, Dr. Bo just told my mom to bring my dad home as soon as possible, and then…”
Unable to continue, Ye Xingguang buried her head in Ye Jun’s chest, “What should I do? I don’t want to take my dad home, I want the doctor to continue his treatment. Even if there’s only a glimmer of hope, I don’t want to give up on his treatment.”
“Then we’ll continue the treatments. We won’t have to take your dad home. Trust me, we won’t run out of roads. A locked willow, a hidden village, there might even be a miracle.”
Ye Jun comforted her with these words.
He’s finally able to offer comforting words now, unlike this morning when he felt powerless as she cried in his arms and all words of comfort seemed weak.
But these words did not soothe Ye Xingguang, where could a miracle come from at this moment?noveldrama
Draw blood, test, retrieve results, show to the doctor….the doctor said it was not a big issue, probably she was just emotionally shocked. Only then did Ye Xingguang’s heart settle.
She nudged Ye Jun, who had been by her side the whole time. “My dad’s room can’t be left unattended. You go stay with my dad. I’ll stay here with my mom. Once she wakes up, we can go back to the ward.”
###Chapter 267: Still Want to Hold Grandson…_1
Ye Junqi didn’t refuse. He also wanted to return to the ward and ask his father-in-law if he had made a decision.
At this moment, instead of standing around doing nothing, he might as well go back and bring some real comfort to the mother and daughter who are about to lose a loved one.noveldrama
Xiao Yun was keeping watch in the ward.
Ye Junqi went over and instructed Xiao Yun, “Stand guard outside the room, don’t let the doctors and nurses come in.”
Xiao Yun bowed respectfully, stepped out and stood by the door like a pleasing statue, attracting the frequent glances of passing nurses.
Seeing Ye Junqi, Song Chuanqi looked worried and weak, “Why haven’t they come back yet? Has something happened? Is it Xingguang, or her mother? Don’t hide anything from me. The scan took nearly an hour. I have a sense of what’s going on.”
At this point, Ye Junqi decided to tell the truth straightforwardly, “It’s mother, she passed out. But according to the examination results, there are no physical issues. It’s probably due to the shock. The doctor said your situation needs to be dealt with as soon as possible, fearing that you might die in the hospital. Perhaps, mother couldn’t handle it.”
Hearing this, Song Chuanqi filled with self-blame.
Then, Song Chuanqi, desperate, clung onto a ray of hope, “What you said about the ‘initial embrace’, was that truly not just a bluff?”
“No, it wasn’t.”
Song Chuanqi looked at Ye Junqi.
Ye Junqi sat in front of the bed in his usual proud and rigid posture, “After the initial embrace, I was brought back to life. At that time, I was at death’s door and was essentially half-drowned in the underworld.”
Song Chuanqi closed his eyes, falling silent for a moment, considering his dependent wife and unmarried daughter, then finally said, “Go ahead.”
He had made his decision. No one was unwilling to fight for survival, especially those at death’s door. They were even more unwilling to let go of any hope for survival, even if they had to pay some kind of price for it.
Ye Junqi said, “Have you made your decision? Are you sure?”
With a weak yet firm self-ridicule, Song Chuanqi said, “I never thought that I, Song Chuanqi would also be a man who fears death and clings to life. I want to live.”
“There’s no one who doesn’t fear death and clings to life. Those who don’t fear death and cling to life are indeed pitiful, having lived a meaningless life.”
Upon hearing this, Song Chuanqi asked, “How so?”
Ye Junqi simply said, “Without attachments.”
Although these words were simple, they contained too many emotions, which comforted Song Chuanqi’s fear of death.
Yes, only those without emotional attachments don’t fear death. He was afraid because he had too many ties.
He wanted to grow old with his wife, wanted to hold his daughter’s hand as she walked down the aisle, and wanted to hold his grandchildren…
He was greedy, not ready to die.
However, when it came to the initial embrace, Song Chuanqi was quite at a loss on how to proceed?
Song Chuanqi asked, “Do I need to bite my neck?”
Ye Junqi touched his forehead, “Dad, I’m not a vampire, I don’t have fangs.”
The weak Song Chuanqi, relieved, then asked, “Can I get immediately healed after the initial embrace?”
“No, it merely prolongs life. You still need to undergo treatment.”
“Will I become invincible and immortal from then on?”
“No.”
On the verge of death, Song Chuanqi tried to lighten the mood, “But the books all say you can.”
“Reality is always unruly.”
Alright, Song Chuanqi asked no more, handing over his life, barely sticking to this world, directly to his son-in-law.
…
Ye Xingguang stayed in the emergency room with her mother. After Ye Junqi left, she kept vigil for another half an hour before Bai Lanwu woke up from her faint.
Ye Xingguang, overwhelmed with excitement, held onto her hand, “Mom, are you awake?”
Bai Lanwu lied on the hospital bed, silent for a long while as she stared at the ceiling. After a long time, she seemed to make up her mind, “Xingguang, go buy boat tickets. I’ll take your dad home. For these last moments, I don’t want him to stay in the hospital.”
###Chapter 268: Is it true, Dr. Bo?_1
Tears rolled down Ye Xingguang’s cheeks instantly, “Mom…”
Bai Lanwu’s tears fell silently from her eyes, “I want your father to accompany me to the sea, to bask in the sun and watch the sea waves… It sounds maudlin, doesn’t it?”
“Not at all, Mom, it’s incredibly romantic. We, as a family, could bask in the sun at the sea, and I’ll navigate the ship. We’ll let Dad see this beautiful world one last time. I could sing for him again. He’s always loved my singing. We can take photos, another family portrait…”
The more Ye Xingguang spoke, the more she smiled. But by the end, her tears blurred her vision entirely, making her unable to see anything clearly.
She diligently wiped away her tears.
Struggling, Bai Lanwu got up, off of the bed and urged her, “Let’s go to you father, pack his things and arrange for his discharge. We’re bringing your father home, today.”
As Ye Xingguang wipe her incessant tears and nodded, she supported her mother from the emergency room to the nephrology department in another building. With every step she took, her heart felt as if it was being scorched.
Her mother’s steps were even smaller, she knew that in choosing to end her father’s treatment and insisting on taking him home, her mother must’ve experienced excruciating pain.
But, they didn’t have any other options. They could only act on their decision; taking her father home, not wishing his last remaining days be spent in a hospital. They wanted to bring him to the beach, let him see familiar places, let him feel the wind, gaze upon the sea….
No matter the walk back to the wards, there will always come a point when it ends.
The both of them stood before the white line marking the entrance to the nephrology ward but didn’t cross it.
Crossing the line might mean the end for her father.
Both of them stood quietly before the white line, unsure of how much time passed. Then, a bodyguard strolled over to them and said, “Miss Ye, Ma’am, why are you two still standing here? Dr. Bo is looking for you. He wants to take your father to get scanned and diagnose a new treatment plan.”
“What do you mean, wasn’t Dr. Bo arranging my father’s discharge?”
The bodyguard said, “Just now, Dr. Bo and the team of specialists brought over by Junqing reassessed your father’s condition. They discovered his condition may have improved slightly. They’re going to conduct CT scans, an ultrasound, an MRI and when the results are out, they’ll establish a new treatment plan. I was standing right there and heard everything. They’re saying your father may have a chance.”noveldrama
“Really?”
Ye Xingguang let out an incredulous shout.
The bodyguard nodded, “Dr. Bo is currently looking for you to take your father to get the MRI. The MRI might be on the second floor of No.4 Building.”
Ye Xingguang heard the news as if it were sweet music, but she dared not believe it. Excitedly she rushed into the doctor’s office to talk Dr. Bo, who was behind his desk doing research.
Before she reached him, she asked him, “Dr. Bo, is it true? There is hope for my father? Is this true?”
Dr. Bo nodded, “Don’t get too worked up, your father’s condition isn’t as bad as we were initially led to believe. His blood glucose, blood pressure, oxygen saturation are all showing signs of stability. Perhaps it was a misdiagnosis on my part. First, take your father to get the scans. I need to look at the new results.”
Ye Xingguang was simultaneously ecstatic and furious, “How could you misdiagnose such a critical matter? You’re a leading expert in the medical community!”
Dr. Bo looked embarrassed; he certainly hadn’t expected such circumstances either. It felt like a miracle.
Ye Xingguang had no time to be angry. She turned around and ran back. When she returned to the ward, Junqing wasn’t there, but she found her mother sitting by her father’s bed, holding her father’s hand. Mother and father locked eyes, their expressions filled with unshed tears. Words stuck in their throats.
###Chapter 269: Remember What You Said_1
Ye Xingguang found the lab report on the bedside table, but her father was so weak he couldn’t even sit up, let alone walk to get examined. She borrowed a wheelchair from the nurse station and finally got a chance to ask, “Dad, where’s my boyfriend?”
“He had something urgent, so he left first,” said Song Chuanqi.
Ye Xingguang was discontented, “Didn’t I ask him to stay with you in the ward? What could be so urgent that he needed to leave now?”
“Don’t blame him,” Song Chuanqi uttered only three words.
After the son-in-law had embraced him, he was eager to leave. According to himself, after their first hug, he felt a strong desire to drink blood, so he couldn’t stay in the bustling hospital and needed to find a quiet place to get through it.
Song Chuanqi didn’t know what such an uncontrollable craving felt like, as he hadn’t experienced it yet, but he could understand…
Ye Xingguang had no time to be angry. The strong girl directly lifted Song Chuanqi from the hospital bed to the wheelchair and, together with Bai Lanwu, took him to undergo various tests.
When all the MRI, CT, and ultrasound examinations were finished, and they had collected all the films, handed them over to Dr. Bo, waited for Dr. Bo and the team of specialists brought by Ye Junqing to view the films, held several consultations, and confirmed that his condition was improving, the mother and daughter could no longer contain their excitement and embraced each other.
The doctors from the expert group were all talking at once:
“This is simply a miracle. This morning, I thought that in such a situation it was generally incurable, no thought that the patient’s condition began to improve within a day.”
“Look, the patient’s kidney, cardiac and pulmonary, as well as liver functions, are showing signs of improvement. In this case, we should study what kind of medicine made him better?”
“The patient’s legs were still very swollen this morning, but now his legs are obviously beginning to reduce swelling…”
Listening to the doctors, Ye Xingguang was so moved that she wept.
What Ye Junqing said was right, when in despair, hope always comes. It turned out that there really are miracles in this world.
She rushed to the bedside, suddenly felt wronged like a child, “Dad, you can’t scare mom and me like this anymore, you are really annoying, how can you scare mom and me like this?”
Song Chuanqi apologized to her: “It’s my fault.”
“Of course it is. You scared me and mom.”
Thinking of her mom, Ye Xingguang immediately stood up and gave her seat to Bai Lanwu.
She kicked out all the doctors and herself to leave some privacy for her mom, to be alone with her dad.
Ye Xingguang said, “Mom, you sit with dad. I’ll go out to buy some late-night snacks. It’s already so dark and we haven’t eaten yet.”
Bai Lanwu nodded.
She sat at the bed head, her eyes fixed on her husband.
Song Chuanqi reached out his hand, and she immediately took the initiative to hold it, put his hand on her face, and kept stroking it.
Song Chuanqi reached out his other hand, weak yet tenderly caressing his wife’s soft hair: “Lan Wu, I’m sorry, I scared you, I won’t do it again.”
Bai Lanwu didn’t say a word, her heart full of unsaid words, but at this moment all she wanted was to gaze at her husband.
After a while, she said, “I thought you were leaving me.”
Realizing that he almost left her, Song Chuanqi felt mixed emotions, “Without growing old with you, I can’t bear to leave.”noveldrama
“…Remember what you said.”
Bai Lanwu, her face wet with tears, bowed down, resting her head on her husband’s body without wanting to speak. She didn’t want to say anything, she just wanted to quietly lean on her husband’s body, feeling the palpable him, truly not leaving her…
###Chapter 270: Worth it, as long as I can be the sun in your heart_1
After leaving the ward, Ye Xingguang stood outside, looking through the glass door. Overwhelmed with joy, she couldn’t help shedding tears. She took out her phone, eager to share this good news with Ye Junqing.
At this moment, he was the one she wanted to share this with most.
After a while, the call connected. She had almost lost her patience waiting when Ye Junqing’s voice finally came through the phone: “Hello…”
Ye Xingguang, overjoyed as if she had the whole world in her hands, cried and laughed at the same time: “Where have you been? Did you know my father’s condition has started to improve? All the test results showed signs of improvement. The doctor said my father has hope, he said his condition isn’t as bad as we thought. What you said really made sense. Even if the road is blocked and seems to lead nowhere, dawn finally comes after the darkest hour. A miracle really happened for my dad.”
“Are you relieved now?” Ye Junqing, suppressing the discomfort in his body, sounded quite normal.
“Mhm, just that you’re not here with me at this moment. I can’t hug you. Why did you have to leave in such a hurry?”
Ye Junqing didn’t say anything. He couldn’t help but imagine himself hugging the hyperactive woman gently in his arms.
He could feel her current state of mind.
He didn’t have to rush to the morgue again like before, to embrace her, who couldn’t even stand because of despair. But however strong he was, he could not soothe her inner pain. That sense of powerlessness…
He suddenly realized everything was changing. It seemed all things were moving in a positive direction.
Their relationship, which once seemed to be stuck in a dead-end, was reviving. She cared about him and took care of him when his chronic disease relapsed. She even went all-in to save his older brother when he was in danger, and even posted her selfies on Weibo, although he didn’t see those photos…
And him – He was right on time to rescue her father from the brink of death.
“Where are you now?” Ye Xingguang asked again.
Ye Junqing said, “I haven’t slept all day and night. I’m tired and found a hotel to get some sleep.”
“So that’s how it is. You haven’t left T city, have you?”
“No.”
“Well, I called just to tell you about my dad’s situation. Now go get some sleep. I’m going downstairs to get some late-night snacks. I’m suddenly so hungry. My mom hasn’t eaten either. I have to stay at the hospital to spend the night with my dad.”
“Go ahead.”
With that, Ye Junqing hung up the phone right away so that he wouldn’t betray his trembling voice.
Ye Xingguang wanted to talk more, but he ended the conversation. Was he really that tired?
Ye Xingguang felt somewhat disappointed.
After hanging up, she went downstairs to buy late-night snacks. The mood was completely different from when she did the same last night.
On the other hand, after hanging up the phone, Ye Junqing stayed alone in the car.noveldrama
The car was parked in the suburbs of T city, close to an isolated beach. The sound of the waves crashing against the cliffs couldn’t drown out the song playing on the phone in the car, “You were my first sunshine.”
Ye Junqing was trying to suppress his thirst for blood, trembling all over, shivering from the chill. Even though she wasn’t by his side at this moment, her song was on repeat, keeping him company, warming his heart.
Closing his eyes, he was brought back to a decade ago when Xiaoyuwei hugged him, requested him to leave, pleaded with him not to save her, and cried out, “Is it worth it?”
Listening to this song, he could now answer her confidently: “It is, as long as I can be the sun in your heart.”
###Chapter 271: Is this how you got your illness?_1
For Ye Junqing, it was an unbearable night, but with the song of the little mermaid accompanying him, it didn’t seem so hard.
As the sky was about to brighten, he fell asleep and didn’t wake up until three in the afternoon. When he awoke, he saw many men and women swimming and taking pictures on the sandy beach. They all seemed like tourists who had come to enjoy the Qixi festival at the most beautiful seaside.
Xiao Yun drove Ye Junqing here yesterday and stayed far away, silently protecting him, only daring to get close to the vehicle in the early morning.
Then, he sat on the front hood of the car all morning and ordered two takeaways.
At this moment, seeing that Mr. Junqing in the car had woken up, he waited for Mr. Junqing to get out of the car and handed him the bread and water he had bought: “Mr. Junqing, have some food.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing took the bread and mineral water and sat on the front hood of the car, filling his stomach while enjoying the sea breeze. Watching the young couples taking pictures on the beach, he couldn’t help feeling a twinge of envy.
“Mr. Junqing, I heard that Miss. Ye’s father’s condition has improved. Did you save him?” Xiao Yun had been curious all night.
Originally, he didn’t think much of it, but yesterday Mr. Junqing asked him a baffling question. If you are about to die, and you have a chance to live, but you will also have to suffer from a different kind of torment, would you choose to live or die?
Ye Junqing didn’t say anything.
“Mr. Junqing, is the disease you’re suffering from a result of this torment?” Xiao Yun continued to ask.
Ye Junqing remained silent.
But Xiao Yun, being the clever lad that he is, thought about it over a whole night and seemed to have figured out the cause of Mr. Junqing’s peculiar disease.
“I heard that once when you were playing in the sea, you had an accident. When you were found, you were on the verge of dying. After this, you began to have the peculiar disease that made you crave drinking blood.”
Ye Junqing glanced at Xiao Yun, who immediately said, “I won’t ask anymore.”
As soon as Ye Junqing looked away, Xiao Yun, apparently not afraid of death, continued, “In fact, I didn’t mean any harm. I just wanted to know the cause of your disease, as knowing the cause can help us target the treatment and find a solution. Seeing you fall ill every few days, even if you can bear it, as your bodyguard, I find it hard to stand.”
“It’s nothing. You’ll get used to it.”
Xiao Yun didn’t agree with this, “You should still find a way to fully cure your condition.”
After finishing the bread and drinking half a bottle of mineral water, Ye Junqing said, “This disease can’t be cured. Don’t waste your worries about it. Let’s go, back to the hospital.”
…
T City People’s Hospital, Nephrology Ward, Patient’s room.
Ye Xingguang had fallen asleep at the foot of the bed.
She hadn’t slept for two nights in a row. After eating lunch, she was finally forced by her parents to sleep. Her parents wanted her to rent a hotel room nearby to get some good sleep, but she refused to leave the ward. So she ended up falling asleep at the foot of the bed.
Ye Junqing walked into the patient’s room, filled with affection, lifted her up, and said to his in-laws, “Dad, mom, I will take her to the hotel to sleep.”
Bai Lanwu did not stop them: “Go ahead, let her get a good night’s sleep, her eyes are full of dark circles.”
Song Chuanqi lying on the hospital bed, also nodded slightly.
With a princess carry, Ye Junqing directly took the sleeping Ye Xingguang out of the ward.
Seeing Ye Junqing’s doting expression towards their daughter, the couple both revealed toothless grins.
Bai Lanwu said: “It’s a good thing you had someone test our daughter’s ex-boyfriend back then and asked him if he’d leave our daughter for a billion dollars. Otherwise, our daughter would have been ruined.”
###Chapter 272: What About the Rules in Your Household_1
Hearing this, a still relatively weak Song Chuanqi, with a cold expression, snorted, “A man who would abandon my daughter for ten million is blind!”
Bai Lanwu also felt a lingering fear, “It’s a shame about that ten million. He hurt our daughter and we still gave him ten million as a breakup fee. It’s a good thing our daughter is not aware of this.”
Song Chuanqi said with a stern face, “Don’t worry, it won’t be easy for anyone to claim my daughter’s breakup fee.”
Bai Lanwu nodded, although she was not a person who cared about money, the thought of it still made her feel uneasy.
However, Bai Lanwu said, “I don’t know what kind of person this son-in-law is. He seems fine from what I’ve seen in the last two days, but two days isn’t enough to really understand a person’s true nature. I hope he can be a good husband to our daughter…”
As parents, they don’t ask for more, they only hope that their daughter can find a man who truly loves her and will make her happy for the rest of her life.
In the hospital elevator, Ye Xingguang opened her eyes groggily, feeling as if her body was floating in mid-air. She didn’t understand why, but she heard a man’s soft voice in her ear, “Close your eyes, continue to sleep.”
Ye Xingguang’s eyelids were a tad heavy, so she closed her eyes again. After closing her eyes, she felt her body was unsteady, so she willingly rested her head into the man’s chest, muttering, “What are you doing, where are we going?”
“I’m taking you to a hotel so you can get some sleep.”
As Ye Junqing spoke, the elevator arrived at the hospital’s underground parking lot. She opened her eyes again and pushed the man, saying, “I don’t want to go to a hotel, I want to stay here with my dad.”
But the man was domineering and ignored her rebuttal, stepping out of the elevator with her in his arms.
The bodyguards followed him. By the time he carried her to his car, the bodyguards had respectfully opened the car door for them.
Only after Ye Junqing instructed the bodyguard to lay the car seat flat, he laid her down comfortably on the seat, fetched an air conditioning blanket, covered her with it and said, “Be obedient, you need to rest so that you have the energy to take care of your dad.”
“But…”
“If you don’t obey, I’ll execute a family law.” The statement from Ye Junqing shut her mouth.
Ye Xingguang thought about the family law he used on her in the car the other night and muttered, “Then you carry out your family law.”
Ye Junqing raised an eyebrow, “Seems like you quite enjoy it?”
Ye Xingguang blushed, quickly pulling the air conditioning blanket over her face, and retorted, “Who enjoys it? Don’t talk nonsense.”
Ye Junqing laughed arrogantly, “Was I talking nonsense? Seems that it was not only me who still has lingering feelings.”
Ye Xingguang’s head buzzed and she immediately turned over, ignoring him, not intending to continue this flirtatious topic.
But Ye Junqing wasn’t planning on letting her off the hook. He reached out, removing the air conditioning blanket from her face, and then forcefully pulled her into his arms.
Ye Xingguang suddenly became a bit nervous, “What are you doing, didn’t you tell me to sleep?”noveldrama
“I’ll be your pillow, sleep in my arms.” His deep voice was even more seductive.
Ye Xingguang’s face instantly turned crimson. Pretending to be flustered, she pushed him away, “No.”
But Ye Junqing ignored her words, insisting that she lay on his lap. He lowered his head, his deep gaze focused on her delicate face, there was concern and affection, and he could not take his eyes off her. Finally, his gaze rested on the earrings she’s wearing.
In fact, he noticed a long time ago that she was wearing earrings he gave her.
The tiny pink diamonds highlighted her fair and tender skin even further.
Ye Junqing reached out and touched her earlobe. In the past, she never liked the gifts he gave her, and he had never seen her wear any jewelry that he bought for her. But now, it seemed like everything was changing.
###Chapter 273: Why Do You Always Pinch My Ears_1
A pair of burning eyes was continuously on her, and it was hard for Ye Xingguang to ignore. Her heart was involuntarily beating erratically. Although the car’s air conditioning was on, she still felt hot. She wanted to fan herself but felt that would be too deliberate. Annoyed, she said, “Stop staring at me.”
“Then whom should I look at?”
Ye Xingguang suddenly blurted out, “Look at Xiao Yun.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing laughed, “Why should I look at him? I’m not the one infatuated with him.”
Xiao Yun decisively shifted his gaze out the window, pretending not to hear their conversation.
Ye Xingguang wanted to say, I’m not the one you’re infatuated with either, but she didn’t. Instead, she slapped away the man’s mischievous hand, “Why do you always pinch my earlobe? How am I supposed to sleep?”
Ye Junqing suppressed his ticklish hand, the corners of his mouth slightly raised, “Do you like the gift I gave you?”
“Huh? The earrings? I meant to ask you about that. Why did you give me a gift?”
“It’s a Qixi Festival gift.”
Ye Xingguang paused, so it was a Qixi Festival gift. She couldn’t suppress the upward curve of her lips, “You’re giving me the Qixi gift so early. Isn’t it supposed to be given on the day? Today is the Qixi Festival.”
Ye Junqing lowered his head, “Do you like it?”
Ye Xingguang modestly said, “It’s okay, not too bad.”
The moment she finished speaking, the man suddenly reached out to remove her beautiful pink earrings. She raised her hand to stop him, “What are you doing?”
“Take them off, I’m going to buy you a new pair that’s even better, that you’ll be very satisfied with. Throw these away.” His voice didn’t sound like he was joking.
“No!”
Ye Xingguang immediately protected her ears, “I do like them! If I didn’t, why would I wear them?”
After finishing, she yawned, “I’m really tired. Find a hotel nearby, the closer to the hospital, the better. I need to go back to the hospital to take care of my dad after I wake up. Oh, I only took a three-day leave for this trip to T city. Can you help me extend it? I want to stay and take care of my dad. He definitely can’t be discharged in ten days or half a month.”
“Granted.” Ye Junqing uttered two words.
Then, he gently covered her eyes with his large palm, and said two more words: “Sleep.”
When the car stopped at the hotel entrance, Ye Xingguang had already fallen asleep on his lap. Xiao Yun opened the car door for them, and Ye Junqing wrapped one arm around her waist and carried her out of the car.
His movements were very gentle, afraid to wake her up again. She was too tired and needed to have a good sleep.
On the way back to the ward, Ye Xingguang actually woke up, but she was reluctant to open her eyes. The scent of his body lingered in her breath, silently providing a deeply comforting sense of security.
When the man put her on the bed in the guest room, the scent that was uniquely his faded away, making her feel less comfortable than when she was in his arms. She felt a strange sense of loss, then fell back to sleep.
On Qixi night, the streets exuded a romantic atmosphere.
Ye Junqing sat by the floor-to-ceiling window, processing piles of documents on his laptop. Sometimes, when tired, he lifted his eyes to look down at the people immersed in the festival atmosphere down below the hotel, refreshing his mind, then looking at the girl whose half face was buried in the pillow.
Even though they couldn’t go out and enjoy the night of Qixi, honestly, he found this way of spending Qixi together to be quite romantic.
It was plain and simple, but truly enjoyable.
The only regret was that the young man Tang Zhou had deleted the selfie that she posted. Otherwise, they would have been the ultimate couple goals on this Qixi Festival!
###Chapter 274: What is it, Brother Qing posted on Weibo? _1
Unable to control his desire to show off his sweet relationship, Ye Junqing set his laptop aside and rose from his chair. Quietly, he approached the bed and sat down on the edge. He pulled out his phone and took a photograph of her sleeping face.
The white sheets, dark hair, her rosy complexion…
The only regret is that the bedside was missing a rose.
Ye Junqing, a man of perfection, cannot tolerate any flaws.
Getting up and going out, he found Xiao Yun: “Go buy a red rose.”
“Just one?”
Ye Junqing himself thought one was too stingy, though he only needed a prop, “Go buy a bouquet of red roses.”
“Lord Qing, do you need 11 or 999 roses?”
Ye Junqing: “Not 999.”
He once bought her 999 red roses, thinking that women liked red roses, the more, the better. But it almost suffocated her from the overwhelming scent and she criticized his taste behind his back, which infuriated him.
“Just one rose, and also buy me a basket of rose petals.”
Xiao Yun nodded, and half an hour later, he delivered the props to the hotel room.
Ye Junqing placed a fragrant and vibrant red rose next to the pillow and took another photo of the girl’s sleeping face.
The pure white sheets, dark hair, a beautiful rose, all accentuated how lovely and sweet the sleeping girl half-buried in the pillow looked.
With one hand holding his phone, Ye Junqing used his other hand to gently fix her messy hair. He brushed aside her stray bangs to reveal her glittering pink diamond earring.
“Click-”
The most beautiful face slept in his phone. He opened his dormant Weibo account, posted the picture, and captioned it: @KoiGirl, Thank you, my country.
Straight away, a WeChat message was sent to Tang Zhou: [Put my Weibo post at the top of the trending topics list.]
Tang Zhou glanced at it. What’s this? Brother Qing posted on Weibo?
Curious, Tang Zhou opened Weibo and found Ye Junqing’s post, exclaimed, “Ah! Brother Qing is too shameless! Showing off his relationship on Qixi night, how’s a single dog supposed to survive tonight? How are the journalists supposed to enjoy their holiday?”
Nevertheless, he screenshotted it in a second and forwarded it to his colleagues, ordering the Star’s Weibo staff to promote Ye Qing’s Weibo post to the top trending topic list immediately.
Then, he exited Weibo and opened the WeChat family group chat.
Naturally, this family group wasn’t the one he usually enjoyed chatting in, but a larger one with more family members.
There was no Ye Junqing in the small family group; It was for them to gossip about Ye Junqing. But in the larger family group, Ye Junqing was present.
Tang Zhou posted the screenshot in the group and @everyone.
Tang Zhou: [Awkward! Breaking news, breaking news, tonight’s news, Brother Qing is showing off his love life! Whose hand do you think is stroking the starlight?]
In less than a minute, the whole family group exploded.
Ji Qishu: [Don’t tell me, it’s Brother Qing?]
Tang Zhou: [Nonsense! I’m not jealous, I’m not jealous, I’m really not jealous! Not at all!!]
Ji Qishu: [Fake news! Fake news! How am I, a divorced man, supposed to cope! We agreed to stay single until 9102. Liar!]
Mu Nianbai: [@Fu Zhuo, is this true?]
Fu Zhuo: [I am still abroad, I don’t even know where Lord Qing is now, let me call and ask him.]noveldrama
As soon as Fu Zhuo sent the message, he received a system notification: [You have been removed from the group chat by Ye Junqing.]</p
###Chapter 275: Fu Zhuo is Completely Disappointed _1 
Fu Zhuo trembled with shock; has he been kicked out of the group by Ye Junqing? 
This is a big deal! 
Fu Zhuo immediately messaged Ye Junqing privately: [Lord Qing, Lord Qing, I was wrong, the hand must be yours.] 
Then he received another system message: [Ye Junqing has initiated friend verification. You have not yet become his (her) friend. Please send a friend verification request first. Once the other party verifies you, you can start chatting. Send friend verification.] 
What’s going on? How come he’s not even in Ye Junqing’s WeChat friends list anymore? 
Fu Zhuo got scared and immediately called Ye Junqing, but all he heard from the phone was the standard female robotic voice: [Sorry, the number you have dialed is currently in use. Please try again later.] 
Fu Zhuo trembled with unease, had Ye Junqing blocked his phone number too? 
In their twenty-some years of knowing each other, this has never happened before. What was going on? He had been honestly handling project matters overseas, and the project had been progressing smoothly without any mishaps!!! 
Fu Zhuo immediately jumped onto the small family group chat and cried out. 
Fu Zhuo: [What happened? I was kicked out of the large family group by Ye Junqing, and I was deleted from WeChat, and my phone number was blocked. Did any of you see in the large group why Ye Junqing wanted to blacklist me?] 
After sending it out, no one responded. He was the only one crying out in the group. 
Fu Zhuo: [@Tang Zhou @Ji Qishu] 
Fu Zhuo: [@Tang Zhou @Ji Qishu, what are you guys doing?] 
Fu Zhuo: [@Tang Zhou @Ji Qishu, why aren’t you guys speaking?] 
Two full minutes later… 
Tang Zhou: [I was just grabbing red envelopes. Ye Junqing sent a lot of them, haha. I got the lucky draw each time. I’m on a lucky streak tonight. Wait for me, I’m going to continue grabbing red envelopes. By the way, why aren’t you grabbing any?] 
Tang Zhou hadn’t seen Fu Zhuo’s first message in the group. 
Fu Zhuo: [What? Ye Junqing is sending red envelopes in the group? How can I grab red envelopes if I’m not in the group! I was expelled from the group by Ye Junqing! You guys quickly help me find out what’s happening?] 
Tang Zhou: [You got kicked out?] 
Tang Zhou scrolled through his phone screen and finally saw the first message Fu Zhuo had sent in the group. 
Tang Zhou: [What happened? How did you upset Ye Junqing? I’ll stop talking to you now lest I get implicated.] 
Having said that, Tang Zhou went off happily to grab more red envelopes. The more red envelopes he grabbed, the easier it would be to take care of that little Leng Chenmo! 
Fu Zhuo: [!! Are you my brother or not, come back] 
However, no one paid attention to him. Everyone was busy grabbing red envelopes in the other family group, enjoying themselves. 
After Ye Junqing casually sent out a dozen or so waves of red envelopes, he muted his phone, put it back into his pocket, and then lowered his head, silently looking at his own mermaid tail. The sight, in his eyes, was extremely beautiful. noveldrama
Then he took off his shoes, lifted the covers, and lay down next to her. His long arm reached under her neck and gently pulled her into his arms. 
Ye Xingguang slept until 9:30 in the evening and was woken up by the need to pee. 
Upon awakening, as soon as she opened her eyes, she saw the man’s sturdy chest. She was momentarily dazed and then realized that half of her body was lying on top of the man’s, with one hand voluntarily wrapped around his arm. Her head was on his chest, and she could hear his powerful heartbeat. 
As for the man, one hand was under her head as a pillow, the other leisurely twirling a lock of her hair. The ends of her hair were twisted around his fingertips, seemingly being played with. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t move immediately, neither did Ye Junqing let go of the lock of hair wound around his fingertip. Instead, he used the end of her hair as a brush, gently stroked her nose a couple of times, and asked in a deep, tender voice, “Awake?”
###Chapter 276: This big cancer, unexpectedly a master of flirting! _1 
Ye Xingguang looked up, his eyes entranced by the flawless handsomeness of the formidable man, who appeared to be half-awake and half-asleep. His mind hadn’t started processing yet, he was just blinking in a dizzy confusion, as if not understanding the current situation. 
Jun Qing took in her adorable stunned expression. Unable to control his feelings, he bent down and lightly planted a kiss on her soft lips. 
Feeling a bit embarrassed, Ye Xingguang pushed the man away. But Jun Qing didn’t let go of her. Instead, he seemed more interested. He propped himself up, a hand supporting her head while the other gently caressed her face. 
With a gentle gaze, suffused with an intense emotion, he looked down at her. Deeply. 
Being stared at this way made her heart flit around anxiously. It was a gaze that left her somewhat defenseless. noveldrama
Too passionate… 
It captivated her entire being. 
Feeling embarrassed, she looked away, her voice filled with shyness, “What are you doing?” 
Jun Qing remained silent, simply replying with a soft chuckle. 
Feeling even more embarrassed, Ye Xingguang asked again, her voice betraying her attempts to hide her shyness, “What are you really doing?” 
Jun Qing was silent once more, still smiling. When he smiled, the coldness in his eyes disappeared, now filled with a light that was as comforting as a spring breeze, causing her heart to unintentionally heat up, feeling dizzy… 
His gaze made her heart flutter. 
She instinctively wanted to grab something, to hide her face, but she couldn’t. All she could do was helplessly endure his passionate yet tender stare, their lips hadn’t even touched, but she felt as if his gaze had already kissed her, inside out. 
In the end, unable to bear it any longer, she surrendered, “I need to pee.” 
Jung Qing propped his arm on the pillow, shifting his body to the side, “Go ahead.” 
Ye Xingguang immediately sat up to escape. As she was about to put on her shoes, she noticed the white hotel slippers surrounded by rose petals arranged in the shape of a heart, a pleasant surprise. 
Suppressing her enjoyment, she slipped on the slippers and hurried off to the bathroom. 
Then, she quickly locked the bathroom door. Standing in front of the sink, she slapped her face. It was so red…and hot… 
This formidable man was an expert at playing coy! 
She’d barely kept herself in check earlier. 
Ye Xingguang hid in the bathroom for a long time, avoiding going out for fear of becoming entrapped in his tender gaze. Until she heard a knock on the bathroom door, asking, “Did you fall into the toilet? Do you want me to come in and get you?” 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes and finally left the bathroom. 
“What do you want to eat?” asked Jun Qing. 
Peering into the darkness outside, Ye Xingguang asked, “What time is it?” 
“Nine forty.” 
Ye Xingguang exclaimed, “It’s so late! I need to get back to the hospital; I have to take care of my dad tonight.” 
Jun Qing didn’t give her a chance to put on her shoes and leave, telling her, “Your father said it’s the evening of Qixi Festival tonight. He doesn’t want his shining light bulb of a daughter to interrupt your mother’s celebration of his survival.” 
“I bet my dad didn’t say that,” retorted Ye Xingguang. 
Instead of arguing, Jun Qing showed her a message from her dad on his phone. It seemed they were already friends. 
Ye Xingguang read and found out her dad really did send a message: [Tonight, your mother and I want to celebrate Qixi Festival in the hospital room. Don’t let Xingguang disturb us. She is a good kid, but she loves to be a third wheel in our romantic affairs. I don’t want to see her until after seven in the morning.]
###Chapter 277: She is my Fiancée_1
Ye Xingguang: “…”
How could her father do this? It’s so heartbreaking!!!
Ye Junqing put away his cell phone, smiling as he said, “Let’s go, accompany me to find a place to have dinner, you know this area better than I do, I’m hungry.”
Feeling down, Ye Xingguang tidied herself and followed him out of the hotel, standing outside she said, “Actually, I’m not very familiar with this place either. My hometown isn’t T City, I live in a small fishing village far in the sea, and I only came to T city when my father was hospitalized, and I usually stick to within about a kilometer of the hospital. The only other place I go to is the shopping street.”
“Let’s go to the shopping street.”
Ye Junqing didn’t care, as long as he could pass the time with her, he could eat anywhere.
The most important thing was never the food, but the company.
They took a car there, parking at the entrance of the shopping street, unable to drive any further in.
After getting out of the car, Ye Junqing said to Xiao Yun, “You guys don’t need to follow me, feel free to do whatever you want.”
He then took her by the hand and together, they merged into the crowd, just like the other young couples heading for the shopping street.
This mundane activity brought him immense joy.
Due to the large crowd, he always kept her close in his arm, fearing she might get bumped into, shielding her tightly.
Ye Xingguang caught a glimpse of his arm around hers out of the corner of her eye. For some reason, it filled her with sweetness. Pretending not to notice that he had her in a tight embrace, she shyly adjusted her hair, her heart filled with little joys.
She said, “Or, shall we go to the seafood street for a seafood feast? T City is known for its seafood, every shop on the seafood street has delicious dishes, I just don’t know if you’re used to seafood street food stalls? The taste is definitely good, just that the environment can be a little noisy.”
She wanted to show hospitality, yet she worried that a street stall might not suit his noble status.
After all, he seemed to live quite a refined and elegant life.
“I can handle it.” Even though once he humored her and had street food with her, leading to diarrhea when he got home, and she showed no gratitude, saying he was delicate and not on the same wavelength as her.noveldrama
In order to be on the same wavelength with her, he later frequently visited street stalls with Tang Zhou, and eventually got his delicate stomach accustomed to street food.
Hearing him say this, Ye Xingguang cheerfully gestured, “Let’s go!”
Even though it was already past ten, the seafood street was still packed with people. There were couples out celebrating Chinese Valentine’s Day, some girls wearing rabbit ear muffs, others carrying bouquets or holding rabbit-shaped lanterns…
“Handsome guy, scan this QR code to follow our account, we’ll give you a pair of rabbit ears, why not get a pair for your girlfriend?”
A girl came over, thinking in the moonlight that Ye Junqing’s face looked familiar, but couldn’t remember where she’d seen him. This didn’t stop her from pushing for him to scan the QR code and follow the account, sweet-talking them: “Your girlfriend is so beautiful, she will look super cute and adorable with rabbit ears, definitely the most shining girl tonight.”
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing retorted with one sentence, “She’s not my girlfriend.”
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “…”
Okay, the selfie she posted was deleted, and they haven’t decided to give it a shot yet. Though she might not be his girlfriend now, she was still his official fiancée as per the government records. Why would he say such heartless words?
Both Ye Xingguang and the sweet-talking girl were left feeling frustrated.
But right after, Ye Junqing took out his phone and said, “She is my fiancée.”
###Chapter 278: Almost laughed out honey, hold on!_1
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Almost bursting into sweet laughter, she held it back!
Don’t let the pride get to you!
Ye Junqi opened WeChat, “Where do I scan?”
The sweet-mouthed girl, holding up the QR code around her neck, “Oh my, it’s awkward to ask this of such a handsome guy. Your fiancee is so beautiful, and you’re so handsome. You two are like a match made in heaven. Right, scan this and follow our official account.”noveldrama
After Ye Junqi scanned the QR code and followed their public account, the sweet-mouthed girl immediately asked Ye Xingguang: “Miss, which one do you like?”
Ye Xingguang picked one, turning on the switch for the bunny ears, they sparkled and glowed.
She held it in her hands and admired it, but Ye Junqi said, “Put it on.”
“No, it’s too silly.”
As soon as she finished speaking, Ye Junqi took the bunny headband from her hand, fixed her hair, and put the sparkly bunny headband on her head, making her look like a cute bunny girl.
Ye Xingguang didn’t know how she looked, but noticed the smirk on Ye Junqi’s face. She blinked her eyes, “Doesn’t it look silly?”
“Not silly.” It’s adorable.
Was he genuinely serious? Why did his smile seem so mocking? She felt like she must look incredibly foolish at this moment.
At that moment, someone nearby exclaimed, “Look, there are fireworks!”
She curiously lifted her head too and saw the dazzling fireworks, lighting up the entire sky instantly.
The dispersing fireworks finally formed a set of words confessing love: [Ying Ying, I love you.]
“Wow! Someone is confessing their love on Qixi night, isn’t that too romantic?” The girls around started commenting with envy.
Looking upward, Ye Xingguang also found it romantic.
The dazzling fireworks didn’t stop. As the words disappeared, more fireworks bloomed, forming a large heart. Each round of fireworks unveiled a different romantic pattern, taking the amorous atmosphere of Qixi Night to its peak in an instant.
“Do you like this sort of thing?” Ye Junqi asked.
“Of course.” What girl doesn’t like such passionate and bold confessions?
She stood still, staring intently at the sky. She envied the girl called Ying Ying but she could only envy her. The big toxic tumor would never do such silly things. Even trying it out requires her to take a selfie on Weibo—wasn’t this asking her to take the initiative?
Ye Junqi bowed his head, gazing at her tender face under the fireworks, ‘You used to not like this, I’ve arranged more stunning fireworks for you before, but you didn’t even spare it a glance. You even called the environmental protection bureau to accuse me of causing air pollution.’
Thinking about this, Ye Junqi felt annoyed.
He held her wrist, his grasp a bit heavy, “Let’s go—what’s there to look at?”
“What’s going on?”
This man, if he wants to hold hands then hold hands—why so aggressive? Is he throwing a fit again?
The weather in June, it can change so suddenly.
After grumbling in her mind for what felt like forever, Ye Xingguang arrived on the seafood street. Seeing all the mouth-watering foods, she became excited again. This she wanted, that she must order too, and bubble tea was a must buy, but the man should line up. She would just stand by the side, happily munching on food.
Then, both she and Ye Junqi each held a bubble tea. She wanted to take out her phone to take a photo but after searching for a while, she remembered that she had left her phone charging in the hospital room before going to sleep at noon. Later, she was directly taken to the hotel by the big toxic tumor, but her phone was still in the hospital.
“Give me your phone.”
Ye Xingguang reached out her hand.
Ye Junqi handed her the phone. Ye Xingguang turned on the selfie mode, took several selfies with her bubble tea and still felt it wasn’t enough. She stood on tiptoe and said, “You hold your bubble tea like me and let’s take a selfie together.”
###Chapter 279: Don’t stop him, he wants to enforce family discipline! _1
Ye Junqing glanced at himself in the lens, finding it absurd to hold the milk tea that way. He couldn’t help but lower his brows, reverting back to his usual arrogance. Yet, Ye Xingguang remarked, “Hey, don’t put on that icy face, it doesn’t match my vibe at all.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
“Forget it, I won’t take a picture of your face, just the two cups of milk tea. You’re so not photogenic.”
Ye Junqing: “!!!”
Did this girl actually think he wouldn’t spank her?
Ye Junqing snatched back his phone in one fell swoop.noveldrama
“What are you doing? I wasn’t done taking pictures.”
Ye Junqing extended his arm, holding up the phone, pulling her into his arms, and said, “is your arm as long as mine?”
Ye Xingguang held the milk tea next to her face, making a goofy expression, “Your arm is indeed more suitable as a selfie stick.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
No one stop him, he planned to punish her at home!
In the end, the two ended up in a bustling seafood stall, sat at a table by the entrance, and waited for fifteen minutes for a couple who had eaten their fill to leave before they got a seat.
Ye Xingguang handed the menu to Ye Junqing: “You choose, I’m treating tonight.”
Ye Junqing picked up the menu and randomly pointed towards a few items. Ye Xingguang took a look and exclaimed with delight, “These are also my favorite dishes. I didn’t expect that we actually have the same tastes. Boss, we are ready to order, please come over.”
Ye Junqing, sitting across from her, watching her radiant and joyful expression, smirked, thinking to himself, ‘Of course, these are exactly what you like to eat.’
At that moment, Ye Junqing’s phone began to ring. He saw that it was his assistant’s number, and he picked up the call.
As soon as he answered, Fu Zhuo’s voice came through, “Brother Qing….”
“Beep beep!”
After Fu Zhuo only managed to say two words, Ye Junqing immediately hung up and immediately blocked the assistant’s number. He wanted to put Fu Zhuo in a timeout tonight, and had no intention of dealing with him.
Ye Xingguang was curious, “Whose call was that?”
“A telemarketer selling real estate.”
Ye Xingguang said, “I hate those calls, just ignore it.”
“Mm.”
Ye Junqing muted his phone. The man, unwilling to be interrupted, sat in a seafood stall that clashed with his high-class demeanor. His deep gaze never left Ye Xingguang’s face. He wasn’t chatty like a playboy and didn’t plan to find a conversation topic to break the silence. He just quietly watched her.
Ye Xingguang felt she could no longer endure being watched. The charm tonight was too overwhelming, her whole body exuding strong pheromones. A spark could start with just a glance, what should she do?
Unfortunately, she had left her phone in the sickroom. She couldn’t even pull out her phone to distract herself.
She looked around, trying to hide her feelings, propped her cheek up with her hand, and carefully avoided making eye contact with him. She nibbled her lips then played with her hair. Finally, she burst out, “Boss, isn’t the food ready yet?”
“Please wait a moment, we apologize for the delay due to how packed we are tonight. We have a promotional activity in collaboration with the Mermaid Theme Park. If you spend over 500 yuan in our shop, you can get two tickets to the Mermaid Theme Park. There is a special event for the QiXi festival in the Mermaid Theme Park tonight. After having your meal, you two can take a walk there, just two blocks away in that direction.”
“Oh, thank you.”
The national Mermaid Theme Parks, she never visited before, because they were the landscapes of Xia Yanyan. But now she realized, the Mermaid Theme Parks built by Ye Enterprises were not for Xia Yanyan, but for her, Xia Qiongqiong!
###Chapter 280: That Is His Secret Alone_1
After a scrumptious seafood meal that took them almost an hour to finish, Ye Xingguang, with a satisfying belch and a full belly, dragged Ye Junqing to the Mermaid Theme Park to digest.
With a plethora of water activities, the Mermaid Theme Park was bustling with people, even near eleven at night.
However, Ye Xingguang could only stand aside and watch the fun as she couldn’t swim.
Ye Junqing tried to draw her into the queue for the ferris wheel, but she resisted, dismissing it disdainfully, “I’m too mature for these kiddie toys. Not interested.”
Are you sure it’s not because you’re afraid of heights?
Ye Junqing didn’t see the need to uncover her lie. Instead, he drew her close to him and continued to wait in line.
He enjoyed taking her on the ferris wheel. The way she would exaggeratedly cling to him, giving off a sense of complete reliance, was particularly enjoyable for him. Even though it seemed quite scummy to take his acrophobic fiancée on the ferris wheel, he’d gladly be the villain!
At this moment, Ye Junqing wanted to play the bad guy.
Having bought the tickets, Ye Xingguang, standing in front of the ferris wheel, was already on the verge of freaking out: “No, no, no ferris wheel. They’re not fun at all. I’m a grown-up fairy, you know. Who’d want to ride such a childish thing?”
Off to the side, a child pestering their parents to get on the ferris wheel spoke up loudly after hearing her words: “The big sister is just scared! That’s not childish!”
“Who is scared? Me? Scared of a ferris wheel?” Ye Xingguang retorted defiantly through teary eyes.
The kid, with a smirk, boarded one of the cabins. As he sat down, he threw a contemptuous look at Ye Xingguang.
Feeling insulted, Ye Xingguang steeled herself, stoically heading for another cabin.
As soon as she stepped in, she regretted it. Could she really not bear to admit her fear?
Ancient sayings suggested that if one is timid, then it would set a trend. Thus, she should definitely not show any signs of being scared!
Ye Junqing followed her into the cabin. Inside, it was just the two of them.
Looking at her, hands clenched tightly on the seat, Ye Junqing asked knowingly, “Scared?
“Not at all!” After her firm denial, her grip tightened even further.
Ye Junqing didn’t sit next to her, instead taking a seat opposite her. With a leisurely posture, he looked down at the layout of the Mermaid Theme Park from high above.
He held two secrets in this park, a major one, and a minor one. He hid his deepest affection in Mermaid Theme Parks nationwide, unrecognized so far. Those secrets were only for him.noveldrama
As their ferris wheel cabin reached the three o’clock position, Ye Xingguang, too terrified to look down, shifted her bottom to sit next to Ye Junqing, unconsciously getting closer to him.
As Ye Junqing shifted his glance back towards Ye Xingguang, he asked with a hidden smile, “Thought you weren’t scared?”
“I’m not!”
“Then why are you sitting so close to me?”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
Aren’t I your official partner?
Aren’t I your fiancée?
You snuck into my bed while I was asleep at the hotel, and I didn’t say a word! Now I sit next to you, and you have an issue? This fairy is truly furious!
Enraged, Ye Xingguang went back to sit opposite Ye Junqing. But as the ferris wheel continued to climb, her fear increased. With a pounding heart and sweaty palms, she couldn’t help but sneak a glance downwards when their cabin reached the one o’clock position. Unable to hide her fear of heights any longer, she let out a startled cry and dramatically plonked herself onto Ye Junqing.
###Chapter 281: Why Does This Sound So Ambiguous?_1
At the same time, she tightly wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face deep into his chest, a moment that Ye Junqing both savored and anticipated the most.
He extended his arms, hugging the form that had jumped into his embrace closely, inwardly cursing himself for being such a playboy!
Then, cheek to cheek, he spoke in a low, soft voice, “Don’t be afraid, I’m here aren’t I?”
Ye Xingguang shut her eyes tightly, “What good is your presence? I will absolutely, absolutely, definitely not ride the Ferris wheel again in my life! I rather be a coward!!!”
Ye Junqing held her tightly in his arms, one hand supporting her back and the other supporting her legs, like the posture of holding a child, revealing a fatherly smile, “Open your eyes and look down. It’s beautiful.”
“I won’t look. No matter how beautiful it is, could it be more beautiful than me?” Ye Xingguang, utterly frightened, blurted out her narcissistic words.
Ye Junqing chuckled without response.
As the Ferris wheel rose towards the pinnacle, Ye Junqing coaxed her again, “Just take a peek. Look down.”
She refused to look. She would not look, even if it meant death.noveldrama
Ye Junqing felt regretful. No matter how many times he took her on the Ferris wheel, she would never discover the little confession hidden in the Mermaid Theme Park.
How could she, who was not afraid of anything, have a fear of heights?
Of course, she was also afraid of thunder. According to her, she had once been struck by lightning.
At this moment, Ye Junqing felt somewhat vexed and thought to himself irately, she deserved to be struck!
Ye Xingguang had no idea how she had managed to endure the ordeal on the Ferris wheel. On the Lunar Festival where others celebrate with their lovers, trying to make their girls happy, her unruly guy chose to play games she was most scared of, absolute ironclad aloofness!
When the Ferris wheel finally reached the ground, Ye Xingguang jumped off as if she had been granted salvation, not forgetting to kick the instigator before running off like escaping a calamity, her confidence was only regained when she felt the ground under her feet, but her legs were still weak and palms still sweaty.
The Mermaid Theme Park had many other exciting attractions, but Ye Xingguang was still shaking. Afraid that he’d drag her to other rides, she abruptly grabbed Ye Junqing’s arm and said, “Let’s go watch a movie? I heard there are a few good ones for the Lunar Festival. We can watch the midnight show.”
Ye Junqing took out his phone to buy movie tickets, asking which movie she wanted to see.
Ye Xingguang was caught off guard, revealing a trace of pettiness, “You’re pretty skilled at buying tickets. You even know which app to use. Have you watched movies with other girls before?”
Ye Junqing lowered his head, glancing at her, “Jealous?”
Ye Xingguang responded with a twisted face, “How could that be possible? You wish!”
Ye Junqing humphed, gritting his teeth, “Yeah, I used to drag a pretty woman to watch movies when I was bored.”
“Who was she?” She hadn’t heard of any romantic history before. Rumor had it that he liked Xia Yanyan, but it seems that wasn’t the case.
“An insensible little bastard.”
From Ye Junqing’s tone, there was a hint of resentment, like a complaining husband.
Ye Xingguang felt even more offended. How could those words sound so ambiguous?
An insensible little bastard, though sounded like an insult, it sparked a pang of jealousy within her.
In a sour tone, she pointed to a movie, “Buy this one. That insensible little bastard, your first love?”
[31 chapters have been updated so far, I’m too tired. The rest will be updated tomorrow during the day, kisses, I am not just seeking recommendations, also seeking red beans, even monthly passes, monthly passes, monthly passes, I love you already, please come into my dreams, love you~~~]
###Chapter 282: Wanted to Forget Each Other in the World, But the Wandering Woman Turns Back and Gold Can’t Exchange_1
After buying the movie tickets, Ye Junqi suddenly felt cheerful again, “Aren’t you the one who’s not jealous? Then why are you asking in such detail?”
Ye Xingguang argued in her heart: “I’m not jealous, just casually asking. Even if it’s about his first love, it’s a calamitous relationship. Otherwise, how could I have been the lucky one to draw your name in the Civil Affairs Bureau? Forget about it, just let it go.”
Ye Junqi looked at her, suddenly feeling moved. Holding her close with his long arm, he called Xiao Yun to come pick them up, then hesitatingly said, “I want to forget, I want to move on too, but the heavens didn’t allow it.”
Ye Xingguang:”…”
She bit her lip, agitated. Why couldn’t they avoid discussing such sensitive topics on Qixi Night?
But her heart was devilishly intrigued.
“So, you were really dumped by your first love?”
Which girl was so bold to dump Ye Junqi?
“I intended for us to forget each other in this world. But alas, a woman’s heart is as unpredictable as the wind.” Ye Junqi remarked, full of deep emotion.
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
She didn’t want to chat with this obnoxious man anymore. He thoroughly lacked charm and had no understanding of what was appropriate to say in different situations.
Ye Xingguang walked in an angry huff to the front gate of the mermaid-themed park to wait for his car, while ignoring him completely. He, in turn, didn’t initiate any conversation but seemed to be appreciating her jealous expression quite tremendously.noveldrama
When Xiao Yun picked them up, he quickly sensed the tension. It generally seemed like she was sulking, while he was laughing.
When they finally got to the cinema and the movie started, Ye Xingguang sat in there, sending Ye Junqi numerous narrowed-eye glares from the darkness.
It was the movie that infuriated her even more.
The female lead’s experience was similarly unfortunate, falling in love with a man who had an unrequited first love.
The plot was like this: The male lead and his first love were college classmates, but the male lead’s mother didn’t consent to their relationship, leading them to break up. Afterwards, the male lead and the female lead were introduced to each other through blind dates, and the male lead’s mother was quite fond of the female lead, insisting on their marriage.
The female lead didn’t know about the male lead’s first love. Although his attitude towards her was neither cold nor warm, he was quite the gentleman. Most importantly, he was exceptionally handsome, leading the female lead to be completely smitten by him, thereby marrying the male lead.
After they were married, the male lead took good care of her in all aspects but never shared a bed with her. His aloof attitude troubled the female lead. Not knowing where she was falling short, she one day fell ill with appendicitis. Alone at home, she tried calling the male lead, hoping he could take her to the hospital, but he didn’t answer his phone at all.
Later, she dialed the emergency number and was taken to the hospital. She weathered all the surgeries alone and lay bedridden for three days. Despite trying to call the male lead for three straight days, she couldn’t get through to him.
At that time, one of the male lead’s friends called her and asked her to stop calling the male lead incessantly, otherwise, it would only upset him.
It turned out, the first love’s father had passed away. The male lead had been accompanying her and busying himself with the funeral proceedings. The female lead calling him persistently during this time would only earn his annoyance for being disrespectful.
By this point in the movie, Ye Xingguang was so upset she could cry, feeling wronged.
She didn’t know if she felt sorry for the female lead in the movie or for herself.
The male lead breaking up with his first love wasn’t the female lead’s fault. The female lead met the male lead through her parents and married him. Why can’t she call him when she falls ill? She didn’t know about the passing away of the male lead’s first love’s father. How are her calls being disrespectful? She’s not some homewrecker! That male lead’s friend might as well be Fu Zhuo in disguise!
###Chapter 283: That was the handsomest he’s ever seen her_1
Thinking this, Ye Xingguang turned her head and asked Ye Junqing: “Do you think the female lead is immature?”
“No.” Ye Junqing gave her a two-word answer.
Ye Xingguang then felt a little relieved, thankfully Ye Junqing isn’t like the male lead in the movie, otherwise she would have been upset.
She continued watching the movie, hoping that the male lead in the movie would find out that the female lead has appendicitis and feel guilty. But what she got was not the male lead’s guilt, but the male lead’s first love came to find the female lead.
The male lead’s first love is a very resourceful woman, she doesn’t play the vicious second female lead but only tells the female lead about her feelings with the male lead. She reveals that the marital home which the female lead is living now, is something they had both designed and decorated together, even the bed she is sleeping on was picked by her.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t stand to watch, she couldn’t even imagine how the female lead felt at that moment when she came to know about the traces of the male lead’s first love in her marital home and even on her marital bed.
The female lead didn’t even know before their marriage that the male lead had a deeply loved first love. She didn’t even know that the marital home was…
After the marriage, she only realized how stupid she had been.
The male lead’s first love also tells the female lead that she will not be with the male lead anymore, but now it’s the male lead who’s pursuing her unwillingly. He knelt at her father’s funeral, accepting the mourning from all of her relatives and friends.
Although the first love only spoke about some facts, the female lead fell apart and didn’t know how to proceed with the marriage.
She was eventually discharged from the hospital, found the male lead, she was loath to let him go. She felt she couldn’t walk into the male lead’s heart, so she painfully proposed a divorce. But the male lead didn’t agree, saying that his mother wouldn’t agree to their divorce.
He also said that it’s already impossible for him and his first love, they couldn’t be together because of their characters and family issues. But he still hopes that the female lead will give him some time to comfort his first love who just lost her father.
“Was it due to character and family reasons that you also couldn’t be with your first love?” Ye Xingguang felt a small knot in her heart and couldn’t help but look up and ask the large tumor.
Ye Junqing lowered his head and looked at her for a while, rubbed her head and said, “Don’t project yourself into the movie.”
“…” She couldn’t help but imagine herself in the situation, out of extreme curiosity about his first love.
Seeing that Ye Junqing was concentrating on the movie and ignoring her, Ye Xingguang asked again, “How did you two meet each other?”
Ye Junqing’s voice was very low, “When I was at death’s door, she came like a goddess at a young age and saved my life.”
That was the most heroic she had ever seen her in his life.
And he would never forget it for the rest of his life.
Ye Xingguang’s stomach was all twisted up listening to this – a debt of gratitude for saving a life!
“I also saved your brother’s life.” Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but mutter, hoping he would remember the favor she did.
Ye Junqing couldn’t suppress his smile seeing her so cute when she’s jealous, suddenly he wanted to see more of her jealousy. In the past, she would never be jealous for him.
He let out a few words, “I know, and I won’t forget it for the rest of my life.”noveldrama
Only then did Ye Xingguang feel a refreshing cool breeze blowing into her frustrated heart.
“Are you two really over for good? You’re not going to be like in the movie, right – connected in spite of numerous breakings?”
Ye Junqing’s voice was so soft it seemed to overflow with water, “You’re so concerned, so jealous? Have you fallen for me?”
Ye Xingguang smacked her lips, “Why are you so narcissistic? I’m saying that during our official partnership period, you better not dare to cheat on me or else I’ll report your affair to the Civil Affairs Bureau and you’ll be in jail!”
###Chapter 284: Does He Really Want To or Not?_1
Ye Junqing didn’t want to tease her any longer, nor did he want to tell her. After all, even if he told her, she wouldn’t believe it. Decidingly, he said, “Don’t worry, I’ve already decided that I won’t keep any relations with her for the rest of my life, whether I’m alive or dead.”
But if she tried to hook up with him, he wouldn’t mind slapping himself harshly.
Upon hearing these words, Ye Xingguang pursed her lips. For him not to keep any relations with her alive or dead, how hurt he must have been. Is this the real reason for him to be at the top of the cancerous list?
Ye Xingguang patted his shoulder to console him, “Let the sleazy women go with the wind, without the old ones leaving the new ones won’t come.”
Ye Junqing looked at the sleazy woman and stayed silent.
With full anticipation, Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth. Finally, near the end of the movie, she gathered the courage to say, “That morning, I posted a selfie on Weibo, but every time I post it gets deleted, I don’t know why.”
After she finished speaking, she blushed.
Her heart pounding like a drum.
Having figured out her feelings and wanting to give it a try with the malignant tumor, Ye Xingguang didn’t want to suppress it anymore. She released her selfie and wanted him to know that she had posted a selfie.
Then, she held her breath, awaiting his response.
Ye Junqing had been very excited before. But hearing her words now, his frozen heart still burned.
He didn’t say anything, only holding her closer to him.
Ye Xingguang had an uneasy feeling. Was his silence his knowing about her selfie being deleted? Or was it even his intention?
She waited until the movie ended completely, the lights in the cinema all brightened, but the man didn’t utter a single word, her heart sunk to an all-time low.
…
At this moment, despite it being the most beautiful night on the Qixi festival, all KOCO TV station reporters were called back to the company for emergency overtime work.
No one expected that Carp Lady, who had been kept hidden, had been revealed by the group’s highest executive!noveldrama
Even more unexpected was that Carp Lady was a female reporter from their department!
The department head scolded all the reporters in the department, after searching for Carp Lady for so long when she was happily bouncing under their noses without a single person noticing!
Now having found out, Carp Lady herself has asked for leave to go home, barely missing the chance to be the first media to interview her!
The department head was on the verge of going bald from worry, trying hard to recall if he had ever bullied her during work. This was the rhythm of offending the top CEO’s wife, what a disaster!!!!!!
Rebecca Perry didn’t finish work until late. Yun Chen drove his Audi to pick her up from the company. As soon as she got into the car, Rebecca Perry threw her bag heavily at the back and started venting her anger in the car.
“Did you know about Ye Xingguang being the Carp Lady? She actually won Ye Junqing at the Civil Affairs Bureau’s draw! They are worlds apart, how can Ye Xingguang win Ye Junqing, is the system blind?”
Yun Chen gripped the steering wheel hard and with a stern face, he said, “Enough, say no more. She’s not that bad. If she won Ye Junqing, maybe the system thought they were a good match.”
But Yun Chen was not feeling well deep inside. Once upon a time, Ye Xingguang was his girlfriend. The last time he saw Ye Xingguang outside the hallway of the President’s banquet hall, his ex-girlfriend’s eyes no longer seemed to contain him.
No man wants his ex-girlfriend to completely remove him from her heart, but…
Yun Chen tightened his grasp on the steering wheel. Since she won Ye Junqing, such an unattainable person, how could she possibly still cling to him?
###Chapter 285: Death by Jealousy_1
Hearing Yun Chen defend Ye Xingguang, Rebecca Perry flew into a rage immediately: “What are you suggesting? Are you still hung up on her? Then let’s divorce and you can go after her. Unfortunately for you, she’s with Ye Junqing now, so why the hell would she look at you?”
“Enough, that’s enough!”
“Not nearly enough. You feeble, good-for-nothing man, why on earth did I ever set my eyes on you? If I hadn’t snatched you from Ye Xingguang, perhaps I could have been the lucky woman who hit the marital jackpot with Ye Junqing. Why on earth did I marry you?”
Sitting in the car, Rebecca burst into tears. Jealousy was making her incredibly miserable!
After all, she was the one who had pushed Ye Xingguang towards the path of fame and glory. How could she bear to see it?
“Ahhhhh!”
Rebecca screamed in exasperation, then broke down in tears in the Audi.
Yun Chen heard Rebecca crying and felt even more annoyed. He didn’t feel like consoling her. All he could think of was that he would never get Ye Xingguang back. He felt that Rebecca could not hold a candle to Ye Xingguang…
Another person who wasn’t having a great night on this Qixi Festival was Xia Yanyan.
Xia Yanyan, enraged, had already thrown her phone away and was now throwing things around in her room, unable to calm herself!
Ye Li rushed over and stood trembling in the corner of the room. She was still scared, because a few nights ago, she had been visited by the President’s men.
Ye Li was scared to death.
“Yanyan, why not just let it go? Ye Junqing has made it clear he’s not into you. Why continue to be hung up on him? Harry Perry, Lawson’s brother, has been courting you recently, hasn’t he? Harry is actually quite a catch. With his brother Lawson and Ye Junqing’s brother both competing for the presidency, they’re evenly matched. You marrying into the Perrys would also be a perfect match.”
Xia Yanyan hurled a crystal ornament from the table towards Ye Li’s feet, “Shut up! Is this about who I should marry? I am Xia Yanyan, a national treasure pampered since childhood. No one dares to compete with me. Even if they do, they’ll only end up bloody. When have I ever been pushed around like this? That little White Lotus not only stole the man I loved, she also took my glory, my ten percent share as well. If I were to swallow this, then I, Xia Yanyan, might as well be dead! I have to use the privilege in my hand to bring Ye Junqing back, otherwise, I swear I won’t rest.”
Ye Li stammered, “But even if you snatch him back, if Lord Qing’s heart is not with you, you will not be happy.”
Xia Yanyan was incensed, “Even if I just keep him at home, I’m not going to spare Ye Xingguang!”
Ye Li had no choice but to persuade her, “Yanyan, consider this, the whole country knows that Lord Qing belongs to Ye Xingguang. If you forcefully use your privilege to snatch him away now, you will only garner infamy and ruin your public image. Why bother?”
Xia Yanyan found Ye Li’s reminder reasonable. She couldn’t let her perfect image be ruined because of that little White Lotus. So, before using her privilege, she would definitely find proof that the little White Lotus had wronged Ye Junqing, and make netizens believe in the true, detestable face of the little White Lotus!
In addition to that, she had a “Silent Expression of Love” in her hand, which proved Ye Junqing’s love for her. As long as she made this “Silent Expression of Love” public, there wouldn’t be any netizens accusing her of stealing someone’s love, they would simply think it was a case of lovers finally being together.noveldrama
###Chapter 286: Lingering Regret_1
This “silent confession of love” was hidden in the Mermaid-themed park. Others didn’t know, but she had noticed it long ago.
And it was because she noticed, she firmly believed that it was her Ye Junqing was interested in, even now that Ye Junqing said he was interested in her sister, Xia Qiongqiong, that meant he liked the Xia family, he should marry into the Xia family. Why should Ye Xingguang, who is a distant relative, take advantage!
Xia Yanyan calmed down, sitting in the chair to steady her fiery temper.
Early the next morning, she applied beautiful makeup, wanting to go out.
But the bodyguard at home stopped her, “Miss, the young master says, you’re not allowed to leave the house these days. The young master says you should stay at home and reflect.”
Like a noble princess, Xia Yanyan looked contemptuously at the bodyguard who dared to stop her, “Reflect on what? He’s helping outsiders bully his own sister, yet he’s telling me to reflect? Where’s my brother?”
“The young master has gone to City T.”
“What’s my brother doing in City T?”
The honest bodyguard replied, “The young master heard that Miss Ye Xingguang’s father is gravely ill, so he went to visit him at People’s Hospital in City T. Before leaving, the young master instructed you to stay home and meditate, nourishing your morality.”
Xia Yanyan almost twisted her high heel, her brother ran to see that little White Lotus’ father, is her brother sick?
Wait a second, People’s Hospital in City T, her brother’s first love is at People’s Hospital in City T, she wonders if he’s going to see that woman?
…
City T.noveldrama
Ye Junqing had to return to the capital due to some matters.
He took her to the hospital, bid goodbye to her parents, and was about to leave City T.
Ye Xingguang escorted him to the hospital entrance, both of them stood in front of the car, looking fondly at each other for a while, reluctant to part.
She looked at him, eyes full of affection, “I want to wait for my dad to be discharged before returning to the capital, remember to help me ask for leave from the big boss, Ji Qishu, otherwise, as just an intern who hasn’t completed three months yet, I’m sure I can’t take so much leave on my own.”
Ye Junqing stood tall in front of her, his palm pressing on her hair regretfully, “Do as you wish. However, take care of your dad, but don’t forget that your own health is also important. Call me if you have any problems, remember, no matter what happens, you must call me first, don’t call other men, or else…”
“Alright, alright, I got it, or else it’ll hurt feelings if we speak it out. You must remember to take care of yourself too, you always have a relapse of your old illness, I temporarily can’t help you, you’ll just have to manage it yourself.”
Ye Junqing felt her concern in her tone, which made him more reluctant to leave her. He held her in his arms, pinching her little nose, “Don’t worry about me, I’ve managed all these years, I haven’t died yet.”
“Don’t mention the word death.” She covered his mouth with her hand.
The more he said he was alright, the more she was worried, and couldn’t help wanting to help him. Actually, she had a solution, she knew how to cure him permanently, it was just…
“Alright, get in.” Otherwise, if they kept lingering, he would be tempted to take her along with him.
But Ye Xingguang just couldn’t move, wanting to be with him even for a second longer, what was wrong with her?
Usually in the capital, they didn’t see each other every day, she wasn’t so reluctant.
The whole scene, seen by Xiao Yun, could be described as a “farewell as if parting for death”.
Looking at the time, Xiao Yun had no choice but to urge from inside the car, “Master Qing, we’re going to be late.”
Although it was a private plane, there was still air traffic control, and they had already set the departure time.
Only then did Ye Junqing get in the car.
After closing the door, Ye Xingguang stood outside the car, watching the car start, she couldn’t help but call out, “Ye Junqing!”
###Chapter 287: Are you the Carp Girl? awsl!_1
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing peeked his head out of the window.
Ye Xingguang was about to speak but hesitated, seeing the car speeding up. She could no longer control her conflicted inner self. Frustrated, she asked, “Does your offer to ‘give it a shot’ still count? I took the selfie but didn’t post it. What the hell do you mean by that?”
After saying that, she wished she could slap herself twice. She had no dignity left! She was probably the first woman in history to pursue a man so openly. She lost all her face at that moment!
She wished she could just run away or find a hole in the ground to crawl into.
Ye Junqing paused, then smiled, a smile so dazzling, it made the world dim in comparison. But he remained silent, holding out his phone and tapping on the screen.
What does that mean?
Before Ye Xingguang could ask more, the car had already left the hospital.
Ye Xingguang stomped her foot, wishing she could beat her embarrassing self with a brick!
She had made herself this vulnerable, and yet that arrogant man just laughed without saying a word. Fuming, Ye Xingguang returned to her ward.
“You sent your suitor away?” Bai Lanwu asked.
Ye Xingguang replied listlessly with a muffled ‘hmm’.
Seeing her low spirits, Bai Lanwu asked, “What’s wrong, missing him already?”
“I don’t miss that arrogant jerk at all,” Ye Xingguang defended herself, even though inside, she wished more than anything he would stay with her for a few more days.
“It’s in my bag.”
“Oh.”
Ye Xingguang found her phone in her mother’s bag, switched it on, intending to check if she had missed any calls. What she found were dozens of missed calls, WeChat messages, Weibo notifications. What had happened?
Had the world come to an end because she hadn’t checked her phone in one day?
She first checked the missed calls. Apart from those from her coworkers and director at the station, they were from her university classmates, even her university advisor had called her. What was going on?
Then she opened WeChat and saw innumerable private messages from her uni mates and work colleagues.
In her university roommates’ chat group, she saw that in the time she had been away from her phone, her four-member chat group had sent over nine hundred messages. What were they talking about?
Ye Xingguang: “Sisters, what are you guys talking about?”
She casually dropped a message in the group, and the group that had been quiet for an hour once again exploded with incoming messages.
“Ahhhh! Xingguang, you finally showed up! Why didn’t you answer my calls, why didn’t you reply to my WeChat? Do you know I was so excited I couldn’t sleep all night? You owe me my beauty sleep!”noveldrama
“I thought that after you became a Phoenix, you’d forget all about us, your uni roommates with whom you used to eat hot pot. Xingguang, come clean right now. Why did you never tell us that you’re the ‘Carp Girl’? OMG!!”
“And why did you stop us from cursing Yun Chen and Rebecca Perry on the school forum after they dumped you? Turns out you’ve hooked up with the top bachelor Diamond King from the ‘committed bachelor’ rankings! What incredible luck hahaha!”
A buzzing sound rang in Ye Xingguang’s head. Was her identity as ‘Carp Girl’ revealed by the media? Who was responsible for this outrageous act?
No wonder her phone had exploded.
Despite the buzzing sound in her head, Ye Xingguang didn’t forget to rebut: “Where did you guys see that? It’s all rumors, pure rumors, none of it is true. When did I ever get that lucky? Don’t believe those rumors.”
###Chapter 288: Falling in Love…_1
“You’re still pretending! Girls, let’s end our roommate relationship with her immediately. This is too much, she offers a friendship cheaper than a plastic flower!”
“Unfriend. Bye bye. I don’t want to talk to you for the next three minutes. Stand tall!”
“I’m thinking about blocking her. As soon as we graduated from college, she became a plastic flower roommate. It’s a pity that during college, I told her all my little secrets. I really don’t know how to judge people.”
Ye Xingguang held her forehead: “What I said is true. Where did you see this? It must be fake.”
“The Weibo was posted by Ye Junqing himself last night, publicly displaying affection. It’s still on top of the trending list. Do you think we, as your roommates, are living in the wilderness, without wifi, unable to get online?”
“Exactly, it’s so heartbreaking! You’re publicly showing off your relationship on Weibo and still claim it’s fake. You’re telling us that the sleeping beauty Ye Junqing is tenderly touching isn’t you? We’ve been roommates for four years, don’t we know what you look like when you’re asleep?”
“Plastic Sisters, bye bye. I have finally seen that our friendship is even worse than a plastic flower. Just now, I posted an article titled ‘The Legendary Life of the Previous College Beauty after Being Dumped by a Jerk’ on the school forum. I’m going to delete it now.”
After opening Ye Junxing’s Weibo app, without checking any direct messages, reposts, or comments, she went directly to the first place on the trending list.
Suddenly, she was confronted by a picture of herself sleeping.
The picture, full of ambiguous connotations, baffled her entirely.
White sheets, black hair, a sweet sleeping face, a red rose beside the pillow, and a man’s hand pushing back her hair. His hands were beautiful, distinctively boned, fair and strong, and the pink diamond on her earlobe was sparkling. It all made people’s hearts flutter.
“Ah ah ah ah——”
When was this picture taken?
While she was sleeping last night?
Ye Junqing actually posted a picture of her sleeping on Weibo, thanked the country, and she wasn’t aware of it?
Why didn’t the big bad tumor mention it to her last night?
Thinking back to her embarrassment when she accused him downstairs, and recalling Ye Junqing pointing at his phone…
Ah ah ah ah…
Ye Xingguang’s face turned so red that it could have been dripping blood.
And her heart was as sweet as honey!
So, was he telling her that he was willing to give it a try?
Ye Xingguang held her burning face, feeling dizzy, it was surreal: “Mom, pinch me.”
Bai Lanwu watched her excited expressions and asked, laughing, “Why should I pinch you?”
Ye Xingguang vigorously rubbed her face, then stretched out her arm: “Please, just pinch me.”
Bai Lanwu knocked her hand away, laughing: “Stop it.”
She wasn’t kidding!
It just felt too unreal!
The feeling of mutual affection was overwhelming!
She couldn’t calm down at all!noveldrama
She sat in the chair, focused on reading the comments from netizens.
The netizens were going crazy. There were all kinds of blessings, envy, and even those who took the opportunity to advertise.
On the way to the airport, Ye Junqing was also browsing Weibo. He mainly read the comments and liked the ones he found enjoyable.
For example:
Netizen love from Xicheng: “Ah ah ah! Isn’t this the Blazing Girl? So the Blazing Girl is actually the Carp Girl! I chose the wrong couple to ship, ah ah ah what do I do, do I have to change?”
—— Ye Junqing: Liked.
Netizen Liuliu Keren: “It’s fake, definitely fake!!!! How could the Blazing Girl be the Carp Girl, what about my Blazing Couple? Do I have to change it to Blazing-Toxic Couple?”
—— Ye Junqing: Liked.
Netizen One glimpse of prosperity: “The Blazing Girl, no, the Carp Girl is trying to win over Big Bad Tumor by saving Big Bad Tumor’s elder brother? Carp Girl is really determined!”
—— Ye Junqing: Liked.
###Chapter 289: Our Daughter is in Love? _1
Internet users favourite An Yin: “@CrapFishGirl@LordNight, look at me, look at me, look at me, I am a hard-core fan, please bless me so that I only get good news from now on. In 2020, I want to meet my own Prince Charming.”
——Lord Night: Like.
Lord Night’s sly move quickly drew the attention of internet users, even Ye Xingguang was online to see his like.
Is this man so idle on his way to the airport?
But she couldn’t help but control her little hand, liking all the comments that the Big Tumor had liked.
The actions of the two were impressively coordinated!
Song Chuanqi, lying in bed, saw his daughter holding her phone and smiled from the corner of his mouth, “Xingguang, what’s making you so happy? Tell dad so that he can be happy too.”
Ye Xingguang quickly put away her phone and hid her smile, shaking her head seriously: “Am I happy?”
Song Chuanqi lay weakly in bed with a smile, his face full of delight and the look of someone in love. Had his illness impaired his vision?
Bai Lanwu also stood by and laughed.
“Is our daughter in love?”
“Dad, Mom, stop teasing me.”
Ye Xingguang was embarrassed.
Luckily Lord Night wasn’t here, otherwise, she was really afraid that he would see her lose composure and be laughed at for a lifetime.
While thinking, suddenly a voice echoed in her ear: “Xingguang.”
Ye Xingguang looked up to see a man with a relaxed posture walking in, holding a basket of fruit and some supplements in hand. The man with an extraordinary aura was none other than—
Ye Xingguang was taken aback for a moment, Big Brother?
Xia Ye Zhao had rushed over from the capital. The bodyguards that followed him all stopped at the hospital room door and didn’t follow him in.
Ye Xingguang didn’t know how to react, put her phone away, and stood up: “Brother Xia, why are you here?”
“I couldn’t find you in the capital. I heard from your colleagues that someone in your family is ill and came to T city, so I rushed here.”
Xia Ye Zhao put the basket of fruit and supplements on the empty table beside him, looked at her with warm eyes, smiled, and then politely greeted Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu: “Are these my uncle and aunt? Uncle, aunt, hello, I am Xia Ye Zhao.”
Having said this, he respectively bowed ninety degrees to Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi.
Such respect, Bai Lanwu couldn’t take it and tried to stop him: “Young man, what’s all this for?”
“Uncle, aunt, please accept my respects.”
He had taken care of his sister for so many years, and they deserved this recognition.
Ye Xingguang stood by, wanting to stop him but didn’t know how, feeling perplexed.
Had her big brother guessed her true identity?
Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu exchanged a look, they understood. The couple knew her origins and she had told them that in her biological parents’ home, only a brother named Xia Ye Zhao was kind to her. It seemed that what she said was true.noveldrama
This young man was quite upright. He gave them such a grand greeting as soon as he entered the door, and they could see he was genuine.
Bai Lanwu picked up the hot water bottle to pour him a cup, but the bottle was empty, “Xingguang, go fill the bottle, and pour a cup of tea for Mr. Xia.”
“Aunt, don’t trouble yourself. I don’t drink tea.”
“How can you not? Xingguang, hurry up.”
Bai Lanwu handed the hot water bottle to Ye Xingguang, “Even if Mr. Xia doesn’t drink, your father needs water as well. Hurry.”
“Mm.” Ye Xingguang headed out.
Just as she reached the door, Xia Ye Zhao followed her, taking the bottle from her hand, “Where do you get water? I’ll go with you.”
###Chapter 290:, I know it’s you, Qiongqiong_1
As they walked down the hallway, his eyes were fixed on her, his mind still filled with the image of his baby sister as a petite little girl. He couldn’t possibly imagine what his once fragile and tiny sister would look like all grown up now.noveldrama
Gazing at Ye Xingguang’s long, soft, and sleek black hair swinging with each step she took, his heart seemed to swing in rhythm with it.
Ye Xingguang knew Xia Ye Zhao was watching her all the while, but she did not meet his gaze. Her mind was in a mess. Her big brother was here all of a sudden, and she was utterly unprepared, let alone knowing how to react.
The two fetched water at the water house.
After the thermal flask was filled with hot water, Ye Xingguang grabbed the wooden stopper and capped the flask. Accidentally, a splash of scalding water hit her hand, and she gasped, giving her palm a quick shake.
“What happened, did you scald yourself?” Xia Ye Zhao immediately grabbed her hand in concern and led her to the sink, turning on the faucet to run cold water over her hand. Every move he made, oozed of his evident care and concern.
Ye Xingguang’s nose tingled, her heart ached and tears almost welled up in her eyes.
As a child, her brother used to care for her like this. The deep-rooted memories emerged all of a sudden.
Her heart warmed.
But when she thought about how her brother had helped Xia Yanyan but not her last time, she felt a surge of rivalry. She retracted her hand, feigning indifference: “Brother Xia, I’m fine.”
“How can you be fine? You used to be most afraid of being scalded!” Xia Ye Zhao’s voice had a trace of annoyance. Annoyance at himself for letting her hurt her hand while standing right in front of her, and even more annoyance at failing to recognize her at first sight.
Xia Ye Zhao could still remember their first meet at the swimming pool where she seemed to be having a dispute with Ye Junqing. She seemed upset, but he didn’t stand up for her. Although he felt a strange sense of familiarity, he couldn’t place that it was due to their sibling bond.
Xia Ye Zhao couldn’t forgive himself. His deep, choked voice whispered, “Qiongqiong…”
Ye Xingguang trembled, “…Brother Xia, who are you calling? My name is Ye Xingguang.”
“I know it’s you, Qiongqiong.”
Xia Ye Zhao’s gaze, cast downward from above, landed on her eyes blurry with mist. He held onto her wrist tightly and wouldn’t let go. “Qiongqiong, big brother knows it’s you, I’m sorry…”
Tears welled up in Ye Xingguang’s eyes. She tried hard to swallow them back, feeling a waves of pain and sourness in her heart. “You’ve really mistaken me for someone else. I’m not Xia Qiongqiong. I’m Ye Xingguang.”
Having said that, she yanked back her arm, picked up the thermal flask and headed towards the door.
As she turned around, she could no longer hold back her tears, which rolled down her cheeks.
She quickly wiped them away. She didn’t want to admit it, didn’t want to be Xia Qiongqiong.
Xia Ye Zhao looked at her stubborn back, taking a step forward, reached out for the thermal flask in her hand and took it over.
She didn’t resist when the flask was seized from her. She didn’t look at him, just kept her eyes fixed on the path ahead, quickening her pace. Coincidentally, a doctor was rolling a patient in a critical condition from one ward to another on a gurney, almost bumping into Ye Xingguang.
Xia Ye Zhao, with his quick reflexes, reached out his long arm to pull her towards him, avoiding the moving gurney and in the process, pulling her into his embrace. He longed to hold her tight, a tender embrace filled with love, signifying their heartwarming reunion after a long separation.
Ye Xingguang was taken aback.
When she was upset as a child, her brother used to console her in this manner, by hugging her in his arms. Following which, she would be exceptionally obedient, silently nestled in her brother’s arms.
###Chapter 291: – Five years of parting, so she was in T city_1 
Xia Ye Zhao refused to let go, holding her tightly in his embrace. It was a hug of reunion after a long separation, and a hug of regaining what was once lost. The feelings of guilt and regret were overwhelming. 
He had spent so many years searching for her but had never found her. He thought she was dead, he really almost believed she was dead… 
“Qiongqiong, I’m sorry. I didn’t protect you, it was me…” 
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t know how to make up for it. As he was speaking, his gaze unintentionally collided with that of a female doctor on a mobile emergency bed. He froze for a moment, his voice abruptly falling silent. 
That face was too familiar… 
In his midnight dreams, she frequently slipped into his dreams. What was she doing here? 
The woman in the white coat, a doctor with an attractive figure, obviously didn’t expect to run into Xia Ye Zhao here either. Their eyes met, showing surprise. noveldrama
The impact of the man with an imposing aura, his side profile as handsome as it was in her memory, didn’t escape the female doctor’s attention. Discovering Xia Ye Zhao embracing a young girl, her eyes seemed pained by the sight and quickly avoided his gaze. 
She reminded herself that treating the patient was her priority. 
In the blink of an eye, she passed by Xia Ye Zhao who was holding Ye Xingguang. To a nurse who rushed over, she said, “Call Dr. Bo, I’ll be waiting for him in the operating room.” 
The nurse nodded and ran towards the doctor’s office. 
Ye Xingguang pulled away from Xia Ye Zhao’s embrace. Looking up, she found that her brother was lost in thoughts. 
His eyes were fixed on the shrinking figure of the female doctor. Although he was still standing in front of her, it seemed as if his soul had followed the doctor. 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help being curious. Who was that female doctor? 
Until the doctor disappeared at the end of the corridor, her brother’s soul hadn’t returned. 
She pursed her lips and didn’t ask. She tried to retrieve the hot water bottle from her brother’s hands, apparently nudging him to follow the doctor. Seeing this, Xia Ye Zhao finally snapped back to reality and didn’t let her take the bottle. 
“Aren’t you going after her?” 
“What?” Xia Ye Zhao was clearly out of sorts. 
“That female doctor, do you know her?” 
How could he not know her? 
However, Xia Ye Zhao’s expression chilled slightly. Three words, blunt: “Don’t know her.” 
Ye Xingguang thought to herself, he’s saying one thing but means another. 
When they passed the nurse’s station, she noticed the wall across the station. On it were profiles of all the doctors in nephrology. She curiously searched for the female doctor. 
After a while, she found her. 
Chang Danran, twenty-seven years old, expert nephrologist, graduated from the top medical university in the country, and even her passport-size photo was beautiful. 
Xia Ye Zhao stood beside her, staring at the woman in the photo, his eyes complex. 
Five years. 
Five years since they last met, it turns out she was in T city. 
Xia Ye Zhao unconsciously clenched the hot water bottle in his hand. Standing in the bustling corridor, his heart felt like it was in a lonely corner where no light could reach, aching in the cold. 
Ye Xingguang looked at her brother’s tight and handsome face, but didn’t persist with her questions. She walked back to the ward. 
Xia Ye Zhao followed her into the ward. Sitting there, he was distracted while he spoke about visiting the patient. It was not until he calmed down from the initial shock that he regained his usual demeanor. Sincerely, he said, “Uncle, Auntie, thank you for saving and raising my little sister. I don’t know how to repay your kindness, thank you.” 
This thanked carried an immense weight to it. 
Song Chuanqi didn’t care for his sentiment: “Young man, what are you talking about? I don’t understand.”
###Chapter 292: It Seems He Has a New Girlfriend_1 
He lay on the hospital bed, his face stern. His daughter once told him herself how she had been abandoned by her parents. Now that her relatives had come to take her away, Song Chuanqi was strictly against it. He asserted that it would be better if his daughter does not acknowledge such parents, otherwise she would only get hurt once more! 
“Qiongqiong is my younger sister.” 
“Who is Qiongqiong? We don’t know her.” 
Xia Ye Zhao gently looked at Ye Xingguang, “She’s your daughter, Xingguang.” 
Song Chuanqi, keeping his face stiff, wanted to know his daughter’s attitude, “Xingguang, is he your brother?” 
Ye Xingguang stood nearby, her lips pressed tightly. She wanted to say yes, but she shook her head. 
She didn’t want to entangle herself with her cruel parents anymore. She didn’t want to be Xia Qiongqiong anymore, nor did she want to be morally kidnapped by those cruel parents in the future. Hence, she also denied being related to her brother. It was enough for her to know that her brother had her in his heart. 
Song Chuanqi said again, “Young man, hear this, my daughter says you’re not her brother.” 
Xia Ye Zhao did not rebut. He knew how aggrieved his younger sister felt after being abandoned by their family. He didn’t expect his sister to acknowledge him right away. Right now, he just wanted to do something to make up for his family’s shortcomings towards her. 
Xia Ye Zhao stopped talking. Seeing that the urine bag by the bed was almost full, he voluntarily took it to go empty it. 
Seeing this, Bai Lanwu quickly said, “Leave it, leave it, I’ll do it.” 
“It’s fine.” 
Xia Ye Zhao said, “Compared to your lifesaving and nurturing kindness towards my sister, anything I do is insignificant. Please let me do it as a way of showing filial piety on behalf of my younger sister.” 
Bai Lanwu was helpless. He turned to look at his daughter. Ye Xingguang was emotionally confused and didn’t know how to respond, so she just stood by, not interfering. 
After a surgical procedure, Chang Danran came out of the operating room and went to wash her hands at the wash basin. 
Standing by her side and squeezing some hand wash into his palm, Bo Jingyu asked while washing his hands, “Was there something wrong with you during surgery today? Are you feeling unwell?” 
Chang Danran was a little embarrassed by the blunt inquiry about her condition. She insisted, “There were no mistakes during the surgery.” 
Bo Jingyu said, “Yes, there were no mistakes, but you can’t fool me. What happened?” 
Chang Danran had her hands under the tap, letting the cool water wash away the disinfectant from her hands. She forced a smile, even after all these years, she realized she still couldn’t face it calmly. She was very conscious of how off she felt and how every blood vessel in her hand was on edge. After a long silence, she said, “I saw Xia Ye Zhao.” 
Indeed, it was easy to see Xia Ye Zhao if one wanted to – just watch the financial news. He was a famous figure in the financial news, but viewing from afar was totally different from seeing up close. The calm surface of the lake was disturbed with waves that couldn’t settle down. 
“I realized, I still can’t accept that he’s just a stranger now. Jingyu, am I really useless?” noveldrama
Chang Danran’s voice was anything but indifferent. 
Bo Jingyu handed her a towel to dry her hands: “Where did you see him?” 
“Right in Nephrology, it seems like he has a new girlfriend.” 
He was not an impulsive person, extremely restrained in public. If he could let go of that restraint in the hospital and hug a girl. Chang Danran thought, that girl must hold a special place in his heart. 
Thinking about it, she felt a sense of unexplainable loss.
###Chapter 293: My feelings, not much better than hers_1
She mocked herself. It has been five years. Shouldn’t it be utterly normal for him to have a girlfriend by now?
Bo Jingyu patted her on the shoulder, “Don’t overthink it. How about I help you get some time off, go rest for half a day? You should recalibrate. In your current state, you’re no fit to treat patients.”
“I adhere to professional ethics and won’t allow my personal affairs to affect my work,” Chang Danran resolved.
Bo Jingyu chuckled. Could he really trust her?
Checking the time, Bo Jingyu said, “Alright then, I have a patient on my hands. His situation is gradually stabilizing. You’ll supervise his care for me hereafter. Update me promptly should anything arise.”
Bo Jingyu was a special appointment consultant at the city hospital. He didn’t have regular office hours and only dropped by when required. Currently, he planned to return to his research institute to continue his artificial kidney project.
Chang Danran nodded, “Your long-time patient, Mr. Song? What’s going on with his condition? You mentioned earlier that he was not going to make it, but now it seems there is a sudden turnaround and he’s recovering? Did you misdiagnose him? If the patient files a complaint, it could damage your reputation.”
Bo Jingyu was baffled, “I’m not sure either. As long as the patient has walked back from death’s doorstep, even a complaint would be worth it. Get yourself together, and come with me to the patient’s room.”
Chang Danran gave an affirmative sound. It took her some time to realign herself back to work mode, then she followed Bo Jingyu into Song Chuanqi’s room.
Much to her surprise, immediately upon entering the room, she saw Xia Ye Zhao sitting beside the patient’s bed.
Chang Danran: “…”
Xia Ye Zhao: “…”
Bo Jingyu also noticed Xia Ye Zhao. Looking at Chang Danran, who had just barely gotten back into work mode, one could only say that fact is stranger than fiction.
After Bo Jingyu ran through the usual examination with Song Chuanqi, he introduced Chang Danran, “Mr. Song, this is my junior colleague Chang Danran. I have to head back to the institute. If you feel any discomfort, have Miss Ye go to the office and find Dr. Chang.”
Song Chuanqi nodded, “I put you through a lot these past few days, Dr. Bo.”
“It was nothing, really. Just doing my job. That’s all for now. Danran, take good care of him, and make sure you concentrate when you are working. Caring for the patient is your priority.” Bo Jingyu patted Chang Danran on the shoulder, his seemingly casual words pregnant with unspoken meaning.noveldrama
After Bo Jingyu had left, Chang Danran was in a daze. She was at a loss as to how she had managed to complete the transfer. Her head was buzzing. Finally, she managed to say, “Mr. Song, please rest. If there are any issues, have your family contact me directly at the office.”
Then, she turned around and quickly walked out of the room.
Xia Ye Zhao’s feelings weren’t much better. He sat silently by the bedside. Only after Chang Danran left the room did he rise and follow her out.
Ye Xingguang saw her brother’s restless state and pursed her lips. But when her brother finally left the room, she heaved out a sigh of relief. After all, she hadn’t the faintest idea how to continue to cope with the tense atmosphere in the room.
Bai Lanwu hugged her shoulder, “Xingguang, what are you thinking about?”
“Mum, I don’t know…”
Bai Lanwu sighed and tenderly stroked her head, “Regardless, your father and I will respect your decision.”
Ye Xingguang’s eyes widened before finally declaring, “Mom, in my heart, I only have one mother and one father. I’m only your daughter. I won’t acknowledge anyone else. Those who abandon me, I won’t go groveling to.”
###Chapter 294: Mama……_1
Bai Lanwu nodded, looking at her with heartache, “Just make sure you think it through, your father and I have no other opinions. Just remember, don’t do anything that will hurt yourself, we will always be your strong support.”
Ye Xingguang, with tears in her eyes, couldn’t help but act coquettish. She leaned her head against Bai Lanwu’s chest, “Mom, I know, I won’t let anyone hurt me again. Don’t worry, I know who treats me well.”
Doctor’s office.
Chang Danran returned to her desk in a daze.
The sky outside the window dimmed as if it was about to rain. The low barometric pressure before the storm made her feel suffocated.
She picked up the cup on her desk, unscrewed the lid to drink water, only to find that the cup was empty. Just as she was about to get up and refill it, she saw Xia Ye Zhao walk in.
Chang Danran stiffened, quickly sitting back down.
She casually picked up the mouse, staring at the computer screen, bringing up a patient’s medical record. But she couldn’t take in any of the words on the screen.
Xia Ye Zhao slowly walked to her front, his tall figure standing next to her. Chang Danran appeared not to see him, her gaze fixated on the computer screen. After a long while, Xia Ye Zhao broke the silence, “Long time no see.”
“Sorry, I am working. Non-medical related matters, please wait until I finish my shift.”
Xia Ye Zhao frowned, looking somewhat helpless. He pulled out a stool and sat down, “I wanted to discuss the patient’s condition with you.”
“Did you register? I need to see the registration slip.”
“I’m inquiring about the patient in the 19th bed, there’s no need for a new registration.”
Chang Danran flared up, “I won’t disclose patient information to non-relatives.”
Xia Ye Zhao pondered, “I am a relative.”
A sense of gloom flashed in Chang Danran’s heart. She suddenly turned to him, “Really? As far as I know, Mr. Song only has a daughter, and no son. What kind of relative are you?”
Xia Ye Zhao, the adoptive father of his younger sister, felt an immense gratitude towards him that weighed as much as Mount Tai. From his heart, the gratitude was equivalent to a father’s love. He wanted to understand Mr. Song’s condition, to repay the kindness of raising his sister.
Therefore, Xia Ye Zhao said, “I’m like half a son. Can I ask about his condition now?”
Half a son…
That means son-in-law?
Chang Danran’s hand, holding the mouse, unconsciously tightened. She forced a smile, “Wait a moment, let me pull up Mr. Song’s file. You can ask anything you want to know.”
However, while typing the three Chinese characters for Song Chuanqi on the keyboard, she made several mistakes. It was as if the keyboard, which she usually used with great ease, deliberately opposed her today and always mistyped the pinyin.
At this moment, a nurse walked in, “Dr. Chang, the patient in bed no.56 condition has changed, can you please come and have a look?”
Upon hearing this, Chang Danran felt as if she had been granted redemption. She immediately replied, “Alright.”noveldrama
She stood up, as though fleeing. “I’m sorry, you wait here, I must check a patient’s condition right now.”
“You go ahead, I’m not in a hurry.”
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t even stand up, after her departure, he sat in her place, calming his mind.
At this moment, Chang Danran’s mobile phone, left on the office desk, suddenly rang. Xia Ye Zhao glanced at it. The incoming caller’s nickname was “Baby”.
These two words struck Xia Ye Zhao’s eyes.
He picked up the mobile, swiped the answer button, and put the phone to his ear. He didn’t immediately say anything, but a childish voice came from the other end of the line, “Mommy.”
###Chapter 295: Who is your daddy? _1
Xia Ye Zhao’s heart jumped, “Who are you looking for?”
The small voice on the phone was both sweet and cool, “Who is this ‘uncle’? I’m looking for my mom.”
Xia Ye Zhao’s heart seemed to stop for a moment, “What’s your mother’s name?”
“Chang Danran.”
These four words felt like a knife, stabbing directly into Xia Ye Zhao’s unsuspecting heart.
When…when did she have a son?
Xia Ye Zhao’s hand gripping his phone turned white, his tone unconsciously hardened, “Who’s your father?”
“Bo Jingyu.”
Xia Ye Zhao’s face turned incredibly dark. Bo Jingyu, the doctor who treated his sister’s foster father?
Were they married?
The voice on the phone was a little boy’s, scarily smart, “Uncle, did you steal my mom’s phone? I put a tracker and a virus in my mom’s phone. If you don’t return the phone, it will explode!!!”
A twitch tugged at Xia Ye Zhao’s mouth, “Your mom went to the ward for a consultation.”
“Oh, you saved yourself, uncle. Bye!”
The little boy just hung up the phone.
Chang Danran stayed in the ward for a while, preparing herself mentally before returning to the doctor’s office. Xia Ye Zhao was nowhere to be seen. She paused slightly in surprise, not sure if she felt relieved or lost.
In her mind, all she could think of was Xia Ye Zhao’s words: “Half a son…”
It had started to rain next to the hospital, a torrential downpour, mirroring some people’s moods.
Xia Ye Zhao stood by the window in the ward, staring at the heavy rain outside, for some reason, he felt as if he had lost everything.
Ye Xingguang looked at the rain outside the window, not daring to go downstairs to buy lunch.
Bai Lanwu picked up an umbrella, “You stay here and take care of your father. I’ll buy lunch. Mr. Xia, what would you like to have for lunch?”
Xia Ye Zhao drew his eyes from the window, turned around and said, “Auntie, let me fetch it. What would you all like to eat?”
Seeing the heavy rain, Ye Xingguang didn’t bother being polite. She ordered a few things for lunch, told Xia Ye Zhao where to buy it, and then took the umbrella from her mother’s hand and handed it to him.
Xia Ye Zhao walked out with the umbrella. When he reached the elevator, it was just about to close, so he hurried over.
Chang Danran was standing in the elevator, hearing footsteps, she instinctively held down the elevator button. But when the footsteps got closer, so close that a tall man entered the elevator, she instantly regretted it.
As soon as Xia Ye Zhao stepped in and saw Chang Danran, his eyes dimmed.
Neither of them said anything, silently standing in the elevator waiting for the doors to close. But with only the two of them in the elevator, even their breaths fell into rhythm, leaving a profound and unforgettable memory, just like five years ago.
The nephrology department was on the fifth floor, and the elevator moved exceptionally slow from the fifth to the first floor.
When the elevator stopped at the third floor, a number of people got on. Both of them had to move back and ended up being squeezed next to each other.noveldrama
Chang Danran was heading downstairs for lunch, so she had removed her white coat; wearing less clothing in the summer, their arms were almost touching, skin-to-skin. A rush of old memories came flooding back.
She moved her arm to maintain some distance, an intentional move that Xia Ye Zhao caught sight of. He said nothing, but his heart ached as if it were raining cats and dogs.
When the elevator reached the second floor, another group of people entered. A girl standing in front of Chang Danran didn’t watch her step and almost stepped on Chang Danran’s foot, but Xia Ye Zhao was quick to react. He shifted to the side, one hand against the elevator wall, preventing the girl from stepping backward.
###Chapter 296: Why Would She Ask Such a Question? _1
The girl bumped into something, she turned back and saw a couple, the man’s arm propped against the elevator wall to prevent her from retreating. More accurately, it was about a girl standing in a corner of the elevator, pinned between the elevator wall and the man’s chest. The distance was too ambiguous, causing her to mistakenly say, “Excuse me, I almost stepped on your girlfriend. It’s really crowded.”
“Never mind.” Xia Ye Zhao threw out two words.
But the term “girlfriend” rattled both Xia Ye Zhao and Chang Danran simultaneously.
Xia Ye Zhao lowered his head, staring at his former girlfriend, unable to calm the throbbing in his heart.
She was simply wearing an unremarkable white short-sleeved shirt, her soft hair casually draped behind her, her bare face was more beautiful than any he remembered; it was truly mesmerizing.
Chang Danran felt a hot gaze on her face, much to her discomfort.
She wanted to push away Xia Ye Zhao, their proximity already far beyond comfortable, but the hospital’s elevator was always too crowded.
They finally reached the first floor. The people in front got out too slowly; every second was torture.
When everyone was finally gone, the man’s arm was still blocking her way. She was unable to move forward or retreat. She raised her eyes, glanced at Xia Ye Zhao, and asked, “Could you please move?”
Reluctantly, Xia Ye Zhao moved his arm.
Chang Danran quickly fled the elevator, the longer she stayed, the worse it would be.
But as soon as she was out, a man from behind grabbed her wrist. She flinched, “Mr. Xia, what are you doing?”
Being addressed as Mr. Xia stung Xia Ye Zhao. When did they become so distant?
Xia Ye Zhao suppressed the twinge in his heart, keeping his face impassive, he asked, “Could you tell me where I could get lunch? I am not familiar with the place.”
Chang Danran looked out at the stormy weather, took a deep breath, and said, “You could get food from the hospital cafeteria if you don’t mind the simplicity. If you want a better meal, there are eateries outside but they don’t taste great either.”
“Could you take me to the cafeteria?”
Chang Danran pulled back her hand: “Follow me.”
The hospital cafeteria was bustling with people in line.
There were three lunch options. One for 10 yuan, another for 15 yuan, and the last for 20 yuan, which was quite reasonable.
Nodding to the lunch lady, Xia Ye Zhao purchased three meals for 20 yuan each, one of which he instructed, “Don’t include fish and coriander in this one, remove the coriander please.”
Chang Danran instinctively asked, “Don’t you eat fish?”
But the moment the words left her lips, she regretted it. Xia Ye Zhao might eat fish, but it doesn’t mean his girlfriend would. Wondering why she would ask such a question, she quickly picked up her tray and walked away.
Xia Ye Zhao watched her go, sitting with her colleagues and chatting while eating. His feelings were heavy.
When the lunch lady finished packing his meals, he thought for a while and then left.
Watching his retreating figure, Chang Danran felt a change of mood. A moment ago she was laughing with her colleagues, now she sat quietly, not tasting her food.
Meanwhile, her colleagues were discussing something.
“Danran, the patient Dr. Bo was attending to, her daughter is Ye Xingguang, right?”noveldrama
“Danran, what’re you thinking? We’re asking you something.”
###Chapter 297: Brother Won’t Throw You Into The Rain_1
Someone nudged Chang Danran, and she looked up: “What?”
“The patient in bed 19, isn’t his daughter named Ye Xingguang? I’ve seen her once in the nephrology department and she looks a bit like the girl in the photos. She’s the same girl from the wildfire incident, right? The Koi Girl?”
“What wildfire? Koi Girl?”
Chang Danran didn’t use Weibo or pay much attention to such gossip. Her shift work kept her so busy that she barely managed. When she returned home each day, she took care of her son, barely having the energy to sleep.
“You don’t know about this? Do you actually live in the city or someplace deep in the mountains without wifi? I heard that several nephrology experts from the capital have been invited by the dean for a meal. She’s truly favored. Why couldn’t my local match be this good? My husband is a workaholic who lacks any romantic charm. He was working even on Qixi Night. Unlike that Miss Ye’s partner, who was flaunting their happiness on Weibo on Qixi night and is now the number one trending topic.”
“Well, as they say, some people just have it better than others. That patient in bed 19 had already received a critical condition notice before. The experts all said there was no hope. However, I saw her super-rich partner comforting her in the corridor. It was late at night and I happened to be working the graveyard shift. Everyone could see how deep his love for her was.”
Hearing her colleagues’ discussions, Chang Danran lost her appetite even more.
As anyone would, she assumed the patient’s billionaire partner mentioned by her colleagues was Xia Ye Zhao.
“You guys continue. I’m full.” Chang Danran didn’t want to hear any more.
“You just ate a few bites. Are you full already? Are you on a diet? Does Doctor Bo think you’re too fat?”
Chang Danran smiled: “My son thinks I’m too fat.”
With that, she left.
After leaving the hospital cafeteria, she walked aimlessly in the rain, holding an umbrella, thinking only of her sweet memories with Xia Ye Zhao.
She didn’t think that after five years, all she could remember were the good times. The clearer her memories, the more her heart ached.
…
At that moment,
Ye Xingguang suddenly arrived. She borrowed a pair of rain boots from the nurses’ station and ran into Xia Ye Zhao as soon as she got downstairs.
Xia Ye Zhao furrowed his brows, “Where are you going in such heavy rain?”
“I’m going to the store outside to buy something.” Ye Xingguang was about to walk into the rain holding her umbrella.
Xia Ye Zhao stopped her: “What do you need to buy? I can get it for you. Just bring the food upstairs.”
Buying other things was fine, but for this particular item, Ye Xingguang couldn’t ask him. She insisted on buying it herself.
Xia Ye Zhao couldn’t persuade her, so he bent down in front of her: “Get on, I’ll give you a piggyback ride.”
“That’s not necessary.” She wasn’t sure how to handle her brother’s enthusiasm.
But Xia Ye Zhao didn’t give her a chance to refuse. He grabbed her arm and hoisted her onto his back.
“Really, there’s no need. I can manage. And, I’m not Xia Qiongqiong.”
“I have my own judgment on that. Otherwise, I’ll remove your shoes now and drop you in the rain to prove it.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was instantly scared.
What if her brother, to verify her identity, really threw her into the water…
As she lay on Xia Ye Zhao’s back, Ye Xingguang stopped struggling.
Once Xia Ye Zhao felt her settled down, he reassured her: “I won’t toss you into the rain.”
He knew how much his sister hated having people see her tail because it didn’t look good. He understood girls liked to look pretty and didn’t want to actually scare her.
###Chapter 298: Carrying her on my back, you don’t need to worry_1noveldrama
Ye Xingguang’s heart warmed up, but he didn’t say anything.
All the way, Xia Ye Zhao kept talking, “Do you remember when we were kids, I used to carry you on my back, you were as light as a feather…”
Ye Xingguang bit her lips. She was not heavy now either.
“Every time I came home from school, you were always standing at the door, eagerly waiting for me.”
At that time, everyone in our family disliked me. Only you were kind to me. Of course, I would stand at the door waiting for you to come back. Ye Xingguang’s heart was sour.
“Big brother still remembers…”
“Big brother Xia, stop talking. I don’t have any impression of what you’re talking about.”
Even if she did, she wouldn’t want to recall it. Because, for big brother, it was a wonderful memory, but for her, it was not necessarily so. Big brother didn’t understand that behind her dependence on him, was the indifference of the other three family members towards her.
If she didn’t feel any other familial love at home, how could she possibly stand at the front door eagerly waiting for big brother to come home from school every day?
Xia Ye Zhao tugged at the corner of his mouth and after a while, uttered three words: “I’m sorry.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t say a word, quietly allowing her big brother to carry her to the shop outside.
Big brother didn’t owe her anything. Even if big brother protected Xia Yanyan last time, she wouldn’t possibly be angry with him…
At that moment, the phone in her pocket rang. She glanced at it; it was her big trouble.
The depression in Ye Xingguang’s heart seemed to be forcefully dispersed by this call. She answered and her heart pounded: “Hello?”
Ye Junqing had just arrived at the imperial capital. He was sitting in the car on his way back to the group. He wanted to ask her if she had checked her phone, but he heard the sound of heavy rain and couldn’t help but furrow his eyebrows: “Is it raining?”
“Yes, have you arrived at the imperial capital?”
Thinking of the embarrassing question she asked him at the hospital entrance in the morning, her voice became a bit embarrassed. She wondered if he had laughed at her later?
But the picture he posted on Weibo pleased her embarrassment.
“Just arrived.”
Ye Junqing heard the unusual sound of the rain. It was too close. His eyes deepened: “Where are you?”
“I’m going to buy something outside the hospital.”
“What are you buying? Ask the bodyguard to go buy it. It’s raining; why are you running around? Don’t you dislike going out when it’s raining?”
How could she ask the bodyguard to buy that kind of thing? Ye Xingguang said: “It’s okay, I’m wearing rain boots.”
Xia Ye Zhao vaguely heard Ye Junqing’s voice and said without looking back: “Don’t worry, I’m carrying her. She won’t get wet.”
Ye Junqing hearing Xia Ye Zhao’s voice over the phone: “…”
“Who was talking just now?”
Fearing that Ye Junqing would misunderstand, Ye Xingguang pretended: “Nobody, maybe it was a passerby.”
“Xia Ye Zhao!” Ye Junqing only thought for a second and blurt out three words, his voice as cold as ice.
Ye Xingguang had goosebumps. Would her big trouble misunderstand again?
“It’s me.” Xia Ye Zhao replied.
Ye Xingguang dreaded to think about how big trouble would react if he knew she was being carried by another man. She was about to explain when she heard the cold voice of big trouble from the phone again: “Put me on speaker.”
Ye Xingguang’s heart pounded. She instantly hung up the phone. Speaker? Was she going crazy?
Big trouble didn’t know that Xia Ye Zhao was her big brother, if he got jealous for no reason, it wouldn’t just be raining in the sky, but snowing as well.
But as soon as she hung up, the phone in Xia Ye Zhao’s pocket rang. He couldn’t answer the phone conveniently, so he directly switched to speaker, and said to Ye Junqing through the phone: “I’m carrying her, you don’t need to worry.”
###Chapter 299: Xia Ye Zhao, you stay away from her!_1
If it weren’t for the etiquette instilled in him as a noble from a young age, which prohibited him from using foul language, Ye Junqing might have cursed like Tang Zhou: What peace of mind are you talking about?!
Only I can carry my woman, not any other men, including my elder brother-in-law!noveldrama
“Xia Ye Zhao, stay away from her!”
But Xia Ye Zhao was aggrieved. Ye Junqing knew that she is Qiongqiong, knew that Qiongqiong was an obstacle in his heart, but Ye Junqing never told him that she is Qiongqiong, so he didn’t want to give Ye Junqing face at all.
He flatly refused, “Unfortunately, I cannot comply.”
After saying this, he directly hung up the phone. He wasn’t someone without temper after all.
If he can’t see his own little sister because Ye Junqing said so, then what was the point of him, Xia Ye Zhao, living?
Ye Xingguang: “…”
I’m going to be killed by my brother!
The big tumor [slang for a horrible person] must think she was cheating on him.
At the small convenience store outside, Ye Xingguang immediately returned Ye Junqing’s call, hurriedly explaining, “Don’t get me wrong. Xia Ye Zhao and I aren’t what you think. He came to visit my father because my father saved his sister. He only carried me into the shop because I said I was afraid of water. Please don’t misunderstand.”
The corner of the man’s mouth twitched, his brother-in-law is carrying little fish tail [pet name for Ye Xingguang], what does he have to worry about?
He was just unsatisfied.
But the little fish tail seemed so nervous; was she afraid that he’d be jealous?
Finally improving, Ye Junqing snorted, “Just this once. What are you buying? Sanitary pads?”
Correctly busted by the big tumor, Ye Xingguang almost wanted to drill a hole in the ground to hide, “How…how did you know?”
Today was supposed to be her day, and she insisted on buying it herself in the rainy weather. What else could she be buying?
Even with his eyes closed, Ye Junqing could guess what she bought.
“Don’t stay up late these few days. Let the bodyguard stay with your dad at night, you go to sleep in the hotel honestly. Call me every night using the hotel’s landline.” Ye Junqing wanted to supervise her.
“But my dad…”
Before Ye Xingguang could finish her sentence, Ye Junqing interrupted her strongly, “Let Xia Ye Zhao stay up at night!”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Why is he asking my older brother to stay up? Ye Junqing doesn’t know Xia Ye Zhao is my older brother, isn’t he afraid of being cheated on?
“I’ll make a phone call to explain!”
After saying this, Ye Junqing hung up. Immediately after, Xia Ye Zhao, who had been standing at the store entrance waiting, received a call from Ye Junqing.
Through the phone, Ye Junqing’s low and magnetic voice sounded like a worried mother, “My woman is on her period, you need to supervise her. She has to go back to the hotel to sleep every night, she can’t stay up all night with her father. Her father’s condition has stabilized. Being filial doesn’t mean she has to stay up all night. If she catches cold during her period, you’re the one to blame!”
Xia Ye Zhao suddenly understood why my little sister insisted on going in to buy things herself, turns out she was shy.
He laughed, “Understood.”
“Also, she likes to eat seafood during her period, but she doesn’t eat sea cucumbers and flounder. Don’t buy them for her. She’s allergic to sea cucumbers.”
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t expect that Ye Junqing, who had only lived with his sister for over a month, knew more than he did. Feeling jealous, he also began to resent Ye Junqing’s failure to share, his voice became cooler, “Understood!”
But Ye Junqing wasn’t done: “Also, she’s had a lot of ice cream this month. Buy some painkillers from the pharmacy just in case, don’t tell me that nonsense about girls will become dependent if they take pills during that time. Oh right, VV painkillers are most effective for her. If you can’t get it at the pharmacy, get it at the hospital. They usually have it.”
###Chapter 300: Let the baby guard the empty room!_1
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t want to hear it anymore, how could Ye Jun Qing know so much about her life? As a big brother, he couldn’t bear it, because he himself was clueless. Xia Ye Zhao’s tone was bad, his voice especially heavy: “I got it!”
“Also…”
“Beep beep.”
Xia Ye Zhao hung up the call directly, not wanting to listen any further, out of jealousy.
But for his younger sister’s sake, he couldn’t ignore Ye Jun Qing’s “also”. He opened WeChat, found Ye Jun Qing, and sent him a message: “Tell me over WeChat.”
Xia Ye Zhao thought his ears were finally at peace, but little did he know, Ye Jun Qing sent him more than a dozen voice messages one after another.
Each voice message ended because it surpassed 60 seconds, so he had to stop and start another one to continue reminding him of things to note.
After listening, Xia Ye Zhao felt terrible.
He suddenly realized that he knew nothing about his little sister, while Ye Jun Qing seemed to know her so well it was as if the knowledge had seeped into his bones.
This didn’t make sense!
Ye Xingguang had no idea that while she was out buying daily necessities, the second round of confrontation between Ye Jun Qing and Xia Ye Zhao had already come to a victorious end.
That night, Xia Ye Zhao did not order dinner at the cafeteria. Instead, he ordered a seafood feast to be delivered to the sick room, to help Ye Xingguang replenish her energy.
He was unable to find the VV brand painkiller mentioned by Ye Jun Qing at the pharmacy, felt embarrassed to specifically inquire about gynecology, after much deliberation, he entered the nephro-internal office once again.
Chang Danran was video calling with her son. A childish voice came from the phone: “Mommy, I’ve finished my homework.”
When speaking to her son, Chang Danran was very gentle: “Mommy has to work the night shift today, so she can’t come home to be with you. You need to be good and listen to grandma.”noveldrama
“Oh, I’m always good, always alone at home.”
The boy’s voice was filled with resentment.
Chang Danran’s eyes twitched slightly. Who had taught him the term ‘staying alone at home’? It was totally inappropriate.
“Mommy, I’m feeling a little unwell again. But I’ll be strong, so you don’t have to worry.”
His voice was strong yet eager for love.
Chang Danran’s heart jumped, “What’s wrong?”
Could it be a relapse of his old illness?
The little boy’s voice became more heart-wrenching, filled with stubbornness: “Mommy, I don’t want to take medicine anymore.”
“Mommy is coming home right now.”
“No, mommy, I might bite you. Just let me stay alone at home!!!”
Chang Danran couldn’t keep still any longer. She quickly ended the call and asked her colleague who was preparing to go off duty to cover for her. Right as her colleague agreed, she noticed Xia Ye Zhao standing behind her at who knows what point.
Chang Danran was taken aback momentarily, then recovered her cold demeanor: “Are you here to inquire about the condition of the patient in bed 19?”
During the day, he had come to her for information about his future father-in-law’s patient. She had fled at the time, and now, here he was again?
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t answer but instead asked, his voice tinged with melancholy: “Can’t believe you even have a son now after not seeing each other for five years.”
Chang Danran didn’t know how long Xia Ye Zhao had been standing behind her or how much he had overheard, but his chilling voice made her heart skip a beat.
Her voice carried a complex tone: “With the current aging population, it would be abnormal for someone my age not to have a child. Do you think everyone can afford the single tax that amounts to ten thousand a month like you?”
Xia Ye Zhao’s eyes were deep and dark, “So, you married Bo Jingyu?”
###Chapter 301: If It Wasn’t for Her, I Wouldn’t Look for You…_1
Chang Danran startled, how did he know? But on second thought, with Xia Ye Zhao’s power, it would be easy for him to investigate her.
Chang Danran felt a deep sadness. She averted her gaze and remained silent, unwilling to meet the man’s questioning eyes.
“Why won’t you say something?” Xia Ye Zhao glared at her.
Chang Danran managed a bitter smile, forcing herself to remain calm. She brushed her long hair back and retorted sarcastically, “Are you still hung up on me? Five years later and you haven’t moved on? That doesn’t sound like the Xia Ye Zhao I know.”
His mood faltered at her words. “Chang Danran, don’t be too full of yourself!”
So, has he forgotten her?
Despite feeling discouraged, Chang Danran tried to appear nonchalant and stood her ground, “So, what nothing to do with you whether I’m getting married or not.”
Xia Ye Zhao was so furious he almost choked her, “Did you break up with me to marry Bo Jingyu?”
“That’s none of your business. Do you want to know about the patient on bed number 19? Didn’t they bring several top specialists from the capital? You should ask them. They know more than I do!”
Chang Danran was now in a terrible mood. For five years, her son had been her priority. Yet she couldn’t cure his illness.
She wanted to go to the changing room to change into her normal clothes, but as she took a step forward, Xia Ye Zhao grabbed her wrist, “I need you now.”
“I’ve told you, as a doctor, regarding the condition of the patient in bed 19, I may not know as much as those top specialists.You should ask them instead of me. I’m merely giving you the best advice I can,” she suggested.
Was she giving him advice, or just didn’t want to converse with him?
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t want to delve deeper, “I just want to get a box of VV painkillers.”
Chang Danran paused, “Does Mr. Song need painkillers? His IV drip already contains painkillers.”
“It’s not for him, it’s for Starlight.”
“Miss Ye? What’s wrong with her?”
Xia Ye Zhao’s tone was unconsciously gentle and indulgent, and there was worry, “She is having her period, I’m afraid she might feel uncomfortable. I want to have a box of medicine for her, give me a box of VV painkillers. This medicine isn’t sold in pharmacies, it’s only available in hospitals.”
“So, she isn’t ill at all? If she isn’t sick then I’m not allowed to give her medication casually.”noveldrama
Xia Ye Zhao was oblivious to her disappointment, “It’s better to be safe than sorry. What if she feels uncomfortable alone in a hotel at night and there’s nowhere to buy medicine. If it was available in pharmacies, I wouldn’t have come to you.”
Chang Danran’s mood turned somber. Did his words mean: If it weren’t for her, he wouldn’t have come to see you…
It seems that her state of mind hasn’t been well throughout the day. She was just wishful thinking and disgracing herself.
Chang Danran forced herself to hold it together, her response stiff, “Fine.”
Right now, all she wanted to do was give him the medication and then leave.
That night, it rained incessantly and never stopped.
Chang Danran rushed home as soon as she could, to their three-bedroom apartment where she stays with her son, Bo Jingyu stays in one, and her mother in the other. However, Bo Jingyu seldom came home due to his research work.
As soon as Chang Danran stepped inside the apartment, she put her bag down and asked her mother, who just came out of the living room, “Mom, did Xiaoman have another attack?”
Her mother, feeling sorry for her grandson, pointed to the closed door to the children’s room. “He locked himself in and wouldn’t let me in. He keeps saying that he can manage on his own. What can such a young child handle? Take this bowl of medicine to him. He’ll be fine once he drinks it.”
###Chapter 302: Is Big Brother Trying to Deliberately Make Her Soft-hearted? _1
“I’ll go in and check first.”
Chang Danran changed her slippers and knocked at the door of the child’s room.
“Xiaoman, open the door, mom’s home.”
Xiaoman felt so uncomfortable, rolling around on the child’s bed, yearning to roll into her mother’s arms. But Xiaoman wouldn’t open the door.
The little one felt so wronged because today at the kindergarten, a kid called him a monster and said he came to school every day with a bag of blood.
The little one felt so aggrieved. He wasn’t a monster. He didn’t want to take the medicine anymore.
Chang Danran comforted Xiaoman from outside his room for a long time, but Xiaoman would rather curl up under the blanket shivering than open the door, eventually opting to cover his ears.
Chang Danran, the mother, was heartbroken and sat crying in the living room.
“My poor grandson, what sins has he committed? He used to take his medicine obediently, why won’t he now?”
Although that medicine…
Staring at the blood on the table that she bought from the blood bank, she wiped away her bitter tears – such a sin!
“You both are doctors, Jingyu is also a doctor. How can two doctors fail to cure their son’s illness? How are you parenting Xiaoman?”
Chang Danran blamed herself, but to no avail.
Xiaoman had been plagued by misfortunes since he was little. Not long after he was born, he nearly died. Even though he was saved, he mysteriously developed this peculiar illness where he craves blood. With their medical expertise and connections in the medical community, they still couldn’t find the cause or a cure.
Fortunately, it’s just craving for blood. So they bought blood for him to drink. It didn’t harm his health or intelligence.
In fact, Xiaoman was very intelligent. The things he liked were beyond her comprehension, and sometimes he even outsmarted her.
Jingyu said that having Xiaoman was her blessing. Chang Danran also felt that Xiaoman was her life, a little blessing gifted to her by heaven.
…
After dinner, Ye Xingguang stayed in the hospital room until after eight, before being sent to a hotel to sleep by her parents.noveldrama
She did feel unwell, so she did not push herself.
There were bodyguards left by Ye Junqing at the place, and her eldest brother, who insisted on staying in the hospital to take care of her. She picked up her handbag.
“Dad, Mom, I’m leaving.”
“Go ahead.”
Song Chuanqi waved at her dismissively from the bed.
Xia Ye Zhao followed her out, under the pouring rain outside. Ye Xingguang had returned her rain boots to the nurse’s station. He was worried about letting her go to the hotel in this state.
Without her feet touching the ground, he carried her from the entrance of the hospital building straight to the hospital car park, into the car.
When the car arrived at the hotel entrance, Xia Ye Zhao got out first, went around to open the door, and carried her out.
His pampering made Ye Xingguang’s nose sour. She really wanted to call him big brother, was this his way to make her give in her heart?
“What is it?”
Xia Ye Zhao noticed that she was grumbling about something.
“Xia, big brother, if you keep taking care of me like this, I won’t be able to help but fall in love with you. I’m not Xia Qiongqiong, and we are of opposite genders. Your personality is so charming, what if I fall in love with you?” Ye Xingguang playfully said.
Xia Ye Zhao, however, couldn’t find it within him to laugh. He carried her directly into the hotel lobby, made sure there was no rain coming in, then put her down. His eyes still filled with guilt.
Compared to the harm that this family had done to her, what he’s doing now was next to nothing. Saying so would only make him more ashamed.
###Chapter 303: Where are the handsome guys and beautiful ladies?_1
Noticing that his brother didn’t laugh at his seriousness, Ye Xingguang felt bored and waved his hand, “Brother Xia, could you please keep an eye on my father at the hospital tonight? If anything happens, please call me immediately.”
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t plan to leave right away, “I’ll take you to your room.”
The guest room reserved by Ye Junqing yesterday hadn’t been canceled. It was a business sea-view room. As soon as the door opened, they could see a large floor-to-ceiling window and a 180-degree sea view.noveldrama
After accompanying her into the room, Xia Ye Zhao stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window for a while, then walked over to the bedside and put down a bottle of VV brand painkillers.
“I’m leaving now, go to bed early. Don’t set the air conditioner too low. If you feel unwell, the medicine is here. I’ll send the driver to pick you up for the hospital tomorrow morning.”
Looking at the medicine on the bedside table, Ye Xingguang bashfully averted her gaze. Her brother was too thoughtful. Such a considerate man was still unmarried. He was already 32. Was there no woman worthy of him?
Ye Xingguang thought of Dr. Chang, “Brother Xia, are you sure you don’t know Dr. Chang?”
Xia Ye Zhao, who was about to go out, stiffened. He said calmly, “I don’t know her.”
“I think she’s quite good-looking and well-educated. Plus, she’s a doctor, so if you ever fall ill, you wouldn’t need to go to the hospital. You could just get treated at home. If you like her, I think you could pursue her,” she suggested.
A bitter smile tugged at the corner of Xia Ye Zhao’s mouth, “Stop worrying. She’s already married and even has a child.”
“Really?”
Xia Ye Zhao’s voice held a restrained fury, “Her husband is your father’s attending physician, Bo Jingyu.”
“What, Dr. Bo is married? Why haven’t I ever heard him mention it before?”
Ye Xingguang was surprised. She was the woman who sponsored Dr. Bo, yet she didn’t know he was married?
Xia Ye Zhao turned around, “Are you close to him?”
“Quite. He’s been in charge of my dad’s medical treatment all along, but he never mentioned having a wife. Still, it could be that Dr. Bo doesn’t like to talk about his private life. If Dr. Chang, who is so beautiful, were to marry Dr. Bo, they’d be a perfect match, a pair of like-minded life partners.”
Xia Ye Zhao suddenly said in a low voice, “Don’t presume they are a perfect match.”
Ye Xingguang blinked, “Don’t you think they’re suitable? They’re both doctors, like-minded life partners. It’s hard to find such a pairing, and Dr. Bo is very famous in the medical field and is a reliable person. It should be a happy thing to marry such a man.”
Xia Ye Zhao couldn’t stand to hear anymore. With a cold expression, he said, “Go to bed early. I’m leaving.”
“Oh, okay. Take care, Brother Xia.”
The term ‘Brother Xia’ annoyed Xia Ye Zhao. What was even more annoying were his little sister’s words about them being like-minded and a perfect match.
Upon leaving the hotel, he stood in the drizzle, his whole person cold as if he had draped over him a glacier from the Arctic.
With Xia Ye Zhao gone, Ye Xingguang hopped onto the bed, sat down and called Ye Junqing. She wanted to know if the major tumor knew what was going on between her big brother and Dr. Chang.
As soon as the call was connected, Ye Junqing’s magnetic voice came through, “You got to the hotel.”
“Yes. By the way, do you know if Xia Ye Zhao ever had a girlfriend?”
“Chang Danran?” Three words, blurted out.
Ye Xingguang immediately straightened up, her face full of interest, “What’s the story?”
###Chapter 304: Seems like they are thwarted lovers, huh? _1
Ye Jun Qing didn’t like to expose other people’s privacy, and he was even more annoyed by her call, focusing not on him but on her brother. He hummed in a low voice, “Why do you ask?”
“Doctor Chang is my dad’s resident physician. Today when elder brother Xia saw her, he was stunned. I’m just curious to ask.”
“Oh.” Ye Jun Qing chuckled, seemingly laughing at his cousin-in-law’s rocky love journey, as if he relished in his misfortune.
“Don’t just laugh, tell me about their past.”
Ye Jun Qing said, “Nothing much, they were together before, but five years ago, Chang Danran dumped Xia Ye Zhao and then married your dad’s principal physician, Bo Jingyu.”
“!!!” Doctor Chang really has terrible taste!
Where did her brother go wrong that she dumped him?!
Ye Xingguang couldn’t accept it, “Why would Doctor Chang dump my brother?”
As for this, Ye Jun Qing wasn’t clear.
He said, “In matters of sentiment, only those involved can truly understand. All I know is, Xia Wealth offered Chang Danran a huge sum of money, then Chang Danran left Xia Ye Zhao.”
Ye Xingguang was shocked, “Is she a gold-digger?”
“There should be some inside story. You know what kind of person Xia Wealth is, don’t you?” Ye Jun Qing’s voice was full of disdain.
She knew perfectly well what kind of person her biological father was. Was this a forced separation by higher powers then?
Ha…
Ye Xingguang added another stroke of hatred towards Xia Wealth.
“Did Xia Ye Zhao see Xiaoman again?”
“Who is Xiaoman?” Ye Xingguang’s curiosity was piqued.
Did he say too much?
Ye Jun Qing didn’t respond, his thoughts wandered back to four years ago.
At that time, he had made a trip to T City.
Although he was resolved to sever all ties and let her be free, he couldn’t control his feet on the day she took her college entrance exam. He waited outside her examination school’s gate for two days.
Because he knew, in the past, she didn’t do well in her college entrance exam and ended up in the third-tier college in the Imperial City. Though she didn’t mind and was satisfied with making it into a college without previous formal education, he didn’t like it when others commented on her average academic background.noveldrama
The reason she didn’t do well was not due to her intelligence, but because she missed the last subject, missing the examination time.
Not wanting her to repeat the same mistake, he followed her like a stalker to every single one of her exams.
When she was standing outside the examination room, he wore a black hat, a black mask, and sunglasses, fully armed, standing next to her, wanting to give her a hug and encourage her to relax.
In the end, he chose to silently witness her.
On the day of her last exam, her father needed dialysis treatment in the hospital. She wanted to be with her father but underestimated the difficulty of hailing a cab at the hospital entrance. She became so anxious.
He pretended to be a ride-hail driver and got her to the exam center in time, ensuring she did not miss the exam time.
When her final exam was over, he turned into a ride-hail driver once again and took the jubilant her to the hospital. Then, he prepared to leave T City, but saw Chang Danran rushing to the hospital, holding a baby, as if the sky was falling.
The baby wasn’t in good health.
He remembered Xia Ye Zhao telling him once that Chang Danran had a son for him, but the boy died in infancy. This incident had left Xia Ye Zhao with an unresolved emotional wound. He wasn’t sure if the baby he had seen was that infant?
###Chapter 305: That Starlight, Isn’t a Sign For Her?_1
Ye Xingguang waited for a while, but Ye Junqing didn’t speak on the phone, she urged anxiously:”Then who is Xiao Man?”
“Chang Danran’s son.”
Ye Xingguang:”She even has a son now?”noveldrama
That’s it. Her brother is totally out of the picture. He could only be a heartbroken man. All thanks to Xia Wealth, why hasn’t he been struck by thunder!
She didn’t mind patricide at all!
Ye Junqing didn’t want to chat about irrelevant topics anymore, even though his little mermaid tail was filled with interest. He just asked,”Have you taken a bath yet?”
“Not yet, I called you as soon as I got back to the hotel.”
Ye Junqing could sense the urgency in the call, it made him happy:”Go take a bath, sleep early after bathing. You still have to hurry to the hospital tomorrow to take your mom’s shift, don’t oversleep.”
“Alright.”
After discovering that Doctor Chang was already a wife and a mother, Ye Xingguang lost interest, hung up the phone, and went to take a bath.
A mermaid tail that seemed to have absorbed a myriad of colors was gently swaying in the hotel’s large bathtub…
The fingernail-sized scales shone with a pearlescent glow amidst the gold and blue.
However, Ye Xingguang had her long hair pulled outside the bathtub and leaned against the bathtub, but she felt regretful, all she could think of was the large swimming pool in the Ye’s mansion where she could swim freely.
When she was in the mansion, she often sneaked into the swimming pool in the middle of the night to swim. It was an enjoyment like a fairy, but now there was no comparison, there was no harm, the ceiling of Ye’s mermaid swimming pool was still shimmering with incredibly romantic stardust…
She suddenly had a brilliant idea, could those stars hint at her?
Calm down, how could it be possible? When Ye’s mermaid swimming pool was built, she hadn’t shaken the big tumor.
A woman in love really loves to daydream, finding all sorts of unrealistic hints to prove that destiny is determined by heaven…
But she couldn’t control her soaring self, even if she knew she was daydreaming, she still felt like she was about to float up.
The more she thought about it, the more she felt that destiny was decided by heaven.
The big tumor, in order to make money, insisted on saying that he liked Xia Qiongqiong, and even built a mermaid swimming pool and a mermaid theme park for Xia Qiongqiong. As a result, God sent her to him, so Xia Qiongqiong herself could enjoy the mermaid swimming pool…
Oh god~~~
Calm down!
In order to control her flyaway thoughts, she turned on the TV in the bathroom, watching the news while bathing.
Right now, the TV was broadcasting news about Ye Shiting, trying to run for president, not only Ye Shiting but other presidential candidates, including Lawson Perry, were also taking full advantage of various media to pull votes for themselves.
Ye Shiting had been discharged from the hospital, the media was filming his discharge scene in the news and asking him about his health condition, questioning the cause of the gas station explosion, was it an assassination attempt?
Ye Shiting did not reply.
He simply said he was going to the memorial service for his bodyguards.
After all, the bodyguards died for him, he felt very heavy-hearted.
…
On the other hand, Lawson Perry, who was generally suspected to be the real culprit behind the gas station explosion, was sitting on the sofa in his living room, watching TV.
Han Chengbei sat next to him, kicked the table in anger:”Brother Lu, have you found out who’s behind all this? Carrying this blame every day isn’t troublesome to you, it is to me. Look at the recent public opinion poll, Ye Shiting’s support rate is soaring. This is the final sprint of the election. I even suspect it was a self-staging move by him. If not, why was he the only one unharmed and everyone else died?”
Upon hearing this, Lawson Perry suddenly laughed:”That’s quite an interesting thought.”
###Chapter 306: She is My Faith!_1
“What?” Han Chengbei was taken aback.
But Nanyin, who was standing beside him, understood and promptly nodded, “Sir, I’ll get right on it.”
Lawson Perry nodded, not stopping him.
Han Chengbei slapped his forehead, “Wait, Lawson, you mean, we spin the public opinion, saying this was all part of Ye Shiting’s plan? Genius! I can finally breathe a sigh of relief. But wait… if we push the blame on Ye Shiting, won’t my baby be affected too?”
After all, his beacon of hope was the brave girl who had saved Ye Shiting from a blazing fire.
Immediately, Han Chengbei became stern, “Lawson, I don’t care how you spin it, but you can’t harm Ye Xingguang!”
“You seem to be particularly concerned about her?”
Of course! Han Chengbei said pretentiously, “She’s my god! She’s my beacon of hope! Without her, I wouldn’t be who I am today. Whoever dares to harm her is my enemy.”
Lawson Perry showed interest, “In love with her, are you? But she’s a married woman, remember? Didn’t you just tell me the other night that you found out her official match is Ye Junqing, and you got a solid slap on your face?”
Han Chengbei was serious, “My love for her transcends genders. It’s worship!”
Lawson Perry: “…”
“She is my faith!”
Lawson Perry: “…”
Han Chengbei wanted to continue, but his phone rang – his grandfather wanted him home.
Unable to do anything, Han Chengbei had to leave, but not before specifically emphasizing that his faith should not be harmed.
However, an hour later, Nanyin received a few photographs. Some were of Xia Ye Zhao hugging Ye Xingguang in the hospital, some of him carrying her out of a car at a hotel entrance, and some of them entering a hotel room together.
These photos could easily lead to wild speculation.
“Who sent these?”
Nanyin replied, “Anonymous.”
“Hm…”
Nanyin asked again, “Sir, shall we make these photos public?”noveldrama
Lawson Perry waved him off, “What do these photos have to do with me? They won’t affect Ye Shiting or Ye Junqing, besides, Han Sen is pursuing Xia Yanyan now.”
Nanyin thought to himself, it made sense not to offend the uncle of his young master’s future partner. It would bring no benefits but only troubles.
Lawson Perry changed the subject, “Last time, I asked you to investigate Ye Xingguang, how did that go?”
Nanyin reported, “I couldn’t find out much about Ye Xingguang’s identity, but I did track down the source of the ten million she gave her ex-boyfriend.”
“Go ahead.” Lawson Perry urged, ready to listen.
Nanyin continued, “The ten million passed through several bank accounts. In tracking the source, I found it shockingly led to Mr. Kuren, a well-known figure at the United Nations. But I couldn’t find any past connections between him and Ms. Ye. I am puzzled. She appears to have no background but always surprises me in unexpected ways.”
“What about her parents?”
Nanyin replied, “Her father is Song Chuanqi, and her mother Bai Lanwu. I couldn’t find anything remarkable about them. Ye Xingguang appears to be their adopted daughter. As for her origins, I didn’t find any leads so far. But given Xia Ye Zhao has shown unusual interest in her, could her background be beyond our imagination?”
###Chapter 307: Are You Sure You Don’t Need Me to Prove It?_1 
Lawson Perry mused, “You can slowly dig into this in your spare time. It’s not our most urgent matter. What I want to know the most right now is, who’s trying to smear my reputation and who can salvage my image damaged from the gas station explosion!” 
Nan Yin nodded, “Yes.” 
… 
The next morning, Ye Xingguang woke up to the news that someone had exposed the gas station explosion as Ye Shiting’s own doing, explained in great detail. 
“Damn!” Ye Xingguang couldn’t control her voice. 
If it weren’t for her rushing into the fire, Ye Shiting would’ve been finished by now. The one who called it his own doing, were they insane? 
She called Ye Junqing, asking if she needed to testify about how perilous the fire was. 
“You’re awake?” Ye Junqing’s voice was soft and magnetic. 
“Yeah, yeah, I woke up and saw such news. It almost got my blood boiling. I can testify; your brother was genuinely in grave danger. The doctor also said that had he been there any later, he would’ve suffocated to his death. How could that have been self-engineered?” 
Ye Junqing felt like his heart was ironed over, warm and moved at hearing her concern for his family. Maybe her previous nonchalance was due to their relationship issues. 
Ye Junqing couldn’t help reflecting – why was it so hard for them to get along? 
As he pondered, he said, “Don’t worry. The elder brother will take care of this. You should stay put in Guy City, take care of your dad, and ignore the rest.” 
“Are you sure I don’t need to testify?” Ye Xingguang insisted. 
“No.” 
Family testimonials are not enough for substantiation. If she comes forth now, she may get entangled. After all, a weak girl pulling a grown man out of a fire seems implausible and more like a show. 
Ye Xingguang regretted, “Okay then, I’m getting up now. I’ll call you again when I’m back at the hotel tonight.” 
“Is it still raining in Guy City today?” 
Ye Xingguang pressed the electric curtain button. As the curtain opened, bright light shone in, revealing a sky as blue as the washed ocean, forming a beautiful horizon. 
“Great, it’s a sunny day.” 
Ye junqing was relieved, “All right then, I’m off to an early meeting.” 
He then added, “Are you feeling okay?” 
Last night, she did feel a bit sick. However, after taking a pill bought by her elder brother, she felt better. 
Ye Xingguang responded, “I am fine. I’ll call around eight tonight.” 
…… 
At eight in the evening, Ye Xingguang didn’t call Ye Junqing from the hotel as her father’s condition worsened. 
He was shivering to the point, even covering in a cold sweat, the vital sign monitors were also off. 
Chang Danran rushed over. Her father stubbornly refused medication and ordered everyone to leave the room. 
Under this condition, how could they leave the room? 
Song Chuanqi didn’t know how to explain, the more people were around him, the more uncomfortable he felt. Finally, he understood the other kind of torment his son-in-law had spoken about. noveldrama
He couldn’t describe the feeling. It was like a hungry beast wanted to feed, but what it desired wasn’t food, but blood. 
Could this be the thirst for blood his son-in-law was talking about?
###Chapter 308: To Survive…_1 
Song Chuanqi recalls the conversation he had with his son-in-law that day. 
His son-in-law said, “Apart from drinking blood, there is no other way to alleviate the craving, unless you can endure this urge purely through willpower. However, your body is currently weak, I would suggest you to drink blood, or you might not make it through.” 
He once asked his son-in-law: “Did you alleviate your pain by drinking blood?” 
His son-in-law replied, “I did it once, afterwards, I chose resistance.” 
He asked his son-in-law, “Why did you stop after drinking only once?” 
His son-in-law replied, “I didn’t want to become a blood-thirsty addict.” 
Considering he would have to drink blood in the future if he gets sick, Song Chuanqi was filled with the same defiance as his son-in-law; he too didn’t want to become a blood-drinking monster. 
If his son-in-law could hold on, why couldn’t he? 
He didn’t want to lose to the younger generation! 
Chang Danran stared at the various data on the monitor, then looked at Song Chuanqi and his tormented symptoms, suddenly remembered Xiaoman – why did she think that Patient 19’s physical index and Xiaoman’s condition during her relapse were so similar? 
Chang Danran made everyone leave, closed the door of the sickroom, and asked directly, “Mr. Song, to be honest with me, is your current agony because you crave blood?” 
Song Chuanqi was taken aback, but remained silent. 
“If that’s the case, just admit it. I’ve seen this type of disease before, a peculiar one which can only be alleviated by drinking blood.” 
Song Chuanqi, lying on the hospital bed, didn’t affirm right away. 
There was a melancholic glint in Chang Danran’s eyes, “My son was also afflicted with this disease. Last night, he had an episode too. Even if you don’t confess, I do have a vague idea. I am a doctor, and I need to accurately understand your condition to treat you effectively. If you don’t have this disease, please do tell me. I’ll treat you as per regular procedures. Trust me, doctors won’t harm you.” 
Song Chuanqi didn’t want to be misdiagnosed, weakly and irritably admitted, “Yes, Dr. Chang, don’t give me random medications. Just leave me alone.” 
No one knew that every word of their conversation fell into Ye Xingguang’s ears. 
Ye Xingguang’s hearing was sharp. Even with the ward door closed, she could hear the conversation inside clearly. 
She was stunned and in disbelief. Why would her father get this blood-sucking disease? 
She had seen Ye Junqing’s painful state during his metamorphosis. But her father had never had this kind of disease before. 
Chang Danran asked the same question in the ward, “Mr. Song, please tell me how you got this disease?” 
Song Chuanqi would not betray his son-in-law and simply said, “To survive, nothing more can be said.” 
“So… the sudden stability you experienced after being issued a notice of critical condition was because of this?” 
Chang Danran ventured a guess, because her son had also been declared hopeless by the pediatrician, but then miraculously improved. She still didn’t know how his condition improved so suddenly and how he contracted this strange ailment of craving blood. 
Because she couldn’t find the cause, she couldn’t completely cure her son’s disease. The thought of her son caused her heartache. 
“Mr. Song, please tell me the specific situation,” Chang Danran implored. 
Song Chuanqi remained silent, biting back his pain, reluctant to speak. 
Chang Danran felt helpless, “I’ll get the blood bag for you.” 
“No need, I can endure it.” Song Chuanqi was adamant. noveldrama
Last night, her son was just as stubborn, insisting on pushing through. Now, her patient was equally willful. Chang Danran couldn’t help but solemnly advise, “Why are you torturing yourself like this? Your physical condition is not good. Do you really think you can endure it all by yourself?”
###Chapter 309: She Must Make a Trip to the Deep Sea_1
Ignoring Song Chuanqi, Chang Danran left the ward hurriedly to prepare the blood bag.
As soon as the ward door opened, Ye Xingguang rushed in, and locked the door from inside to prevent more people from approaching her father.
She walked briskly to the hospital bed and asked immediately, “Dad, what happened? How did you contract the vampire illness? Was it Ye Junqing?”
All Ye Xingguang could think of was that malignant tumor.
Since, that malignant tumor was the one affected by the illness and that day, only he and her father were together.
Even though Song Chuanqi did not say anything, Ye Xingguang had already guessed it. She was furious, “How could he do this? He’s sick, and he gave his illness to you. How could he do this?”
“Xingguang, your father chose to do this voluntarily, don’t blame him…otherwise, you might be here collecting your father’s body right now,”
Ye Xingguang immediately flew over and covered Song Chuanqi’s mouth, not allowing her father to say such ominous words.
She understood, she knew. The doctors had told them to take her father home as soon as possible, otherwise, it would be too late…
At that moment, she finally understood why her father had suddenly improved. The malignant tumor had saved her father’s life.
But seeing her father in so much pain, she couldn’t help but complain irrationally.
“I have a way, Dad, I have a way to cure this disease. You drink the blood first to recover, and then I will figure out a way to cure you completely.”
When that malignant tumor fell ill, she had been able to remain calm. But now that her father was sick, she was bereft of reason.
She had to find a definitive cure!
“Xingguang, are you speaking truthfully?”
“Yes, just drink the blood for now. I won’t let you have to rely on drinking blood to survive forever. Please drink it just once, Dad. Even a strong man like Ye Junqing has to struggle with it, how can you resist it in such serious condition? Do you want to scare my mother and me? My mother is outside the door, her face is now pale from anxiety, she cannot handle another shock, she fainted last time.”
Ye Xingguang was very stern while she spoke.
Although Song Chuanqi did not want to lose to his son-in-law, his physical condition really didn’t allow him to resist. Less than half an hour later, Chang Danran brought in a bag of blood. After swallowing his pride and drinking a bowl of “medicine”, his symptoms began to ease.
He had waited for her call for half an hour but did not receive it, so he actively reached out to her.
“Hello.” She answered the phone almost immediately.
“Haven’t you gone back to the hotel yet?” Ye Junqing heard the sound of car radio.
Ye Xingguang hummed in exhaustion, “No, there was a problem with my dad.”
“What happened?”
Torn between blaming and thanking him, Ye Xingguang walked to the end of the corridor, standing in front of the window. While her heart was filled with gratitude, her voice projected blame, “You dare to ask me what’s wrong? What did you do to my dad? You made him suffer so much?”
“…” Ye Junqing was silent.
Ye Xingguang was afraid that her tone was too harsh and may give Ye Junqing the wrong impression, she softened her voice, “Why wouldn’t you tell me?”
“I’m sorry,” Ye Junqing was genuinely remorseful.
He had no intention of harming her father, but other than this, he had no other choice.
He could not bear to see her suffer from losing her father.noveldrama
He could not bear to see her cry.
“Thank you.”
Ye Junqing made an “Hmm?” sound.
Ye Xingguang was staring at the neon lights outside the window, and with all her heart, she said in such a low voice that even she didn’t know how scared and grateful she felt, “Thank you for saving my father, my father told me about it.”
###Chapter 310: Dead Ghost…_1
If it weren’t for Ye Junqing, she would have lost her father by now. She’s not ungrateful and is unsure of how to express her gratitude. “Don’t worry, I’ll save you and Dad. I know there’s a way to cure you.”
Ye Junqing didn’t take her emphatic words to heart, as long as she didn’t blame or hate him, that was enough.
The gloom in his eyes dispelled, his mood lightened, “The words ‘thank you’ are useless and can’t be used or eaten. I prefer if you express your gratitude with two other words.”
“What do you want to hear?”
What two words are more weighted than “thank you”?
Having taken a shower and dried his hair, Ye Junqing was preparing for a video conference in his study. Opening the door, he threw out two words: “Ah Qing.”
Ye Xingguang: “….”
“From now on, when you call me, you must start with those two words.”
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt her face get a bit reddish.
Even though these two words are ordinary, why do they sound so ambiguous when they come from Ye Junqing’s magnetic, soft voice?
She couldn’t stand the throbbing in her heart, shyly responding, “Got it.”
“At the end of every sentence, you ought to wrap it up with these two words. Like now, you should say, ‘Got it, Ah Qing.’”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang rubbed her arm vigorously, “I got goosebumps.”
Ye Junqing coldly sneered proudly, insisting, “Is that how you express your gratitude?”
Ye Xingguang chuckled softly, “Bored of your words, hanging up now, Ah Qing.”
She quickly rattles off the last two words, as if scared that Ye Junqing would hear, just as scared if he didn’t.
Having spoken, she promptly hung up, her face flushed as she laughed.
But then, a message came in on WeChat.
Big cancer: [Good.]
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes at the screen, good my ass.
She has many emoticons in her phone, after much deliberation, her gaze finally fixed on the “evil spirit” emoticon, she couldn’t move away from it as she laughed.
Then, she indeed clicked on the “evil spirit” emoticon, sent it out, bravely, fearlessly.
Upon sending, she immediately turned off the phone. Haha, she didn’t care what mood Big Cancer was in when he saw this emoticon, as long as she was happy.
Xia Ye Zhao came toward her: “Little sister, I’ll take you back to the hotel.”
Ye Xingguang shook her head, “Big Brother Xia, you should go to sleep. You must be tired from watching over my dad last night. Mom got a shock just now, she definitely won’t sleep tonight. Don’t stay here, in fact, you should go back to the city if you’re busy.”
Even big cancers have been this busy, she didn’t believe big brother wasn’t busy.”
Unexpectedly met Chang Danran, even if he knew she was married, Xia Ye Zhao can’t walk away. He said, “Not busy, you don’t look well, let me take you to the hotel.”
“But there’s something more important I need to do now.”
She wanted to set sail, she must cure her father and Ye Junqing’s illness. She can’t wait another moment.
“What are you doing? I’ll come with you.”
“That’s okay, it’s private.”
Having said that, Ye Xingguang left, drove to the beach, rented a boat, and set sail overnight.
After sailing for two hours, she felt sleepy and was rubbing her eyes and yawning when someone approached the cockpit, scaring her.
Looking closely, it was Big Brother?
Ye Xingguang abruptly woke up, her heart beating, “Big Brother Xia, why are you here?”
“I was worried about you and followed you. Are you tired? Let me take over.”
He had been following her from the hospital. Seeing her rent a boat and not knowing where she wanted to sail in the middle of the night, he boarded the boat while she wasn’t paying attention. At this moment, seeing her struggling with sleepiness he appeared and ordered her to take a break on the side.
###Chapter 311: The Male Lead is Actually Not Him! _1 
Ye Xingguang felt like she was going to faint. There was a living person on the boat, and she had not noticed them for two hours while sailing. The worse part was she was heading somewhere that wasn’t suitable for him and she didn’t want him to know about it. 
This was troublesome. The boat was already far from the shore, and she could not just throw him overboard and ask him to swim back. 
It seemed she had no choice but to go to Bugoo Island and find Yen’an first. After all, Bai Xiao had dealt with a similar situation before. She wanted to learn how Bai Xiao had taken care of it. 
Ye Xingguang input Bugoo Island’s location into the navigation system, directly handed the steering wheel to Xia Ye Zhao, and then relaxed. 
“Alright, you take over. I’m going to sleep. If anything happens, wake me up. However, I think we’ll have to sail until dawn. Xia, if you get tired, just switch to automatic mode.” 
Having said that, she went into the cabin to sleep. And then, she slept soundly until daylight. 
— 
Early in the morning, Ye Junqing, as usual, went for a morning run, had breakfast, and then went to work. noveldrama
On his way to work, he thought about the time and decided to call his loved one in T city. Before he could dial the number, Xiao Yun, who was sitting in the back seat, frowned and handed him a mobile phone, “Mr. Qing, look at this news.” 
“What news?” 
Ye Junqing took the phone and his good-natured expression turned ice cold in an instant. 
The headline news featured several pictures and a short video. The female protagonist in the video was not someone else, but his little mermaid. But the male protagonist was not him, it was his brother-in-law Xia Ye Zhao. 
The video and pictures were clearly taken secretly. They included images of his brother-in-law forcibly hugging his woman at the hospital, and even carrying her in his arms!!! 
The highlight of the pictures was him carrying her in the rain at the hospital, carrying her like a princess from the car to the hotel, and both of them entering a hotel room together… 
To him, these photos were meaningless, but to those who didn’t know the actual relationship between them, it was clear evidence of an affair. 
Clearly, netizens had exploded with gossip. There were already over 9999 comments under the news, all cursing the unfaithfulness of the couple. 
“Isn’t this the mermaid girl? How could she be so flirtatious? She wasn’t satisfied with Ye’s big poison tumor [Editor’s Note: This appears to be a nickname for Ye Junqing], but also has an unclear relationship with Xia’s Group’s Mr. Xia. I used to be a fan of hers, but now she has lost me forever due to her infidelity!” 
“Damn, this woman is so disgusting. She used to show off her lovey-dovey relationship on Weibo, saying that Ye’s big poison is crazy about her heels. I even thought she was cute and unique. But it turns out she’s secretly messing around with other men!” 
“I’ve always believed that she and Ye Junqing were just putting on a show from beginning to end. The big poison of Ye must have been enduring everything for his brother’s presidential election, even their relationship was fake. Isn’t it said that the explosion at the gas station was self-staged by Ye Shiting? Maybe in private they have their separate lives. I don’t believe that the mermaid girl won over Ye’s big poison in just over a month. What a laughable dream.” 
“You guys check out Xia Yanyan’s Weibo. Xia Yanyan is defending her brother and asking everyone not to blame him. Because the real love exists between her brother and the mermaid girl. Her brother actually gave 10% of Xia Group’s shares to the mermaid girl. This is quite explosive…” 
Ye Junqing couldn’t bear to look at it anymore and threw the phone back to Xiao Yun. His voice was as cold as ice, “Find out who leaked this.” 
“Mr. Qing, I don’t think the photos necessarily prove anything. Miss Ye’s father is seriously ill. She wouldn’t have the mood to fall in love with other men. Don’t let the photos and videos mislead you,” Xia Yun reminded him.
###Chapter 312: Ye Xingguang, You’re Happy Too Early!_1 
Ye Junqi turned back, peering deeply into Xiao Yun’s eyes. He couldn’t help but lament, “Why isn’t Fu Zhuo as clever as you are?” 
If Fu Zhuo saw this news, he would definitely stamp his feet in anger, comparing himself unfavorably to others! 
“So, Mr. Junqi, you didn’t believe what was stated in the photos?” 
Xiao Yun was somewhat worried. The relationship between Mr. Junqi and Miss Ye had just started to develop, and now these photos had appeared… 
“There’s no way they are together!” Ye Junqi’s tone was filled with trust. 
You could hear Xiao Yun breathe a sigh of relief. 
A lack of trust is what frightens couples the most. 
“But, the Weibo post that Miss Xia has posted has been verified. Currently, ten percent of the shares of the Xia Corporation are held under Miss Ye’s name. If this is not clarified soon, I’m afraid it won’t look good for Miss Ye’s reputation.” 
Ye Junqi remained silent. He didn’t mind telling everyone that Xia Ye Zhao is his uncle-in-law, but he respected Little Fish Tail’s wishes. 
If she didn’t want to disclose her background, he wouldn’t force her. 
Thinking of this, Ye Junqi made a call to Ye Xingguang, but it went to voicemail. She must be furious, huh? 
Meanwhile, at the Xia’s house, in the dining room. 
Upon seeing Xia Yanyan coming downstairs cheerfully for breakfast, Xia Wealth put down his chopsticks heavily, “Yanyan, what are you up to, posting that kind of Weibo post? Don’t you realize how damaging it is to your brother’s image?” 
Xia Yanyan, still angry with Xia Ye Zhao, pulled out a chair to sit down and pouted, “Dad, I’m just stating the facts. Don’t you think that my brother was too nice to Ye Xingguang in those photos? Plus, he gave my share of the Xia Corporation to Ye Xingguang. How am I supposed to swallow this?” 
Wang Zimei served breakfast to her daughter, “Yanyan, it’s one thing to be angry. But why would you badmouth your own brother?” 
“Mom, you’ve got it all wrong. I only want to reclaim that ten percent of shares. If they want to clear up the photographs, Ye Xingguang has to give the ten percent of the shares back. Do you really want the shares of Xia Corporation to fall into the hands of outsiders?” 
Xia Yanyan’s words made Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei calm down. 
Xia Yanyan continued, “Ye Xingguang has been threatening us with the videos she took, making us look like we’re on the back foot. This headline news is a good opportunity. I just went with the flow, for the sake of our family. Dad, I think you should call my brother now and tell him the best way to clear up this matter is to reclaim the shares. You need to show some paternal authority.” 
What kind of father is afraid of his own son? Her dad was too weak! noveldrama
On thinking about the ten percent of shares falling into the hands of outsiders, Xia Wealth got furious. After a long silence, his stern look relaxed, and he seemed to seriously consider his daughter’s advice. 
Xia Yanyan secretly sighed with relief, then started eating breakfast while scrolling through comments online. 
After a long time, she finally saw netizens turning against the White Lotus fans! 
This was a good trend. She decided, today, she would give the marriage application to the president. She wanted to strike while the iron was hot and marry Ye Junqi! 
She believed that since Ye Xingguang had cheated first, the netizens would no longer be against her wanting to marry Junqi. Then, she would publicize her “Silent Romantic Confession”, and the netizens would have to believe, her and Junqi were a match made in heaven. By then, they would only bless her! 
Thinking about this, a triumphant and delighted smile flickered in Xia Yanyan’s eyes. Snatching her shares and the man she liked, Ye Xingguang, you celebrated too soon!
###Chapter 313: My Other Name _1
On the other side, Ye Xingguang slept until dawn, and Xia Ye Zhao still had not sailed the boat to Bukui Island. She took over steering for two hours, and finally saw the silhouette of Bukui Island.
“Where is this?” asked Xia Ye Zhao.noveldrama
Seeing the silhouette of Bukui Island, Ye Xingguang felt a complex range of emotions: “This is where I lived when I was a child.”
Xia Ye Zhao felt a strong sense of anticipation, eager to know about her living conditions during those years she was away from home.
“Is this where you and your foster parents lived?”
“No, it’s where I lived as a child. This is not the island where I lived with my foster parents. I was adopted by them when I was twelve. Before that, I did not live with them.” Ye Xingguang explained.
Back then, her cruel parents abandoned her in the open sea, where she drifted in the stormy waves, eventually coming to this island. From then on, she put down roots here, on this nameless island, which she named Bukui Island, because it was full of cuckoo birds.
After the boat docked, Ye Xingguang washed her face.
Seeing her washed face, Xia Ye Zhao looked at her more attentively, appearing pleasantly surprised by her beauty, but he did not say anything.
In his heart, he always felt that no matter how beautiful his sister was, it was as it should be.
Later, Ye Xingguang led Xia Ye Zhao onto the island. The places they walked through were overgrown with shrubs and did not look like places for humans to live.
The further they walked, the more worried Xia Ye Zhao became. He looked at her and asked with a tightened grip on her wrist, “Did you live here for six years?”
His voice was filled with passion, or perhaps regret and self-reproach, frustration, anger, and guilt… All kinds of emotions flooded his mind.
Ye Xingguang heard his emotions and soothed him with a smile. “Brother Xia, we’re not there yet. Actually, the living conditions aren’t bad. There’s a waterfall that’s very beautiful. Don’t get too agitated.”
But how could he not be agitated? His vulnerable sister had been living in this barren and uncivilized place for six years. He wished he could punch himself for his negligence!
Why didn’t he find her back then? If he couldn’t find her, he should continue searching. Why did he give up and let her live in such a place?
About half an hour later, they saw a spectacular waterfall deep in the forest. Beneath the waterfall was a lush green area with numerous unknown flowers dotting it, as if someone had been caring for it.
Indeed, someone had been taking care of it. Two wooden houses were built on the greenery, and a yard was enclosed by a fence.
Time passed, and Ye Xingguang thought about the eccentric old woman who had taken care of her. She couldn’t help but run into the yard and started shouting before she even entered the house: “Tooth granny, tooth granny, come out and see who is here to see you.”
An old woman covered in creases and wrinkles emerged from the house. She was hunched over and thin with a necklace of animal teeth hanging around her neck. Her skin seemed like old tree bark, but her eyes were strikingly clear and bright.
“Jiushu?”
The old woman stared at Ye Xingguang approaching her and suddenly laughed. She didn’t have a single tooth showing when she laughed, which sent shivers down one’s spine. But Ye Xingguang was used to it and affectionately called her Tooth Granny because she had no teeth.
Ye Xingguang rushed at her and hugged her, cooing, “Tooth Granny, Little Nine misses you so much, did you miss me?”
After the tearful reunion, Xia Ye Zhao approached them: “What does ‘Jiushu’ mean?”
“It’s my other name, Muya Jiushu. Brother Xia, please wait outside. Tooth Granny and I need some alone time to catch up.”
With that, she helped Tooth Granny into the house and closed the door behind them.
###Chapter 314: With the Throne Inherited, You Are the Hegemon of the Sea_1
Back in the room, the old woman asked who the man outside was, Ye Xingguang seemed particularly proud.
“It’s the one I told you about when I was a child, the brother who loves me, little Jiushu is not without people who care for her. You didn’t believe me, so I brought him here to show you. But I haven’t recognized him yet. Let’s leave that aside. Little Jiushu came to ask you a question.”noveldrama
The old woman rolled her deeply creviced eyelids: “I knew it, you never visit without a reason.”
“This is my house, you know,” she retorted.
Ye Xingguang flopped down onto the chair, sinking into it as if she were boneless and crossed her legs. On the wooden wall hung a fishbone whistle she loved to blow as a child.
The old woman was more or less satisfied with her words. Leaning on her crutch and hunched over, she moved slowly to sit on another chair. She fixated on Ye Xingguang, looking insatiable, and after a long while asked, “What brings you here to risk all?”
Returning to the point, Ye Xingguang said, “Old woman, my foster father contracted a disease that makes him crave blood. How can I cure his illness?”
Frowning deeply, the old woman asked, “Your foster father, how did he contract this disease? Have they found you?”
“No, it’s a long story. I remember Bai Xiao had this disease. Wasn’t his disease cured? How did he heal? Tell me quickly, old woman. I have to hurry back to save my father.”
“It’s actually quite simple,” said the old woman, her expression complex.
Ye Xingguang sighed in relief, “Then, how do you cure it?”
“You just need to ascend to the throne,” she replied.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang stuck out her tongue, “Old woman, can you stop joking with me? You know I don’t have the slightest interest in, and are even reluctant to ascend the throne. I’m here to talk serious business, a matter of life and death.”
But the old woman’s aged voice echoed, “This is the only way.”
Ye Xingguang was furious. “Why is this the only way? I just want a permanent cure. All you have to do is find a way to get the prescription. What does this have to do with whether I ascend to the throne or not? You know that if I ascend to the throne, they will force me to marry the heir of the vampire clan. Little Jiushu has no interest in the throne or the heir of the vampire clan!”
The old woman sighed, “Others fight tooth and nail for the throne, Jiushu, what are you thinking about? Ascend the throne, and you will be the overlord of the seas.”
“I couldn’t care less!”
She had no interest in becoming a power obtained at the expense of a young life!
She just wanted to live a normal yet happy life like other ordinary girls, with parents to serve, a happy marriage, and in the future, a couple of babies, to be a lamp among the thousands of families.
Also, she already has an official spouse!
“Old woman, just tell me how to cure this disease? Didn’t Bai Xiao get cured?”
The old woman coughed a few times and sighed, “Bai Xiao was never really cured. He relied on Yen’an’s blood bead. But it’s your father who is sick, Jiushu. You mustn’t use the blood bead to save your father. The only method I can think of is for you to ascend to the throne and then marry the heir of the vampire clan. That’s how you can get the prescription from them since only the heir of the vampire clan knows the cure.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
She inhaled deeply and forced herself to calm down. “Who is this heir to the vampire clan? I will hunt him down and see if he gives me the prescription!”
###Chapter 315: Find that heir and convince him to marry you_1
The old crone spoke with a tone of regret, “I don’t know. It’s said that few within the vampire clan know the identity of the heir.”
Ye Xingguang: “….”
“I heard, ten years ago, the old king of the vampires personally chose an heir. He told him that as long as he was willing to take our queen as his wife, he could inherit everything. But, he was rejected.”
Ye Xingguang was delighted, “Isn’t that perfect? The husband has no affection; the wife has no intentions!”
“But then you can’t get the prescription.”
Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth, “Can’t I go and buy it from the vampires? No matter the price, as long as they give me the prescription!”
“No use. Bai Xiao contracted the vampire disease. Yen’an had been begging the vampires for years, but the old king said the prescription would only be part of the dowry. If you want the prescription, you must marry his heir.”
Ye Xingguang was furious, this old king was more domineering than the Civil Affairs Office, forcing her into a corner!
Ye Xingguang was pulling her hair in frustration, “Then hurry up and choose a queen to marry him and get the dowry!”
The crone looked at Ye Xingguang, the culprit, “Jiushu, if you hadn’t impulsively killed all the eligible heirs back then, we wouldn’t be without a queen now, with the clan like a headless dragon. Everyone acknowledges you, and nobody but you can be the queen. Only if you marry him, it will be justifiable and everyone will accept it.”
What a day…
So she’s to blame for her past outburst?
Nobody cared about her before that!
Among all the heirs with rights to inherit, she was the most overlooked and looked down upon! No one took her seriously, so why can’t they do without her now?
This is unfair!
Ye Xingguang stomped angrily around the room, “So what should we do now?”
The crone’s weathered voice was brutally honest, “So now you not only have to inherit the throne, but also find the heir, convince him to marry you, and only then can you get the prescription and save your father.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
She had no interest in marrying this heir to begin with. Now, she had to plead with him to marry her. Had she gone mad?
Ye Xingguang felt her insides twist in anger, “Isn’t there any other way to get the prescription?”
The crone replied, “This is the only way. You are not the only one who’s proud and unwilling to marry. The vampire heir also looks down on you. Luckily, this isn’t a deadly disease. If you don’t want to marry, let your father persist on consuming blood.”noveldrama
But her father didn’t want to drink blood. She had to coax and persuade him quite a bit last night before he drank a bowl of blood.
Also, it wasn’t just her father who was sick. The big tumor had the same illness and he’d rather resist to the death than drink blood. He’s such a stubborn guy!
She had even promised the big tumor over the phone last night, that she would definitely find a way to cure his illness.
…
In the capital, Ye Junqing had been calling Xiao fish tail and his brother-in-law several times. One was showing switched off and the other was out of service.
The bodyguards also reported that they couldn’t find the two.
Ye Junqing was furious. Were this pair of adulterous lovers planning on eloping after being exposed by the media?
The internet was now flooded with news of his cuckolding.
He could only control public opinion if he revealed Xiao fish tail’s identity.
However, he was still apprehensive about this matter.
Once, he had willingly revealed Xiao fish tail’s identity, but as a result, their relationship had reached a freezing point.
Ye Junqing didn’t want to repeat that mistake. He even had not yet figured out why Xiao fish tail was so unwilling to let people know that she’s a mermaid.
###Chapter 316: Tomorrow, I Will Go With Starlight to Get Our Marriage Certificate_1
Ye Junqi had an important meeting in the morning, so he could only tuck this matter away for the time being. During the meeting, his cell phone remained on the conference table, attracting his deep gaze numerous times. But the phone remained silent, it seemed that the adulterous pair had no intention of giving him a call.
Very well!
That young lady probably thought that he had misunderstood her again and didn’t trust him, so she didn’t dare call him!
It seems that having her write a self-criticism ten times last time was a waste!
He should have demanded her to write it out a hundred times to sear it into her mind!
Nobody in the meeting dared look at Ye Junqi’s face. Given his circumstance, it was not surprising that he had a gloomy expression. After all, no man could remain calm in his situation.
After the meeting, everyone scampered away faster than a frightened rabbit.
At that moment, the secretary knocked on the door and came in: “President Ye, the Vice President is here.”
Ye Junqi suppressed his annoyance, “What does the Vice President want with me?”
The secretary didn’t know, so she provided no answer.
Ye Junqi pondered for a moment: “Show him to the guest room, I’ll be right there.”
The secretary nodded and left.
When Ye Junqi entered the guest room, Vice President Pan Tenglong was already sitting there waiting with his tea, accompanied by his deputy. Unlike the young Yanbei, Vice President Pan Tenglong was already middle-aged and quite dignified. Only when Ye Junqi walked over to shake hands with him, did Pan Tenglong set down his teacup, rise slowly, and shake Ye Junqi’s hand.
“What brings you here, Vice President Pan? Please have a seat.” Ye Junqi gestured while wearing a polite, faint smile.
Vice President Pan laughed heartily, and after sitting down again, he said: “Surely it’s the spring breeze, I have come to congratulate Mr. Ye.”
Ye Junqi settled into his chair with an air of swagger, smiling as he replied: “What’s the joyous event that requires Vice President Pan to personally congratulate me? If you had made a call, I would have personally come to you.”
Mr. Ye, have a look at this.”
Vice President Pan signaled to his deputy, who then handed a form to Ye Junqi.
Ye Junqi’s stern gaze glanced at the form on the table. His handsome face, which was previously wearing a light smile, instantly froze. His gaze landed on the form, exuding a cold air.
It was Xia Yanyan’s marriage application form, with the filled-out name: Ye Junqi!
After letting him read the application, Vice President Pan’s face broke into an even wider smile, and said repeatedly: “Who would have thought that our country’s national treasure, after careful selection, would choose one of the Ye’s Family’s finest? This truly makes for a great story. It’s a match of talents, a match made in heaven.”noveldrama
Where is this talk of talent and beauty, a match made in heaven? These words rang offensively in Ye Junqi’s ears. Xia Yanyan had dared to fill in his name on the application form? Good, very good!
Ye Junqi pushed the application form away and gave a strained smile: “Vice President Pan, are you not aware that I am already officially attached?”
Vice President Pan said, “I have investigated. Although you and Miss Ye hold an official proof of union, you do not have a marriage certificate. Hence, Miss Ye can only be considered your fiancée. Since she is your fiancée, when met with Miss Xia’s special rights, the state allows you two to dissolve your official tie, allowing both of you to return to single status. After that, you marry Miss Xia.”
“Heh… But I don’t want to marry Xia Yanyan, tomorrow, I’m going to get the marriage certificate with Ye Xingguang. Kindly relay this to Xia Yanyan for me, Mr. Pan, I don’t fancy her at all!”
###Chapter 317: Brother Qing, what do we do now?_1
Lord Night’s words were ruthless and without mercy.
Vice President Pan didn’t respond, his face stern.
Then he gave his adjutant a signal.
The adjutant said, “Mr. Night, under the national treasure protection law, once Miss Xia submits a marriage application, the Civil Affairs Bureau cannot issue marriage licenses to you or anyone else. You only have two options now: one, to marry Miss Xia; two, to face a legal suit.”
“Then sue me!”
The idea of him marrying Xia Yanyan was absurd!
The adjutant reminded him gravely, “Mr. Night, consider carefully. Once you accept the lawsuit, you will face three years in prison. Furthermore, everyone in the Night family, including your parents and brother, would have their political rights revoked. I wish to remind you that your elder brother, Mr. Ye Shiting, is currently running for president. If you refuse to marry Miss Xia, his presidential candidacy will be revoked. Please think it over.”
Lord Night’s face darkened.
The atmosphere in the guest room solidified.
For a long while, no one spoke in the room.
Two minutes later, Pan’s adjutant continued, “Mr. Night, you have three days to make a decision. After three days, we hope you will give us your answer. If your answer is refusal, we will file a legal suit to the court. Upon the lawsuit filing, Mr. Ye Shiting will be disqualified from the Presidential race, and removed from the list of presidential candidates.”
Having said that, the adjutant escorted Vice President Pan out of the guest room.
In truth, the adjutant was hoping for Lord Night’s refusal because once Ye Shiting is removed from the Presidential race, the chances of Vice President Pan winning the next election would be much greater.
At this moment, the two candidates most likely to win the next presidency, Ye Shiting and Lawson Perry, were both implicated in the gas station explosion. Vice President Pan, who was originally trailing them in public opinion, might surprisingly become the dark horse in the next presidential race.
Xia Yanyan’s marriage application came as timely rain. It was a brilliant move!noveldrama
However, the adjutant leaving with Vice President could not harbor too much hope. After all, even if Lord Night refused, the Night family would still force him to agree for political gain.
Furthermore, considering the deep brotherly bond between Lord Night and Ye Shiting, how could he sacrifice immense political gain for a woman?
After Vice President Pan left, Tang Zhou and Ji Qishu entered the guest room.
Tang Zhou asked curiously, “Brother, what happened? What did Vice President Pan want with you?”
Lord Night didn’t answer, but Ji Qishu glanced at the copied marriage application on the table and said, “Is Xia Yanyan’s prospective groom you, Lord Night? What’s her game? The sister wants to snatch you while the brother wants to snatch Little Starlight, they’re really of the same bad breed. Are they planning to destroy your happiness with Little Starlight?”
Ever since Fu Zhuo was put in confinement, Ji Qishu had been forced to acknowledge the reality: Lord Night was in love with Little Starlight. He couldn’t mess this up!
“Lord Night, what are we going to do now? Are you going to break your own heart to keep things peaceful?”
Tang Zhou, however, said, “What else can he do? The other day, Lord Night told me that our marriages are meant to consolidate power, including his own marriage. They all need to serve Shiting’s cause. Even if not for Shiting, we’ve fought, struggled and risked our lives together over the years for our brothers. We have no control over our own marriages. Lord Night also said that ‘Achievement has a price.’ We are all sacrifices to the cause of pushing Shiting towards the presidency. That’s the way of a political family!”
###Chapter 318: Accidental Meeting with Father-in-law and Mother-in-law_1
Tang Zhou had already memorized Ye Junqing’s words by heart, and kept them in mind!
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have swallowed his pride and brought Leng Chenmo home to recuperate.
Standing aside, Ji Qishu couldn’t help but rubbing his forehead in secret, refusing to look at Junqing’s expression. Indeed, you always have to pay your debts when you’re dealing with outsiders!
Given the current situation, even if Lord Junqing doesn’t want to compromise, he’s expected to sacrifice himself for political reasons. Or is he going to tell Lord Ting that he doesn’t want to marry Xia Yanyan, and urge him to give up running for the presidency?
Could Lord Junqing be able to make that request?
…
Meanwhile.
Ye Xingguang returned empty-handed, only to run into pirates robbing a cruise ship on her journey back!
It was said that piracy had been rampant in recent years, with news reports suggesting that even military ships were being robbed. Ye Xingguang had never encountered such a situation before. Yet ironically, she bumped into it today, with guns being fired in the distance.
A dozen or so speedboats were all filled with masked pirates holding guns. Some were even standing on the cruise ship, joyously throwing bags of things from the cruise ship onto the speedboats.
Although it was too far to see clearly what was being thrown, a little thought made it obvious that it must be valuable items.
A chilling light flashed across Ye Xingguang’s eyes: “Well, you dare to rob right under my nose. Brother Xia, head towards them.”
If she hadn’t seen it, it would have been fine. But now that she had witnessed the pirates robbing a cruise ship, she could never stand by and do nothing!
“Miss, forget it. We are outnumbered, we should take a detour.”
Otherwise, he alone couldn’t ensure her safety.
“Go there, my mood is not that good and I need something to vent on!”
If the pirates wanted to draw the ire of her gun, she would be happy to oblige!
Unfortunately, Xia Ye Zhao ignored her and had already changed direction, refusing to allow her, a fragile young lady, to take risks.noveldrama
“Brother Xia, what are you doing? You were supposed to head towards them, why did you change direction? If you keep this up, I’ll knock you out and take the pirates on myself.”
…
This was a cruise ship carrying tourists. Most of the people on board were tourists. Although there were many of them, no one dared to act rashly in the face of armed pirates. In the end, they handed over money or jewellery, feeling extremely humiliated. A few who tried to resist were shot and injured. In front of a weapon, it is not shameful to be submissive.
“Anyone who hasn’t handed over money yet, hand it over. Squat down, hold your heads high. If you don’t obey, you will end up like them, understood?”
A cocky pirate kicked a sailor lying on the deck. Although he was not dead, he was shot.
At this moment, the brutal pirates targeted an elegant middle-aged lady. He walked over to her impatiently, raising his gun: “Take off the pearl necklace around your neck and put it in the sack. Hurry up and don’t dawdle, otherwise…”
The affluent middle-aged woman couldn’t bear such humiliation. The lady of the Ye’s family was facing a gunpoint. She wouldn’t accept this, and her husband wouldn’t tolerate it!
Ye Baixiu, who had been dominating for many years, didn’t expect to run into such trouble while touring the world with his wife after retirement.
His cold, sharp eyes glared at the pirate, unable to suppress his rage. He wanted to fight against the pirates, but was stopped by his wife. Bai Peiluan cherished her pearl necklace, but she didn’t want her husband to take risks.
“I’ll remove it. Here, it’s yours. We have given you everything valuable. We have nothing else.”
After tossing the pearl necklace into the sack, Bai Peiluan pulled the rage-filled Ye Baixiu away: “Forget it, Baixiu, it’s just a pearl necklace. They have guns, let’s not resist. It’s not worth it if we get hurt.”
###Chapter 319: Ye Xingguang: Robbery!!!_1
“That was your fiftieth birthday gift I gave you!”
If he couldn’t even protect his wife’s birthday gift, then his life, Ye Baixiu, would have been in vain.
Just as he was speaking, a young man who refused to hand over his wedding ring was shot in the shoulder by an arrogant pirate next to him, startling Bai Peiluan to immediately hug Ye Baixiu.
“Forget it, forget it, I’ll buy you new ones later, a real man never suffers in the immediate.”
At that moment, a pirate chief who had been silently smoking on the side noticed the stern and cold Ye Baixiu, watched him for a while, and then threw down his cigarette, striding over to him.
Followed closely by his subordinates, one of them immediately shoved a gun muzzle to Ye Baixiu’s forehead, and said, “Bold one, dare to glare at our boss, kneel down!”
Ye Baixiu radiated a bone-chilling aura, protecting Bai Peiluan behind him with one hand. He was a Ye’s family. He would never lose his pride.
Seeing that Ye Baixiu stood still, the pirate sneered, “You don’t cry until you see the coffin, seeking death!”
Finished speaking, he was about to pull the trigger.
Bai Peiluan was so scared that her heart almost jumped out of her chest.
“Little You, mind your manners, do you know who this is?” The pirate chief had already recognized Ye Baixiu.
But the pirate named Little You didn’t recognize him and curiously asked, “Boss, who is he?”
“Father of Ye Junqing and Ye Shiting, we really have a big catch today.” The pirate chief laughed loudly.
Then he raised his hand: “Mr. and Mrs. Ye, please accompany us. We will let your sons pay a ransom for your lives. Tell me, how much do you think the parents of Ye Shiting and Ye Junqing are worth?”
The last question was directed at the henchmen surrounding him.
Immediately, all the pirates began to make a racket: “It must be a sky-high price, we are really lucky today.”
After they had finished speaking, several pirates with guns came over and pointed at Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan, saying, “Please.”
Just as Ye Baixiu was about to retaliate, Bai Peiluan held him tightly and said, “Don’t be angry, we should go with them. They just want money, not our lives. They wouldn’t dare to harm us, otherwise, even if they fled to the ends of the earth, Junqing and Shiting won’t let them go. We shouldn’t overestimate ourselves.”
“Mrs. Ye really is wise.”
The pirate chief laughed confidently, “Everyone heard that, if Mr. and Mrs. Ye even lost a hair, Ye Shiting and Ye Junqing wouldn’t let us go even if we fled to the ends of the earth, so, treat them with care, don’t hurt them.”
The pirates all laughed cautiously, “Yes, boss, we’ll definitely take good care of Mr. and Mrs. Ye, aiming to make a big haul.”
Hearing the pirates brazenly challenge them, Ye Baixiu was so angry he felt like his lungs were about to explode!
But his wife was holding him tight, not letting him make a move!
Facing those dozens of guns, Ye Baixiu was not afraid of death, but he was afraid of his wife being hurt. He could die, it didn’t matter, but if his wife was even slightly hurt, being a ghost Ye Baixiu would never forgive himself. In the end, he boarded the pirate’s speedboat, utterly furious.
The pirates returned fully loaded, not only gathering countless gold and silver but also capturing two big fish, cheering happily.
Just then, a small cruise ship moved in. A girl stood alone on the bow, hands behind her back, shouting loudly, “This is a robbery. Give me all the people and valuable things on your ship!”noveldrama
That voice…was simply unimaginable…
All the pirates looked at each other in disbelief. Someone wanted to rob the pirates, and that someone was a frail-looking woman?
###Chapter 320: Arrogant Woman_1
A pirate nonchalantly slung his gun over his shoulder, a cigarette hanging from his mouth. He squinted at Ye Xingguang who was on the small yacht, took two puffs and spat the cigarette butt into the sea. He threw back his head and guffawed, “Brothers, what did you hear just now?”
“Haha, she said she was going to rob us!”
A few bandits on the speeding boats rolled with laughter.noveldrama
Then, the direction of the speedboat shifted. In no time at all, seven or eight speedboats had surrounded Ye Xingguang’s yacht in a rapid ballet.
All the pirates were whistling, causing a ruckus. It was pandemonium.
“Who would’ve guessed that not only did we hijack two big fish today, but we also encountered a stunning beauty who wants to rob us!”
“Brothers, we’re in luck today. This girl is a sight for sore eyes. If we take her back for our boss as his bride, we’d not be doing him a disservice. Boss, wouldn’t you agree?”
The leader of the pirates wore a vintage hat. He adjusted the brim slightly, toying with his chin in silence, a smile playing on his lips.
“Heh …” Ye Xingguang simply smiled silently.
However, her nonchalant smile amidst being surrounded by a group of pirates, as though looking down on a bunch of ants, hit a nerve among the pirates.
A pirate muttered, “Damn!” and steered his speedboat closer to Ye Xingguang’s yacht, saying, “Boss, let me bring this pretty little thing to you. Have your fill of fun!”
The pirate leader could tell Ye Xingguang’s laugh was laced with contempt and derision. He didn’t stop his henchman, already plotting how to enjoy this unexpected joy when she was captured and brought before him.
But before the pirate on the speedboat could board Ye Xingguang’s yacht, she lifted her leg and with one swift kick, sent him splashing into the sea.
However, the rest of pirates didn’t show any signs of surprise, instead laughing uproariously.
“Assa, haha, what a wimp! I have heard of men being kicked out of bed by women, but never a man being kicked off a ship by a woman. Hahaha, I’m dying of laughter!”
“Brother, you’re no match. Let me do it.”
Another pirate on the same speedboat leered at Ye Xingguang’s exquisite face, rubbing his hands together in eager anticipation as he chuckled and drooled.
Bai Peiluan, standing on another boat, couldn’t help but be nervous for Ye Xingguang. This girl was a pirate? A lone girl dared to challenge so many armed pirates – was it sheer audacity or foolish courage?
At that moment, another pirate, learning from his companion’s case, tried to avoid Ye Xingguang’s leg, attempting to seize her arm. But Ye Xingguang had lightning reflexes and an even faster kick. She raised her leg once again, tossing another pirate into the sea.
The pirates were laughing their heads off and no one took this incident seriously. It was just a little girl after all. Could a bit of martial arts skill overpower fifty or sixty of them? If that was true, they might as well just give up being pirates!
Amidst their jeers, the remaining pirates on the speedboat moved in together.
Kicking one person off was easy. Kicking off several at once, Ye Xingguang was no superwoman. But she was unruffled. She allowed the pirates to board her yacht and then dealt with them all at once.
She moved so fast that the pirates on other speedboats, who were watching the show, hadn’t even figured out what happened when their comrades were tossed into the sea like sacks of sand by Ye Xingguang. Suddenly, no one was laughing.
However, they had guns. How could they be afraid of one girl? That would be too ridiculous. Someone raised his gun from a distance, aiming at Ye Xingguang: “Seems like our pretty lady has got some skills! Now, this is fun! Don’t move, or else … it won’t be good for your health.”
###Chapter 321: Now, Who’s Life is in Danger? _1
Ye Xingguang still stood alone at the bow of the ship, her long hair fluttering in the sea breeze. Her stunningly beautiful features had everyone mesmerized.
Despite confronting distant gun barrels, she remained composed and grounded. With her hands casually tucked into the pockets of her jeans, she laughed, “Are you sure it’s my life hanging in the balance?”
With that said, she suddenly broke into song.
It was a melody higher than those she sang at the presidential banquet, a tune unbeknown to the pirates, her voice lingering in the distance.
The pirates did not interrupt her singing, instead, they listened with intense interest. What a surprise, this girl was not only exceptionally beautiful and agile, but her voice was also enchanting to the point it made one’s ears prick up. What type of celestial treasure was she?
Suddenly, their desire to capture her intensified even more!
“Such a treasure must belong to me,” mumbled the pirate leader to himself.
However, danger struck in an instant. No one had noticed any danger beforehand, until the calm sea suddenly waved, as if something was rapidly approaching them.
The pirates, having spent a long time on the sea, sensed something beneath the waves. Immediately, they all became alert.noveldrama
Moreover, whatever it was, seemed to be getting closer, and closer…
The sensitive and vigilant pirates raised their guns, staring intensely at the seemingly calm but actually turbulent sea.
Someone queried, “Did you feel that? What is it?”
Everyone held their breath until Ye Xingguang’s high-pitched singing abruptly stopped. The pirates surrounding Ye Xingguang’s yacht were now completely encircled by a group of sharks swimming over from an unknown location.
“Damn it, it’s sharks!”
Unknown who, but someone first spotted the sharks emerging from the water.
Then came the successive cries of terror.
“We’ve been targeted by a school of sharks!”
Somebody tried to shoot, but was stopped by a companion.
“Don’t shoot! Be careful not to provoke the sharks.”
Someone surveyed the surroundings, counting. The number of sharks was more than their crew. Suddenly, everyone couldn’t help but break out in a cold sweat.
What rotten luck it was to encounter a school of sharks today.
Out of everybody, only Ye Xingguang – situated at the center of the encirclement – laughed lazily, “Now, whose life is hanging in the balance?”
“Damn! What does she mean? Did she summon these sharks?”
“Could it be… her singing just now!”
“Don’t tell us that these sharks came because you summoned them with your singing. Sharks listen to you? Girl, don’t talk nonsense. We won’t believe you!”
“Let’s give it a try then. If you don’t hand over the people and money today, see if you can leave here alive!” Ye Xingguang maintained a relaxed tone.
But this casualness made her, an enchanting beauty, appear like a pirate matriarch!
She was just too brazen!
“Brothers, don’t believe her. Whom is she trying to deceive? It just so happens we’ve encountered a school of sharks. It has nothing to do with her!”
But before the pirate could finish his sentence, Ye Xingguang began to sing again. This time, she sang a melody unbeknown to the pirates. Suddenly, all the sharks that had their eyes fixed on the pirates started to stir. They swarmed around the pirates’ speedboats, circling menacingly in the water.
The speedboat, with the pirate who just spoke, was suddenly attacked by several sharks.
###Chapter 322: My Queen, Please Accept My Kneel!_1
The speedboat could not withstand the force of the shark attack and immediately flipped over, throwing the pirates on board into the water. Terrified, they desperately tried to swim to other speedboats. But the sharks were faster, opening their bloodied mouths eagerly to bite the fallen pirates!
The scene caused all the pirates on the other speedboats to have their hair standing on end. Suddenly, all the pirates pointed their guns at the sharks attacking their comrades and fired a volley of shots.
Bai Peiluan screamed in fear, and Ye Baixiu immediately pulled his wife into his arms, covering her eyes with his hand, comforting her, “Don’t be afraid…”
But even Ye Baixiu himself was uncertain. If the sharks capsized their speedboat, could he ensure his wife’s safety?
At that moment, the gunfire did not deter the shark attack but instead provoked the swarm of sharks. The sharks crazily attacked the speedboats, the situation was so intense that everyone started to panic…
The only vessels that had not been attacked were the cruise ship where Ye Xingguang was and the speedboat where Ye Baixiu stood.
Seeing this, the pirate leader, who stood on the same boat as Ye Baixiu, had his eyes widened in disbelief. Even if it was unbelievable, he was now sure that the beautiful woman could indeed control the swarm of sharks.
What… what kind of woman is this?
The pirate leader had a stunned look on his face. No longer underestimating the situation, he saw more and more of his men falling into the water, into the bloody jaws of the sharks. The pirate leader was wiping his cold sweat, “Stop, Queen, we can talk. We can negotiate!”
Ye Xingguang coldly scoffed, “Now, you are willing to talk?”
“Yes, absolutely yes!” The pirate leader did not want to lose all his men that day.
Some pirates fall to their knees on the speedboat, in full fear after witnessing their fellow comrade being bitten by a shark, “Queen, Queen, we were ignorant… Please instruct the sharks to stop. Please don’t hurt my brother. The one bitten by the shark is my brother! Please make it stop!”
Ye Xingguang stood with her hands back, hummed a melody when she heard this, and all the ferocious sharks stopped their attack immediately.
Discontented sharks wanted to gulp down the food that was already in their mouths, but they could not resist the powerful pressure of Ye Xingguang’s melody. Reluctantly, they spit their intended meal out.
The expelled pirate, who had luckily not had his leg bitten off and only sustained minor injuries, swam back to the speedboat. After being pulled up by his comrades, this near-death experience scared the urine out of him.
“Thank… thank… thank you, Queen!” He continued to express his gratitude.
Ye Xingguang waved her hand, standing on the yacht, looking down on all the terrified pirates and coldly huffed, “Are you ready to hand over the people and the money now?”
“Yes, yes, yes, we’ll hand over all people and money to you.”noveldrama
At this point, all of the pirates were experiencing complicated emotions. They never thought that a group of thugs like them would be cornered by a woman. Unbelievably, they did not want to resist; instead, they wanted to pledge allegiance to her and make her their new pirate leader.
With this woman’s ability to control sharks, they could literally do whatever they pleased on the sea from now on!
Some even openly defected, “Queen, please accept my obeisance. From now on, you are my boss. I will follow you, ready to serve at the forefront for you. I’m even willing to sacrifice myself for you! Would you consider this?”
###Chapter 323: – Madness, It’s just one word! _1
Normally, the pirate leader would have changed his face upon hearing of a mutiny among his crew, but at the moment, he didn’t want to show any drastic reactions, he wanted this woman’s heart and that hadn’t changed, but his intentions shifted from wanting to possess her to wanting to be possessed by her.
Ye Xingguang raised an eyebrow as she gave it a moment’s thought, then broke into a smile: “Alright, just wait until you wipe out all other pirates and become the strongest pirate team. Then, come beg at my feet!”
Having said that, Ye Xingguang added one more sentence: “As for now, you’re not even worthy of being at my feet!”noveldrama
Wild, that’s the word!
Nevertheless, none of the pirates present found anything wrong with her audacity.
“Throw all the valuable items you’ve pillaged onto the speedboat where your leader is. Then disappear from my sight within a minute or else you’ll become lunch for my pets!”
At her command, other pirates on the speedboats started to throw sacks of valuables onto the speedboat where their leader stood, who was already jumping onto another speedboat.
In the end, there was only Ye Baixiu, Bai Peiluan, and piles of loot left on that speedboat.
Ye Xingguang then burst into song again.
The pirates shuddered at the sound of her singing. Although it was a beautiful melody, it was a harbinger of death. Who knew what orders the Queen was giving to those sharks eyeing them with a predatory glare?
“Scoot, my pets will escort you!”
At Ye Xingguang’s words, the pirates felt their scalps tingle. Escort?
Are they sure it’s escort, not keep a close watch on them?
But the pirates didn’t dare to rebel, and they were reluctant to leave.
“Miss, if we become the most powerful pirate team, how can we get in touch with you? Would you mind leaving your name and contact details? A phone number would suffice.”
“When you have eliminated all other pirates, I’ll naturally hear about it and look you up! Now get lost!”
Depressed…
Unwilling…
Unable to rebel…
The pirates were forced to leave but all made silent vows in their hearts that they would eliminate all other pirates and prove their worth to be her henchmen with their own strength.
The pirate leader made a fervent vow in his heart too. He swore he would become the strongest pirate to deserve this supreme woman who could control sharks!
Ye Xingguang didn’t realize that her simple plan to have the pirates turn on each other had led to the unexpected consequence of gaining a group of admirers.
When the pirates’ speedboats had slowly disappeared from her sight, only then did Ye Xingguang turn her gaze to the last speedboat.
Ye Baixiu was staring at Ye Xingguang, wondering how she was planning to deal with them?
Ye Xingguang transformed from her previous tough image back into a girl-next-door, waving at Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan from her yacht.
“Uncle, Auntie, it must have been a shock to you. They shouldn’t be back. You can still catch up with the cruise ship.”
A surprised look played over Ye Baixiu’s stern face: “Are you really going to let us go, even giving up these?”
Ye Baixiu pointed to the sacks on the boat.
“Could you please return these items to their rightful owners, uncle? I’ll be off then.”
She then turned around, took a step, and walked towards the yacht’s cockpit.
“Wait.” Ye Baixiu standing on the speedboat, stopped her.
Ye Xingguang turned back: “Yes, uncle?”
By now, Ye Baixiu was completely convinced that this girl hadn’t been trying to set a trap, but sincerely saved them.
Ye Baixiu bowed: “We can’t thank you enough for your help today, may we have your name so we can properly thank you someday.”
###Chapter 324: His Name is Qin Junye_1
Ye Xingguang clicked her tongue, “No need. I helped you because someone once saved me when I was in trouble. I just want him to know that I’ve passed on his kindness to others, and I hope that if ever you see someone in trouble, you’d lend a hand and continue passing on this kindness.”
Ye Baixiu said, “At least leave us a name.”
Ye Xingguang, not willing to reveal her identity since she wasn’t wearing any makeup today, replied, “If you really want to remember someone, remember the name of my benefactor. His name is Qin Junye!”
Having said that, Ye Xingguang waved her hand, didn’t linger any longer, and with a bold stride, returned to her cabin.
Then, she drove the yacht, continuing to sail back to T City.
Her gaze fell on Xia Ye Zhao, who sat on a chair beside her. She stuck out her tongue apologetically, “Sorry, big brother. In the heat of the moment, I had to knock you out. Who told you to doubt that I could handle a bunch of thugs?”
Watching the departing yacht, Ye Baixiu’s eyes were full of admiration. This was the first time in his long life he had seen someone who could command sharks, and do so with such gallantry.
Bai Peiluan, clinging to her husband, was still in shock by the recent threat to their lives. The sight of the blood on the sea was still terrifying to her.
“That girl saved our lives, and we don’t even know her name. We could at least ask for a phone number.”
Ye Baixiu said, “If she’s unwilling to tell even her name, let alone her phone number. But thankfully she mentioned her benefactor’s name. Don’t worry, we’ll start with investigating her benefactor, Qin Junye. I will remember this name.”
…
On the other hand, Xia Ye Zhao had just regained his consciousness as the yacht was nearing T City.
He rubbed his painful neck and helplessly watched Ye Xingguang, who was humming a song while steering the yacht, “Little sis, you…”
“Brother Xia, I’m sorry, are you okay? We’ll reach T City soon.”
“Did you show off your strength afterwards?”
Ye Xingguang winked playfully, “Of course not, I just had a sudden impulse and after knocking you out, I suddenly calmed down. I fled in the boat faster than anyone else could. Don’t worry, Brother Xia.”
“Are you really telling the truth?”
“Absolutely, how could a frail little girl like me, who can’t even kill a chicken, survive if I had? The thugs all had guns. I was so scared!”
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t know whether to believe her or not. After all, she could easily beat all their bodyguards at home with her ‘softness’…
He didn’t mind saving people, but he had to consider his own abilities first. If he had his armed bodyguards with him, he would have definitely not stopped her. But it was just the two of them…
Just as the yacht was nearing the dock, Xia Ye Zhao’s phone finally got a signal. Countless missed calls and message alerts filled his silent phone, making it burst into activity.
After the phone settled down, he opened it to find the internet filled with “suggestive photos” of him and his little sister.
Xia Ye Zhao skimmed through and found it ridiculous, the intimate relationship between siblings had been mistaken for a romantic relationship, utterly absurd.
He showed the photos on his phone to Ye Xingguang, laughing helplessly, “We were photographed, Qiongqiong. Are you still not willing to admit you are my sister? If so, I’m afraid our rumoured affair will become a reality.”
“What?”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang snatched the phone, looked at the photos, and stomped her foot in anger. As fellow journalists, how could their professionalism differ so much?
What should she do now?
Would the big tumor go crazy when he sees these pictures?
###Chapter 325: No matter how late, she always has a regret pill! _1
Ye Xingguang immediately powered on her phone, only to find herself in the same situation as Xia Ye Zhao, with notifications dinging ceaselessly. When they finally stopped, she noticed five missed calls from Big Tumor.
Ye Xingguang immediately dialed back, not caring that it was already five thirty in the morning.
The phone rang for a while.
“Where on earth have you been?” Ye Junqing’s husky voice, raspy from sleep yet still tinged with a mighty anger, came through the phone. “Are you calling me back only now? Didn’t you learn anything from the last time you wrote me an apology?”
“I’m sorry. I only just saw your calls. It’s not what you think. Don’t trust the picture,” she hurriedly explained.noveldrama
Hearing her rush to explain, Ye Junqing was even angrier. He almost spat out, “Seems like you haven’t learned your lesson after writing that apology last time. Write it a hundred times and only then call me!”
Having said that, Ye Junqing abruptly ended the call.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
So was he blaming her for not trusting him, or for making him a cuckold?
After hanging up the phone, Ye Junqing called Xia Ye Zhao and simply said, “Your sister, Xia Yanyan, has submitted a marriage application in my name. Please tell her, if she dreams of marrying me, she should stop daydreaming!”
Xia Ye Zhao was shocked: “What? Yanyan filled out a marriage application with your name on it? What is she up to?”
Xia Yanyan knew that Ye Junqing disliked her, she knew that Ye Junqing already had an official partner, but she dared to put Ye Junqing’s name on the marriage application. Ye Junqing was her brother-in-law!
Ye Xingguang, who was standing nearby, nearly got struck by lightning at hearing Xia Ye Zhao’s words!
Even though she suspected that Xia Yanyan wouldn’t let things go, hearing those words still left her stunned. What could she do now?
Ye Junqing’s tone was as deep as a murky pool: “You should ask your sister what she is up to. And keep your distance from my woman. I will arrange for Father Xia to get medical treatment in the capital. There’s no need for an outsider like you to help her.”
With that said, Ye Junqing hung up the call.
Ye Xingguang, standing nearby, felt her mind in turmoil, thinking about Xia Yanyan’s privileged position.
Last time, she had attempted to ask the President for favours, but he could not help her. In order to stop being selected, they had to get married. But it was too late to apply for a marriage license now, right?
Even if it was late, she had a Plan B!
As long as she could hold on until next month, she could make a Plan B pill. By the time she took a Plan B pill, she could go back to before Xia Yanyan submitted the application and register for marriage with Big Tumor. That way, all of Xia Yanyan’s scheming would be for naught.
What she was worried about was not Xia Yanyan, but whether Big Tumor would marry her!
It annoyed her, they were still far from reaching a stage where they could marry.
After being hung up on, Xia Ye Zhao scrolled through his contact list and quickly called Xia Yanyan.
After several attempts, the call finally went through. Yawns and annoyed complaints flowed from the other end: “Brother, what do you want at this ungodly hour, you’re ruining my beauty sleep.”
Containing his anger, Xia Ye Zhao asked, “Did you really put Ye Junqing’s name on your marriage application?”
Xia Yanyan chuckled, “Brother, you got the news quite fast. Yes, I put his name there.”
“Yanyan, do you know what you are up to? You should know clearly Ye Junqing’s attitude toward you. He doesn’t love you, so withdraw the marriage application immediately.”
###Chapter 326: Steal My Man, Don’t Even Think About It In Your Next Life! _1
Xia Yanyan, through the phone, happily stated, “I trust in the power of the law of attraction. Ye Xingguang initially pushed away Master Ye, saying there was no chance of feelings developing over time. But in the end, for Ye Xingguang’s sake, he slapped our Xia family in the face. When I marry him and enough time passes, he will treat me the same, defending me against anyone who dares to bully me.”
“Snap back to reality! If you’re not awake yet, then go wash your face. As a man, I understand Master Ye very well. There’s no law of attraction between the two of you. If he had even the slightest interest for you, your arranged marriage wouldn’t still be stagnant after half a year. And regarding Xia…”
Xia Ye Zhao’s words were abruptly cut off by Xia Yanyan, “So what? Even if I can’t capture his heart, I will have him! If he could bring Ye Xingguang back home for the President’s election, then for the same election he could also let her go. Because, if he dares to refuse, then Ye Shiting’s path to the presidency will be destroyed!”
With that said, Xia Yanyan immediately hung up the phone.
Standing by the side with good hearing, Ye Xingguang listened to every word Xia Yanyan said, getting angrier by the minute!
Xia Ye Zhao furrowed his brows, “Qiongqiong, calm down, let me handle this.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang with a cold expression replied, “Brother Xia, how do you plan to handle this? Tell your sister I’m Xia Qiongqiong? Do you think if you tell her I’m Xia Qiongqiong, she will stop trying to get my man? Do you think it’s possible with the kind of person she is? Besides, I’m not Xia Qiongqiong! I also advise you to never dare to tell anyone that I am Xia Qiongqiong. If you do, we’re done.”
Xia Ye Zhao looked at her, “Are you just unwilling to admit it?”
“Correct, I’m not, if Qiongqiong were still alive today, she would not want anything to do with the Xia family. So, please, respect her wishes. And, when you go back, inform Xia Yanyan for me, not even in her next life should she dream about getting with my man!”
When the boat docked at the pier, Ye Xingguang, filled with anger jumped off the boat and headed back to the hospital.
As soon as she arrived at the hospital and entered the elevator, she overheard two young nurses gawking at her with disdain.
Ye Xingguang took a deep breath, telling herself to calm down.
Reaching the fifth floor, she was the first one to step out of the elevator, quickly walking towards her father’s ward.
However, the two nurses trailed behind her, gossiping:
“Who would have thought that the two-timing Ye Xingguang would still dare to come to the hospital with her lover. Such nerve.”
“Right? Master Ye is so good to her. He personally brought a team of specialists to treat her father. Then, just as Master Ye stepped out, she cheated on him, clinging to Xia Ye Zhao. Despicable! I was even a fan of hers on my microblog. What a foolish mistake!”
Chang Danran emerged from the doctor’s office just in time to overhear the nurses’ gossip, “What are you two discussing?”
“Doctor Chang.”
“Doctor Chang.”
Chang Danran, seeing Ye Xingguang and Xia Ye Zhao walk into the ward, furrowed his brows, “Stop talking nonsense, they are boyfriend and girlfriend.”
“What boyfriend and girlfriend? Ye Xingguang is clearly Master Ye’s official partner. Now she’s messing with Xia Ye Zhao, such a woman should be put in jail!” One nurse indignantly defended Master Ye.
“Exactly, I saw with my own eyes, Master Ye personally bringing a team of experts from the capital, after a tiresome journey to treat her father. And she spent the entire night being comforted by him in the hallway. As soon as Master Ye left, she was entangled with Xia Ye Zhao. Her moral integrity is too poor!”
###Chapter 327: She is My Long-lost Younger Sister_1 
Chang Danran was taken aback. The specialist from the capital, wasn’t he invited by Xia Ye Zhao for Miss Ye? 
In the morning, after checking the ward, Chang Danran met Xia Ye Zhao, who was coming back from buying breakfast, at the door of the ward. As she passed by, she couldn’t help but remind him, “Watch your actions, or you’ll only harm Miss Ye.” 
Having said that, she was about to leave. 
Xia Ye Zhao grabbed her wrist and glared at her, “What do you mean by this?” 
Chang Danran lowered her voice, “You know what I mean. Don’t hurt Miss Ye, she’s a good person, don’t ruin her!” 
Xia Ye Zhao: “…” 
So, she, like everyone else, misunderstood his relationship with his younger sister? 
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t go back to the ward directly. Holding her wrist, he pushed open the door of the doctor’s dressing room and pushed her inside. 
Chang Danran gasped, “What are you doing?” 
“What am I doing? I’d like to ask you – why are you so concerned about me? Are you still missing me?” Xia Ye Zhao stared at her intently. Seeing her avoid his gaze, he pinned her against the wall, holding her chin with two fingers and forcing her to look up. 
As their eyes met, Chang Danran’s heart fluttered. 
She fluttered her eyelashes twice, swiftly knocked Xia Ye Zhao’s hand away, and said reproachfully, “Xia Ye Zhao, you’re overthinking. If I were still missing you, I wouldn’t have broken up with you in the first place. Let go of me.” 
“Perhaps you realized after the breakup that I’m better than your husband, and now you regret it. Otherwise, why would you care about what I’m doing?” Under Xia Ye Zhao’s calm facade was a heart filled with turbulent emotions. 
“I care because you’re the family of my patient!” 
Xia Ye Zhao was silent. The lengthy pause made Chang Danran uneasy, and she wasn’t sure whether her words sounded bitter or harsh. “Now that pictures of the two of you are all over the internet, even our hospital’s nurses are gossiping about you. If you really like Miss Ye, you should keep your distance from her now. Otherwise, you’ll only cast her into the whirlpool of public opinion. You have no idea how damaging public opinion can be to a woman.” 
Having said that, she forcefully pushed him away, opened the door of the dressing room, and was about to leave. 
“It’s not what you think.” Xia Ye Zhao’s hand, with a thud, landed on the back of the door. 
Chang Danran didn’t want to hear his excuses. She knocked his hand away, pushed open the door, and heard him say from behind, “She is the little sister I mentioned to you, the one I’ve been looking for for years.” 
Chang Danran: “…” 
“I’ve just found her.” 
Chang Danran was taken aback, “So, when you said you considered yourself as Miss Ye’s father’s half-son?” noveldrama
Xia Ye Zhao’s face darkened, “Is there a problem? He saved my sister and brought her up. I owe him a debt of gratitude and consider myself his half-son to repay him. What’s wrong with that?” 
So, this was what he meant by half-son? 
Suddenly, Chang Danran realized that all along, she had misunderstood. Her expression was slightly embarrassed. 
“Dr. Chang, you’re here. I’ve been looking for you. I want to arrange for my father’s transfer, can you help me with that?” 
Ye Xingguang had been looking for her for a while. Finally, he found Chang Danran in the doorway of the doctor’s changing room. Then, he saw his elder brother who was holding Chang Danran’s wrist behind her. 
“Uh, if you two have something to discuss, I can come back later to find Dr. Chang.” 
“No problem. I’ll go and start the transfer process for you now.” 
Even Chang Danran herself didn’t notice her voice had become much softer, “Where do you want to transfer your father to?” 
“The capital. As soon as the discharge procedure is completed, we will leave. There’s a team of specialists from the capital who will accompany us, they can take care of my father on the way.” 
Now that there was someone trying to steal her man, she had to go back to the capital and show Xia Yanyan what wishful thinking really was!
###Chapter 328: How Do You Plan to Clear Up Your Photos with Xia Ye Zhao? _1 
Upon hearing this, Chang Danran thought to herself, so, Xia Ye Zhao is also returning to the imperial capital? 
Feeling somewhat despondent, Chang Danran proceeded to handle the discharge procedures. 
Once Ye Xingguang had finished the discharge procedures and had her father in the car, Bo Jingyu arrived upon hearing the news. 
He and Chang Danran said their goodbyes in the parking lot, and communicated some details about Song Chuanqi’s follow-up treatment with the medical team from the imperial capital. 
Xia Ye Zhao’s gaze fell on Chang Danran, standing shoulder to shoulder with Bo Jingyu, his feelings were complex. 
Chang Danran’s gaze also uncontrollably drifted onto Xia Ye Zhao. Her feelings were a mess, for it would be difficult to see him again after his departure, wouldn’t it? 
Yet, even if they could meet again, what would it matter? They had broken up five years ago, and the only outcome in the future would be mutual forgetfulness amidst life’s bustling events. 
“Doctor Bo, thank you for coming to see off my father. If the artificial kidney is successfully developed, please call me.” 
Bo Jingyu patted Ye Xingguang’s shoulder: “Don’t worry, your father is still my patient. I will always follow up on his condition.” 
Ye Xingguang nodded then got into the car. Seeing her brother still standing outside the car, the air around him cool, Ye Xingguang urged, “Brother Xia.” 
Xia Ye Zhao responded, then before getting into the car, he suddenly lowered his voice and said to Bo Jingyu, “Take good care of her, or else, I won’t let you off.” 
Bo Jingyu: “…” 
After the convoy had left, Bo Jingyu looked down at Chang Danran, whose heart had already left with the car and asked, “Didn’t you tell him that we are a marriage of convenience? That we cleverly combined this situation to avoid having both of us take part in the marital lottery draw at the civil affairs bureau?” 
Chang Danran looked gloomy: “Why should I tell him? Are you saying, that despite no outcomes five years ago, we could have outcomes after another five years?” 
Bo Jingyu left her with a comment: “Then collect the heart that drifted away with the car, let’s try and see if we can turn this false play into reality.” 
Chang Danran: “…” 
She touched her own heart but found she couldn’t pull it back. Five long years had passed, and she had made no progress at all. 
… 
Ye Xingguang and the others took a private plane and arrived at the imperial capital. noveldrama
There was a convoy waiting as soon as they disembarked the aircraft. 
They went directly to the best hospital in the imperial capital and were arranged in a small villa recovery area of the hospital. 
The small villa was even quieter than the VIP ward building, hardly affected by external disturbances, making it highly suitable for recovery in their current situation. 
No sooner had they settled their father, Ye Junqing rushed over. 
They met in the villa living room. 
Though they had not seen each other for only four days, when their eyes met once again, it felt like they had been apart for an eternity. 
However, as soon as they met, Ye Junqing promptly put on a stern face, “Have you completed your one hundred times self-review yet?” 
“You still have the mood to ask this?” Ye Xingguang wanted to roll her eyes. 
Ye Junqing was not easy to deal with. When he was persistent, he became overbearing: “If you haven’t finished writing, after dinner, you shall diligently write it.” 
“I can’t be bothered with you.” Ye Xingguang turned to leave for her father’s hospital room, in a huff. After a hectic day, she was now both hungry and tired. 
Fortunately, not only were there medical staff in the small villa, but also nurses to take care of them and a chef. The chef was at that moment preparing dinner for them in the kitchen. Ye Junqing’s arrangements were impeccable. 
However, thinking of Xia Yanyan’s marriage application, her brow was clouded with darkness. 
Ye Junqing forcefully held her wrist, not allowing her to leave. Being away from her for a few days felt like years; he hadn’t seen her for four days, and all he wanted this moment was to be with her. 
With her wrist being held, Ye Xingguang grumbled, “What are you doing?” 
Ye Junqing lowered his gaze, his eyes deep as he sought her opinion, “What do you plan to do to clear up the photos of you and Xia Ye Zhao?”
###Chapter 329: You Don’t Even Know Chang Danran Gave Birth to Your Son? _1
How to clear this up, she hadn’t figured out yet.
Xia Ye Zhao stepped out of the ward, having heard Ye Jun Qing’s words, “I’ve already decided to hold a press conference, and tell everyone that she’s my sister. Then everything will clear up.”
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat, then Ye Jun Qing coldly sniggered, “Ha, you’re going to hold a press conference to announce her lineage, have you even considered whether she’d want anything to do with your rotten-to-the-core kin?”
Xia Ye Zhao was left speechless by Ye Junqing’s words, he paused for a bit, then whispered, “But Qiongqiong, she’s my sister after all. If we don’t clear this up, then your future…”
“You don’t need to be worrying for us!” Ye Jun Qing coldly snapped, his aura intimidating. “My woman only has one pair of parents — in the sickroom, Mr. Song Chuanqi and Ms. Bai Lanwu, and she doesn’t have any other blood relatives! So, you better not make any decisions!”
If before, Qiongqiong adamantly refused to return to the Xia’s family, then he, Ye Jun Qing, certainly won’t force her!
Besides, after her lineage was publicized, she was used as a trophy by her parents of the Xia’s family, and was morally kidnapped by them. This, remembered by Ye Jun Qing, filled him with endless regret!
“Ye Jun Qing!” Xia Ye Zhao raised his voice, gripping onto Ye Xingguang’s wrist, insisting, “She is my sister!”
Ye Jun Qing, pulling Ye Xingguang’s other wrist closer, contemptuously said, “So what? You, as a brother, have done nothing for her but cause her troubles! If it weren’t for you going to T City, she wouldn’t have been caught up in the media frenzy today. We’d be better off without a brother like you!”
Ye Jun Qing was fuming!
He regretted going to the Xia’s family that morning, asking for a ten percent share, that hint, made Xia Ye Zhao guess her identity!
The two men glared at each other, the silent flames of war spreading in the living room.
Ye Xingguang, who was caught in between the two men, glanced at Xia Ye Zhao, then at Ye Junqing. She was completely confused.
Their conversation seemed a bit off, didn’t it?
It was one thing for her brother to know, but why was that big tumor acting like he knew she was Xia Qiongqiong?
Did that big tumor know that she was Xia Ye Zhao’s sister?
How could that be possible?
Could it be that her brother told that big tumor?
She badly wanted to facepalm and let out a whisper, “Um, I’m really not Xia Qiongqiong…”
“Shut up!” both Ye Jun Qing and Xia Ye Zhao snapped at the same time.
Ye Xingguang really wanted to shut up, but shouldn’t she be the one with the most say in this matter?
Ye Xingguang said, “Brother Xia, I’m genuinely not Xia Qiongqiong, and I won’t become Xia Qiongqiong, so please give up on this idea. Even if you hold a press conference, I will not acknowledge it. As for the photos that leaked online, if they can’t be cleared up, then let them be. Those who are clean aren’t afraid.”
Ye Jun Qing pried away Xia Ye Zhao’s hand, then pulled Ye Xingguang into his arms, throwing another bombshell at Xia Ye Zhao, “You heard her. Instead of causing troubles for my woman here, you might as well go and find your son. Which one is more important to you, your sister or your wife and kid, weigh it in your heart!”
Actually, Ye Jun Qing didn’t want to reveal it, but if this big brother-in-law continued to mess with his woman, his horns wouldn’t just be glowing green!noveldrama
“What did you say?” Xia Yezhao appeared dazed.
“What I said, don’t tell me you went to T City and came back empty-handed, not even knowing about the son Chang Danran gave you?”
###Chapter 330: Night Monarch is capable of doing anything!_1
With a buzz, Xia Ye Zhao’s head exploded.
Looking at Xia Ye Zhao’s face, Ye Junqing felt immense sympathy, but had no intention of being kind, he continued to taunt: “Your own son, now calling someone else dad, Xia Ye Zhao, if I were you, I’d go back to T city right now and bring your wife and son back! ”
Xia Ye Zhao’s expression was one of utter astonishment, followed by anger: “Ye Junqing, you better explain what you’re saying!”
“What do you want me to clarify? Isn’t it clear enough? If it’s still not clear, go to T city, find a child named Xiao Man, get a paternity test, do it now, and stop sticking around my woman, you annoy me just by being here! ”
After saying this, Ye Junqing ignored Xia Ye Zhao; he believed any man, upon hearing this news, wouldn’t be able to stay put. As long as he could get rid of his brother-in-law, Ye Junqing was willing to do anything!
Indeed, Xia Ye Zhao couldn’t sit still any longer and immediately took out his phone, wanting to call Chang Danran.
But before he could make the call, he suddenly put his phone away, stood up, and walked straight out.
Ye Xingguang was stunned. Dr. Chang actually had a son for her brother, and her brother didn’t know about it?
How did that malignant tumor find out?
Ye Xingguang looked at Ye Junqing in awe: “How did you know that Teacher Chang had a son for Big Brother Xia?”
“Purely accidental.” Ye Junqing didn’t want to talk about Xia Ye Zhao now.
But Ye Xingguang wanted to talk about it; her head was full of gossip about her brother: “Hurry up and tell me, how did you find out?”
Should he tell her that he posed as a rideshare driver when she was taking her college entrance exam?
Ye Junqing lifted his hand, stroking her loose hair and gazing at her face full of curiosity, he chuckled: “Shouldn’t you be more concerned now about how I’m taking the news of being cuckolded, and how you intend to soothe my wounded heart?”noveldrama
“Since you believe I haven’t cuckolded you, then the innocent will clear themselves, I don’t care about public opinion, you first talk about Brother Xia’s son. So, Dr. Chang really had a son for Brother Xia, how old is he, is he cute, do you have a picture?”
Thinking she might have a nephew, Ye Xingguang was so excited, she wondered what her brother’s son looked like?
Ye Junqing sighed deeply. So, the matter of him being cuckolded wasn’t that important?
She was planning on letting him keep wearing that green hat?
This impudent woman!
Ye Junqing held her tightly in his arms, giving her a firm slap on her behind. It wasn’t painful, but the embarrassment caused Ye Xingguang’s face to turn a deep red. She looked up at him, complaining: “Why did you hit me?”
“A light tap is going easy on you. You should thank your lucky stars you’re not being disciplined!”
At his words, Ye Xingguang’s face reddened even more.
In fact, she’d rather be disciplined, right? Her head was burning, she should stop thinking about that.
Ye Xingguang licked her dry lips, not satisfied with being hit by him, she boldly pinched his waist: “Just tell me.”
Ye Junqing raised his handsome eyebrows. This little mermaid dared to pinch him?
“Five years ago, I accompanied a little brat to take the college entrance exam in T city. After her exam was finished, I sent her to a hospital in T city. By chance, I saw Chang Danran carrying a seriously ill infant into the hospital at the entrance. I took some interest and guessed that the baby might be Xia Ye Zhao’s son. Are you satisfied now?”
Who was this ‘little brat’? Why did his tone sound so fond?
###Chapter 331: What does he mean by that? _1
Ye Xingguang couldn’t conceal the displeasure in her voice: “Could it be your first girlfriend?”
Back at the movie theater, he described his first love as an insensitive scoundrel. Was it possible that his first love was from her same year taking the college entrance exam?
Ye Junqing caught a hint of jealousy in her tone, his feelings of being cuckolded suddenly were soothed. Lifting his eyelids, he glanced at her, “Jealous?”
Three casual words, but they carried a hint of a lazy smile.
Ye Xingguang kicked at him, unwilling to admit, “Who doesn’t have a past. Why would I be jelly about your stale, old vinegar? Anyway, I won’t talk anymore, I’m going to be with my dad.”
With that, Ye Xingguang walked into the sickroom.
Although it was a sickroom, it was cozier and more luxurious than a five-star hotel.
Ye Junqing followed her in, his voice sweet, polite and elegant: “Father, Mother, you must be tired from your journey. If it were not inconvenient to take care of you, I would not have had Xingguang bring you to the capital for treatment, but the medical conditions here are indeed better than T City.”
Song Chuanqi was lying in the sickbed and did not share the unease of ordinary people when they move into a luxury mansion, he just lightly nodded, “You are thoughtful.”
Bai Lanwu thought of the photo online, afraid her son-in-law would misunderstand: “Xiao Ye, things between Xingguang and Xia Xia are not how you imagine.”
“I know, Mother, I didn’t misunderstand. Xia Ye Zhao and I are close friends. Xia Ye Zhao told me that Xingguang is his sister, so I had asked Xia Ye Zhao to look after Xingguang. I trust them.”
Bai Lanwu relaxed upon hearing his words.
Standing nearby, Ye Xingguang heard Ye Junqing’s words and was struck with realization. So, that’s how it was?
Bai Lanwu said, “Xia Xia insisted that Xingguang is his sister. He probably made a mistake. Since you and Xia Xia are close friends, you should talk him out of this idea. We did indeed save his sister before, but she is no more now. I hope he stops pestering Xingguang.”
From his mother-in-law’s tone, it seemed she didn’t want Xia Xia to recognize his biological parents either. Ye Junqing understood his parents-in-law’s reluctance to lose their daughter and nodded, “Alright.”
“Now that everything is out in the open, have you thought about how to deal with the news online?”
Seeing their daughter being scolded like that online, as parents, both were holding in frustration.
Ye Junqing said, “Mother, don’t worry. I’ll handle this matter. You and Xingguang just focus on taking care of Father in the hospital. I’ve taken steps to block the news and have bodyguards outside the mansion. The media won’t disturb Father’s recovery, nor will they bother Xingguang.”
Upon saying this, he took a new cellphone from his pocket and handed it to Ye Xingguang: “In the next few days, keep your cellphone off and use this one, it’ll be quieter.”
She had already turned off her phone due to bothersome calls and various messages.noveldrama
She was not bothered by her own gossip news at the moment. What bothered her more was Xia Yanyan trying to steal her man.
In the evening, Ye Junqing had dinner at the hospital and stayed until nine o’clock. Ye Xingguang became sleepy, but the man showed no signs of leaving. He casually sat in the living area on a sofa, leisurely flipping through a magazine.
Ye Xingguang had no choice but to speak up, “Aren’t you going home?”
Ye Junqing lounged lazily on the sofa, not moving an inch, “I also need to lie low for a while. The hospital is pretty nice.”
If not, he would be annoyed to death by his brothers at home, all of whom were urging him to prioritize the bigger picture.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
So, what did he imply by this?
Ye Junqing looked at the time and said, “You go take a shower first. I’ll wash after you. Xiao Yun hasn’t brought my change of clothes and toiletries yet. I’ll wait a bit.”
###Chapter 332: – Are you worried I won’t want you? _1
“But, there are only three rooms in this villa, one for my dad, one for my mom, one for me, there are no other rooms, where are you going to stay?” Ye Xingguang asked a question she already knew the answer to.
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing put aside the magazine, looked up and glanced at her: “Can’t I share a room with you now?”
On Qixi Night, he had already posted photos on Weibo, proclaiming to the world that she was his woman, and yet they should still sleep separately?
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat.
His tone was so brazen, wasn’t it?
She suddenly felt a bit nervous.
Ye Junqing noticed her apprehension, but he was uncompromising, stretching out his long arm to pull her onto his lap.
Ye Xingguang’s face instantly turned red. She tried to get up, but Ye Junqing wouldn’t allow it, keeping her firmly within his embrace.
He didn’t do anything else, just reached out and playfully stroked her little nose with the ends of her hair, his eyes burning with intensity: “What’s the matter, is there a problem? You’re already the woman in my Weibo selfie, do you think I will continue to restrain myself?”
She felt her heart quiver as her hair brushed against it. Hearing her parents talking in their room, she whispered shyly: “Don’t be silly, my parents are here. You’d better go home and sleep.”
“I don’t want to stay alone in an empty room. It’s too cold.”
The man’s voice sounded both imperious and pitiful.
Ye Xingguang: “…”noveldrama
“Cold? The highest temperature today was thirty-eight degrees. We could cook an egg on the sidewalk.”
This man, even his excuses were so perfunctory.
How could he not be cold? His heart, which had been frozen for so many years, had only recently begun to warm up a bit because of her, but now the outside world was saying that he was being cuckolded, and he had so many brothers at home urging him to prioritize the presidential election, warning him earnestly.
Now, he not only feels cold-hearted, but also annoyed.
Ye Junqing revealed a tired expression: “Why hasn’t my old illness relapsed? That way, I’d have a young lady fussing over me, and willing to be my pillow at night. It’s hard to be a man, getting sick when I shouldn’t be, and not getting sick when I should, even to the point of wishing it would just end me.”
“…”
Ye Xingguang covered his mouth: “Stop talking nonsense. Who would wish for their illness to return?”
Thinking about his illness, thinking about her father’s illness, Ye Xingguang was in a foul mood. She would love to find the heir of the bloodline right now, kill him, and see if he would give her a cure.
Feeling the young lady’s concern, Ye Junqing relaxed physically and mentally. Leaning lazily back against the sofa, he offered another comment: “And I have a young lady forcing me to take medicine. After taking the medicine, it might spark some love.”
Ye Xingguang’s face turned so red it might just start bleeding. She was both embarrassed and irritated: “Shut up, please. I still have a life to live.”
“Did I say I would devour you if I slept with you?” Ye Junqing pointed out the loophole in her sentence, leisurely teasing her.
The tall man, one hand wrapped around her waist and the other playing with the ends of her hair, a low magnetic voice that was infuriatingly arrogant: “So, you’re actually pretty excited about it, aren’t you?”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
She really wanted to kill this man. Who was excited?
Unable to out-talk Ye Junqing, Ye Xingguang was so angry that she pushed him hard, saying as she did so, “Let me go, I’m going to take a shower.”
Reading the panic in her eyes, Ye Junqing smirked: “You’re in such a hurry to take a shower? Don’t worry, I’m not in a rush.”
###Chapter 333: What are you afraid of? _1
Ye Xingguang felt like she was going crazy. After freeing herself from the man’s arms, she almost fled into the bathroom in panic.
Once the door was closed, she leaned against it, slapping her face hard, trying to cool herself down.
The man who had said such shameless things didn’t even blush or lose his composure, why should she be flustered?
How embarrassing!
But, did she really have to share a bed with him tonight?
If she didn’t, would she have to relinquish it to Xia Yanyan?
Besides, she had her “monthly protection”, what was there to fear?
Ye Xingguang remembered Qixi Night, when she woke up and found herself lying in the arms of a big tumor, that feeling was surprisingly nostalgic, warm and romantic, her mind couldn’t help but wander.
Sigh, she needed to calm down!
Ye Xingguang shook her head, took a serious bath, washed her hair, and saw some perfume on the vanity. She couldn’t control her hands, spritzed a little into the air and let the scent fall onto her.
At this moment, she heard Xiao Yun talking to Ye Junqing, Xiao Yun had brought his clothes over.
After leaving the clothes, Xiao Yun stood by and said, “The young masters at home all keep asking me where you are.”
Ye Junqing responded in a deep voice, “There’s no need to tell them, they’re making a fuss, and I don’t want to hear their babble.”
Xiao Yun nodded, but then showed concern, “Nevertheless, this situation does seem quite tricky, the Deputy President hasn’t given you much time to make a decision. If you don’t agree to marry Miss Xia, soon, you’ll receive a lawsuit and your eligibility to run for the presidency will also be cancelled. Have you thought about how to deal with this?”
This truly was a case of the calm before the storm.noveldrama
The master still had not been cleared of suspicion from the gas station explosion and was facing the danger of the cancellation of his presidential qualification.
Xiao Yun continued, “As far as I know, other presidential candidates have now got the news and everyone’s watching the Ye’s Family’s movements, or to be precise, your decision. If you don’t have a good countermeasure…”
“Enough.” Ye Junqing interrupted Xiao Yun, “Stick to your duty as a bodyguard, don’t meddle in things that are not your concern.”
Xiao Yun wisely closed his mouth.
He was not Fu Zhuo. Everyone has their own expertise and these things may not be necessarily something that Ye wanted to discuss with him.
Ye Junqing waved his hand and Xiao Yun retreated.
Picking up the clothes that Xiao Yun had brought, Ye Junqing just opened the door to his room to see his mermaid wrapped in a bathrobe coming out of the bathroom. With the scent lingering after a bath, every step she took stirred the fragrance in the air, tempting the olfactory sense of the man.
Ye Junqing’s eyes darkened, staring at her small, unpowdered face, his heart suddenly caught fire.
The passionate man all of a sudden felt some regret. Was his excuse to stay tonight a blessing or a torture?
Ye Xingguang felt uncomfortable under his gaze, as if a heatwave had surged up on her face. She quickly rummaged through her luggage for her pajamas, found them, and dashed back into the bathroom. She didn’t dare look at him through the entire ordeal.
Ye Junqing laughed with amusement, it turned out she could also be so shy and embarrassed.
He remembered their first time sleeping together…
Forget about it, bringing up the past would just ruin the mood.
Ye Junqing found toiletries and a bathrobe in the bag that Xiao Yun had brought over, and after the girl had changed and stepped out of the bathroom, he went in and closed the door.
The bathroom was filled with steam and the fragrance lingering in the air was the girl’s bath scent. Any wafting scent in the air seemed to be testing his willpower.
His willpower was certainly not something ordinary people could match. But when it came to this little mermaid, Ye Junqing frustratingly discovered that his willpower simply couldn’t withstand her.
###Chapter 334: Can’t Help But Feel Sympathy for Him_1
When Ye Junqing finished his bath and returned to the room, Ye Xingguang was already “asleep”. On the surface, she seemed to be sleeping, even exaggeratedly snoring. But he knew she never snored in her sleep.
The snoring… was quite convincingly performed.
Ye Xingguang’s heart throbbed nervously in her throat, taking refuge in her pretense of sleeping and snoring. Even so, she could still sense a pair of eyes that appeared to see through her clumsy deception, making her anxious and fidgety.
Her cheeks flushed a shade deeper.
The room was incredibly quiet, so quiet that she could clearly hear a man’s breathing. Ye Xingguang could also hear her own heartbeat thumping loudly, bang, bang, bang… She wondered, could he hear it too?
Ye Junqing took out his notebook, sat on the bed, and started a video conference.
Before connecting, Ye Junqing tossed out a line, “Lower your snoring sound, or else my division managers will know I have a snoring fairy beside me.”
Ye Xingguang’s snoring abruptly stopped.
Opening her tightly shut eyes, she found him sitting on the bed, laptop open for a meeting. She didn’t know whether to roll her eyes in disbelief or not.
“Why are you having a meeting at this hour?”
There was a nagging undertone in her voice that she herself didn’t notice.
Ye Junqing glanced at her, “Time difference. It’s early morning overseas, and time for meetings. What, feeling disappointed that I didn’t hold you in my arms right away?”
“Disappointed my foot, I’m going back to sleep.”
Ye Xingguang turned over, her back to him, tugging the blanket over her face. What a waste of nervous energy!
However, it isn’t easy for Ye Junqing either. As the CEO of a big conglomerate, he has to attend meetings in the middle of the night. She couldn’t help but feel sympathetic towards him.
Initially, she planned to discuss with him about Xia Yanyan’s intention to wed him using her privilege, after his meeting. However, his meeting lasted half an hour and was completely in a foreign language beyond her understanding. It was all because she forgot to learn more foreign languages.
In the end, she started to feel drowsy. The only feeling left was that the bed was much hotter than when she slept alone.
She wanted to move away from the heat source to cool down. However, the heat source behind her felt like a black hole, exerting a strong gravitational pull, as if it wanted to swallow her whole.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help mentally berating herself. She was seriously done for!
After a bit of thinking, she swiftly shifted to the edge of the bed, determined to preserve her dignity.
Ye Junqing ended his meeting, closed his laptop, put it on the bedside table. His dark eyes landed on the woman who was slowly distancing herself from him in her sleep. Didn’t she fear falling off the bed?
He turned off the light, reached out his long arm to pull her towards him. With a slight force, Ye Xingguang’s body involuntarily fell into his embrace. Facing the onslaught of his strong masculine aura, Ye Xingguang’s thick eyelashes trembled several times. She didn’t know if it was because of the summer heat, but lying in his arms, she could feel her whole body heating up, her bottom felt like it was about to combust.
Ye Xingguang forced herself to divert her attention, “Is your family persuading you to give up on me and marry Xia Yanyan?”
Finally, they broached this topic. Ye Junqing was silent for a moment before admitting, “Are you worried?”noveldrama
Of course she was worried; otherwise, she wouldn’t have rushed back to the capital so hastily.
However, what she was worried about wasn’t Xia Yanyan using her privilege to snatch her man away. She was confident that she could outsmart Xia Yanyan. What she was worried about was his decision.
###Chapter 335: Her Man, Must Only Want Her_1
If he gave her up due to external circumstances and went on to marry Xia Yanyan, no matter how capable she was, she would stop dealing with him.
Just like Yun Chen, any man who willingly gives her up, should not expect to catch her eye again.
No matter how handsome or charming, she wouldn’t want him!
Her man, Ye Xingguang, must be completely dedicated and want her alone.
“Don’t worry, as long as you’re willing, no one can snatch me away.” In the darkness, Ye Junqing’s voice wasn’t loud, but his words like a strong tonic, forcefully seeping into her uneasy heart.
A wave of emotion crossed Ye Xingguang’s heart: “Really?”
Ye Junqing lowered his gaze in the dark, capturing her eyes, his voice lazy: “The only fear is that you don’t want me. Do you?”
Something seemed to have struck Ye Xingguang’s heart. She didn’t respond.noveldrama
Having heard no response, Ye Junqing loosened the grip on her waist, and commanded the helpless her: “If you want me, hold me tight and tell me you want me.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
This man…
Ye Xingguang lifted her leg and gave him a kick, then turned her back to him, laughing secretly: “I can’t bother with you.”
“Is it that you can’t bother with me, or you don’t want me? That day at the entrance of T City People’s Hospital, you were brave enough to ask me if I was willing to try. Why are you hesitating now?” He loved the courage and initiative she showed in that moment. Every time he thought of it, his heart would uncontrollably fill with joy.
For his own benefit, Ye Junqing couldn’t help but tease her: “I’m giving you another chance to tell me if you want me or not. You have three seconds to hold me tight. One, two… ”
“Ye Junqing, you bastard!”
Fearing he would count to three and take action, she quickly opened her mouth, bit harshly on his arm to see if he dared to bully her anymore.
This sudden action delighted the man. Ye Junqing continued to annoy her: “I’ll count to three if you don’t hug me.”
“Then go ahead, if you don’t want me, I’ll just go and draw lots again. It’s not a big deal, I’ll simply draw Lin Hanfeng or someone else. I have very good luck.” As she said this, she had already hugged him, fearing that he would actually count to three.
Remembersing that she almost drew Lin Hanfeng, Ye Junqing’s jealous inner demon sprang out, pulling her tightly into his arms, engulfed with unease.
“Don’t worry, I won’t give you the chance to draw lots again. Otherwise, for each person you draw, I’ll kill one. I won’t show any mercy.” His voice hovered by her ear, the dangerous tone not sounding like a joke at all.
A shiver ran down Ye Xingguang’s spine, an unfamiliar emotion uncontrollably erupted from within her, she mumbled: “Stop talking nonsense, okay? Do you have a solution for this? If you can’t solve it, just agree to her. Anyway, in the end, I can fix everything for you.”
Such words, so crazy.
But to Ye Junqing’s ears, they sounded like a challenge: “Are you trying to give me to Xia Yanyan?”
How is that possible?
She was just afraid he couldn’t deal with it!
“I’m just saying if you can’t solve… Ow… it hurts…”
This man, he actually hit her!
Ye Xingguang rubbed her bottom. This jerk, this was domestic violence, she would sue him.
Ye Junqing spoke irritably: “If it hurts then shut up! Besides properly taking care of your father, stop meddling in everything else! Xia Yanyan is but a person, if I can’t handle her, why would you want a man like me?”
###Chapter 336: Shocking News Revealed_1
Ye Xingguang laughed, not even trying to hide it. She grabbed the man’s arm to use as a pillow, feeling utterly relaxed. Apart from her butt hurting a little – that stupid man, next time he dares to spank her butt, she would definitely twist off his ears, or maybe wring his waist.noveldrama
Her mom has always said that women should not be submissive, or else they will be bullied by men for life.
With that thought in mind, she brazenly reached out and twisted his waist, not being polite about it at all. Her voice was soft and tender as she said, with a touch of childishness: “You see, it’s all you now. I’m just a weak little lady, I can’t manage anything.”
Master Ye grabbed her restless hand and scolded her for her bold action. “Stay still. Don’t think that having a lifelong partner gives you leave to do as you please. If you continue to tease me…”
“When did I ever tease you?” Ye Xingguang asked, pulling her hand back with a childlike pout.
“Is a man’s waist something you can twist at your whim?”
Isn’t it flirting to hold him this proactively?
They have slept side by side for countless nights, but she had never taken the initiative to hug him before. A simple gesture like this had already made his heart dance with joy. If this wasn’t considered flirting, what was?
Are men’s waists really not for twisting? She saw her mother did it, didn’t she?
Indignant, Ye Xingguang twisted again. The man’s muffled growl sounded like a fire rapidly spreading up the mountainside: “Go to sleep!”
“Okay.”
She closed her eyes and moved around, trying to find a comfortable sleeping position – but something felt off, no matter how she adjusted.
The man fired up by her movements finally resorted to his domineering side, he pulled her into his embrace, holding her tight and not letting her move at all.
That night, neither of them slept soundly, occasionally waking up only to tightly hug each other again. Despite no locomotion, their emotions were more boundless than the feelings from being passengers on a night train.
The following morning, when Ye Xingguang woke up, her side of the bed was empty.
Rubbing her sleepy eyes, she saw a lustrous red rose laid horizontally on the bedside. The faint scent of Roseness, and the pleasant mood it brought.
Ye Xingguang wrapped herself in the blanket, and took the rose to brush her face with a laugh, anticipating another day full of energy.
However, thoughts of how the toxic Xingguang would handle Xia Yanyan’s arranged marriage always lurked in her mind.
She had been monitoring the situation, and found a significant piece of news. Ye Shiting, who had maintained a strong presence on the presidential candidate leaderboard, had disappeared from the candidate list, and this news had turned the internet upside down.
Major websites and media outlets were discussing it, but no one knew the real reason, there wasn’t any given explanation, leading to a flurry of rumors and gossip. Ultimately, every medium was racing to report that Ye Shiting was identified as behind the gas station explosion, leading to a lawsuit.
The rule was, as soon as a presidential candidate is entangled in a lawsuit, their qualification is revoked.
A surge of wrong premonitions made Ye Xingguang wonder if it had anything to do with Xia Yanyan forcing a marriage with Ye Junqing?
Feeling uneasy, she phoned Chang Qin Hua at the TV station to inquire if they knew the reason.
Chang Qin Hua’s voice sounded on the phone, “I just got an internal news. Xia Yanyan has submitted a marriage application to the government, registering your official husband Ye Qing-jun’s name on it. The vice president gave Ye Qing-jun three days to make a decision; either marry Xia Yanyan, or face the lawsuit. Now, three days later, your husband has obstinately refused to marry Xia Yanyan. He has received the lawsuit papers from the court, and even Ye Shiting’s presidential candidacy has been revoked. Presently, the Ye’s family is in chaos, and rumors are that this incident might cause bitter strife between the brothers!”
###Chapter 337: Why don’t you go back and persuade Ye Junqing!_1
Ye Xingguang’s heart sank sharply: “Become bitter enemies?”
Chang Qinghua’s voice wasn’t loud, even seemly deliberately lowered: “While you are stuck in the middle of this whirlpool, you’re asking me. I need to ask you – is Ye Junqing now utterly abandoned with all his brothers complaining that he’s gone crazy for your sake?”
Ye Xingguang was shocked: “I don’t know, I haven’t been home in the past few days, I don’t know what on earth is happening. Mr. Chang, if anything else happens, give me a call on this new mobile number. I have to hang up now.”
Chang Qinghua said: “Hold on, what’s going on with you and Xia Ye Zhao, that photo of you going back to care for your sick father was published?”
“There’s nothing between us. I can’t explain right now. I need to hang up.”
After saying this, Ye Xingguang immediately hung up the phone.
She felt uneasy, and called Ye Junqing. But his phone was turned off.
Ye Xingguang felt that she needed to pay a visit to the manor. It seems the big issue hadn’t been resolved well at all, it had escalated to brothers becoming enemies and being utterly abandoned. She had actually thought that he could solve this matter easily.
Ye Xingguang quickly packed up, told her parents that she had things to sort out, then left the small villa in the hospital. However, just as she was about to walk out the iron gate that led to other buildings in the hospital, she was stopped by a bodyguard waiting outside the gate.noveldrama
“Miss Ye, Mr. Qing has instructed that you should not leave here these few days. Whatever you need done or bought, we will do it for you.”
Ye Xingguang was worried about Ye Junqing’s situation: “Move aside, I need to return home for a bit. This is something you can’t do for me.”
However, the bodyguard refused to let her pass, remaining adamant, and then tried to appeal to her sympathies: “Miss Ye, we can’t let you go. If we disobeyed Mr. Qing’s orders, we would lose our jobs. Please understand.”
Normally, Ye Xingguang would understand, but not today. She hardened her voice: “Move aside, you won’t be able to stop me, and I don’t want to have to knock you all out.”
The group of insulted bodyguards: “…”
Who would dare to truly confront her now? Mr. Qing was now throwing everything aside for her sake, even disregarding his own brother’s presidential campaign. Although the bodyguards felt that Mr. Qing had become too irrational after falling in love, they could only reverence Ye Xingguang like a deity. After a standoff for a while, they actively arranged a car to send her to Ye’s manor.
Unexpectedly, as soon as she returned to the manor and was about to get out of the car, she heard Ye Shiting’s angry voice: “I have no brother like you!”
Ye Xingguang’s movement to get out of the car hesitated for a moment. Through the car window, she saw Ye Shiting’s right-hand men, Lin Nan, Tang Xiao, Mu Nianbai, Mo Zhe… following Ye Shiting and leaving, indicating a clear intention to cut ties with Ye Junqing completely.
Tang Zhou ran out, holding back Tang Xiao: “Bro, we’re all brothers. Look at the mess this has become. Go back and persuade Brother Ting. Brother Ting and Brother Qing are real brothers, how can they break up so easily?”
Tang Xiao’s face turned cold: “Knowing they are real brothers, but for the sake of a woman, being so stubborn to such an extent. Brother Ting has come this far today with the collective efforts of many brothers. The final voting for elections is just a few weeks away. Now that Brother Ting is removed from the list of presidential candidates, all our efforts have been in vain. You should probably go back and persuade Ye Junqing!”
Tang Zhou was anxious: “I’ve tried to, but Brother Qing won’t listen. No matter how much I try, we can’t hurt all the brothers’ hearts for the sake of a woman.”
###Chapter 338: Made him feel his thoughts were seriously shaken_1
Tang Xiao sneered, “Even you know it’s not right to hurt all your brothers over a woman. But a certain person seems not to understand. Before, he was all talk, claiming he would even bring home a woman he didn’t want for his brother’s sake. The depth of this brotherhood could move mountains, but now we see none of it. Is marrying Xia Yanyan somehow beneath him? Many people would kill to have such an undeniably precious woman, and yet he is willing to throw it away, along with everyone’s efforts? Such great brotherly love indeed!”
Wrapping up, Tang Xiao harshly shook off Tang Zhou’s arm, “You should be more alert as well. When he asked you to bring Leng Chenmo home, he surely appeared righteous. Everyone else can sacrifice themselves, but he can’t? Knowing full well the path of the election would be tough, ridden with the bones of the fallen. And yet he remains foolishly emotional. There’s no need for such a brother!”
Tang Zhou couldn’t bear to listen anymore, “Brother, stop talking.”
Tang Xiao snorted coldly and strode out of the mansion, catching up with the team led by Ye Shiting.
The domestics in the yard were all dumbfounded, not daring even to breathe one bit and quietly continuing their work.
Seeing Ye Xingguang stepping out of the car, everyone’s eyes widened in admiration.
This woman is something else, not only did she cuckold Mr. Qing, but he was even willing to break off relations for her. They certainly underestimated her before.
Tang Zhou was dumbfounded as he watched Ye Xingguang alight from the car: “Xingguang, when did you return?”
Ye Xingguang awkwardly laughed, “I heard about some trouble at home, so I came back to check things out. Is he home?”
“You mean Brother Qing?”
Tang Zhou gestured inside the house.
Entering, Ye Xingguang found no sign of Ye Junqing in the living room. The only people present sitting on the sofa were Fu Zhuo, Ji Qishu, and Mo Fei.
Tang Zhou followed her in. “Brother Qing is probably in his study. He just had a fight with Brother Ting and his mood isn’t great. Xingguang, you’ve overstepped your bounds. Brother Qing has done so much for you, and you went off secretly with Xia Ye Zhao! Do you have a conscience?”noveldrama
The other three men in the room flashed similar looks of anger at her, almost as though she were a femme fatale.
Not wanting to be within the firing range, Ye Xingguang headed upstairs, saying, “I’ll go find him.”
On her way to the study, she was deep in thought. She never anticipated that he would go to such lengths for her. Of course she was touched, but she didn’t want him to become enimies with his brother, nor to be abandoned by others.
She opened the door to the study and saw him standing by the floor-length window, talking on the phone. The sun streamed in from outside, enveloping his tall figure in a spectacular golden glow.
She closed the door to the study, and, with a heavy heart, slowly approached him. Her nose tingled as she recalled the conversation she had heard in the car.
What did he mean, ‘just because of a woman’? She was a little upset. She felt as though she had been wrong to save his older brother. But then her rationality chimed in again, ‘That’s just how politicians are. To them, power is paramount. Who cares about marriage?’
As Ye Xingguang approached the man who had insisted on having her, she involuntarily wrapped her arms around him from behind. Her face grazed against his back.
Ye Junqing was stunned momentarily, before turning his head, his eyes falling on her.
The way she had enveloped herself in his arms made his heart waver. He quickly ended the phone call, turned around, and pulled her into his embrace. He gently asked in disbelief, “Why did you come back? Didn’t I tell you to stay at the hospital and look after your father?”
###Chapter 339: Giving You a Love Encouragement_1
“I saw your brother, the presidential candidate, had his qualification revoked on the news. I was worried, so I came back to check on you,” she said.
As she spoke, she clung to his arm, depending on him. “Didn’t you say you had a solution? You told me not to worry, but how did it come to this? If you refuse, you could end up in prison for three years.”
Lowering his head, Ye Junqing gazed deeply at her troubled expression, finding it charming. “What, afraid I’ll go to jail?”
“No.”
She had a way to pick up the pieces for him.
However, she needed almost a month. No matter how much she cried now, it was impossible to cry out a regret pill to reverse the current dire situation. She was inevitably frustrated.
Ye Junqing, not satisfied with her reply, raised her chin with one finger, studying her calm face. “Not scared? Why? Do you have confidence in me or do you not care whether I go to jail?”
“I have confidence in myself.”
Raising an eyebrow, Ye Junqing wondered – who gave her such self-confidence? Was she so certain that she was his only choice?
But, he did appreciate her calm and blindly confident expression.
Ye Xingguang’s eyelashes trembled. “Do you really have a solution for the current problem? Just tell me the truth.”
After a momentary contemplation, Ye Junqing told the truth, “No.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
“I only have a fifty percent chance, but, given the circumstance, I have to gamble on it.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
She did not say anything more, only leaning against him silently, allowing him to hold her with such tender dominance. After a while, she said, “Then you go ahead and do it. Even if the results aren’t satisfactory, I’ll find a way to clean up for you, as long as your heart is with me.”
The same bold proclamation as before.
Her fingertip resting against the man’s heart.
As long as he adamantly wanted her, no matter how bad the outcome, she could turn the tide.
Hearing this, Ye Junqing felt both amused and warmed. Lowering his head, he left a kiss on her forehead. “Alright then. I’ll go ahead and do it, trusting you to support me. Just don’t let me screw everything up.”
Ye Xingguang blushed, dabbed at her forehead, then reached up on her toes and left a kiss on his forehead as well.
“A loving encouragement.”
After saying this, she attempted to flee, the sweetness and embarrassment of the action making her wish she could disappear.
However, how could Ye Junqing let her go? He grabbed her wrist, pointed at his left face, “Here too.”
Ye Xingguang was embarrassed, but since he’d gone this far for her, she wasn’t one to be pretentious. Determinedly, she reached up on her toes, and left another loving encouragement on his left cheek.noveldrama
“And the right side too.” The man demanded further.
Ye Xingguang’s ears turned red, glared at him. “Are you done yet?”
“Not yet.” He responded, categorically.
Ye Xingguang aimed a kick at him and quickly placed a kiss on his right cheek too.
Fearing the man would never stop, she forcefully withdrew her hand and ran out of the study, leaving him staring out of the floor-to-ceiling window, his heart warm as if ironed, savoring the moment. How had she become so adorable?
He was smitten.
However, the thought of his current predicament quickly sobered Ye Junqing. He indeed only had a fifty-fifty chance, and the fact that he was depending on a person he didn’t want to depend upon made this game a risky one.
[Author note: Guess who Ye Junqing is depending on? That’s all for today’s update. The story continues at midnight tomorrow. Please vote and keep reading!]
###Chapter 340: Keep Your Eyes Wide Awake!_1
Xia’s Family was visited by guests, Yi Yujian and her mother Wang Zili.
Yi Yujian’s mother Wang Zili and Xia Yanyan’s mother Wang Zimei were biological sisters. Seeing the potential presidency position of her son-in-law hastily turn into nothing more than a bubble, Wang Zili had no choice but to personally visit in the hopes that her sister, Wang Zimei, could persuade her niece, Xia Yanyan, to voluntarily give up this marriage.
However, Xia Yanyan was firm in her decision. She would not withdraw her marriage application.
Wang Zili was already cautioned by her daughter not to compromise, otherwise, they could not get back the ten percent shares of the Xia’s family. Thinking of the painful ten percent shares, Wang Zimei stood firmly with her daughter.noveldrama
Wang Zimei’s disappointment was profound. She hadn’t expected her niece to be this obstinate. She tried to suppress her temper and persuade Xia Yanyan gently, but Xia Yanyan refused to listen.
“Auntie, don’t waste your time persuading me. Instead, you should convince my cousin to let go of Ye Xingguang.”
But that was something Yi Yujian could never do. The most innocent person in this situation was Ye Xingguang.
Yi Yujian was usually a very delicate woman. But today, even though she was wearing a black dress custom-made by a famous designer, she wore no makeup, and one of her ears was conspicuously bereft of an earring.
Upon seeing Yi Yujian’s panicked but feigned calm demeanor, Xia Yanyan understood that her cousin was truly in a panic.
“Cousin, as long as Ye Xingguang lets go of Ye Junqing, once I marry him, wouldn’t we be sisters-in-law and cousins? Wouldn’t it be better for us to get along? We could both win. And with my influence among people, if I marry into the Xia family, people would be more willing to support my brother-in-law, but what can Ye Xingguang bring to Ye’s Family?”
Yi Yujian’s expression cooled considerably. “So, you’re refusing to withdraw your marriage application. Is that it?”
“Cousin, don’t you want me to be happy? Why are you making this hard for me?”
“I am making this hard for you?”
Yi Yujian’s patience wore thin as her mother’s pleas fell on deaf ears.
She said, “You know full well that your brother-in-law is at the decisive moment of his presidential campaign, yet you stirred up this mess. Who doesn’t want you to find happiness? But Second Brother doesn’t want you. Even if you marry him by force, what happiness do you expect to find? Moreover, now that Second Brother would rather be the enemy of the whole Ye’s family than marry you, can’t you see the situation clearly? Are you still insisting on marrying him! Who’s making it hard for whom?”
At this point, Xia Yanyan got angry. Ye Junqing would rather be against his brother than marry her. Did she repel him so much?
“Cousin, we are family. I don’t mean to put you in a difficult position. Ye Junqing and my brother-in-law are close as brothers. You should ask your husband to persuade Ye Junqing. Ye Junqing should make compromises for the bigger picture. When Ye Xingguang had intruded into his life, didn’t he bring him home for the sake of you and your husband? He doesn’t want to marry me now because the pressure you put on him isn’t enough.”
Yi Yujian slammed her teacup onto the coffee table. The aura of a powerful woman radiated from her as she glared at Xia Yanyan and laughed, “You can’t make a man marry you, so you blame us for not putting enough pressure on him. Yanyan, let me tell you, you can’t make a man do anything. Second Brother doesn’t love you. He would rather turn against his brother than take you home. Open your eyes and wake up! Others are enjoying their sweet romance, and you’re meddling. What’s the difference between what you’re doing and a mistress alienating a man from his love?”
###Chapter 341: Ye Junqing Posted on Weibo_1noveldrama
“Cousin, have you had enough?” Xia Yanyan couldn’t hide her irritation anymore.
Even if Ye Junqing didn’t want to marry her, what did it matter? The man she couldn’t have, Ye Xingguang would never have either!
As long as the two of them weren’t together, she felt triumphant no matter what!
She didn’t believe that Ye Junqing could withstand the heavy pressure, could he?
Besides, she heard that Ye’s patriarch was returning to the capital soon. The old man had always favored her. With Ye Shiting’s presidential campaign at stake, could they still accommodate Ye Junqing’s willfulness?
Wang Zimei also said: “Yujian, you’re being too harsh. Our Yanyan and Ye Junqing’s marriage arrangement was already on the agenda. Everyone clearly knows who snatched whose man. How could you say your cousin is a mistress? The real homewrecker is clearly that wild girl.”
Since things had come to this point, Yi Yujian wasn’t going to save face: “What agenda? Regarding the marriage alliance, it’s always been the Xia’s family pushing for it. My brother never agreed. But my brother’s legitimate girlfriend, is definitely Ye Xingguang, officially endorsed by him! If this is called being a mistress, then what about those girls who are forced onto the matchmaking path to adapt to the nation’s policies, how would they feel?”
Xia Yanyan didn’t want to listen anymore and directly dismissed the guests: “Cousin, I’m tired and going upstairs to rest first. Please, make yourselves at home.”
Since it’s all family, Wang Zimei didn’t want to cause too much of a scene, pulling Xia Yanyan who was about to leave: “How could you talk to your cousin like this? Yujian, everyone, let’s just calm down. Stay for lunch.”
“No need.”
Yi Yujian stood up and supported her mother, saying: “Mom, let’s go. If this is how our relatives treat us, it’s better to cut ties! Just pretend I never had a cousin like Yanyan. And I make my stand today: if she insists on carrying on like this, she’ll only end up offending everyone in the Ye family, and disappointing our family. In the end, all her efforts will be in vain, and she’ll gain nothing!”
Xia Yanyan picked up a water glass from the table and furiously threw it at the ground: “We’ll see who ends up with nothing! So what if Ye Junqing doesn’t love me? Right now, I’m going to post on Weibo telling everyone that I’ve already submitted my application to the state. Let’s see if the netizens support me or Ye Xingguang who’s the green-tea b*tch making a fool of Ye Junqing!”
Xia Yanyan took out her phone, just about to open Weibo, when Yi Yujian sneered: “Go ahead and post. My brother has already made a clarification post on Weibo. I’m curious too, whether the netizens support them or you trying to steal her man and ruin their official romance.”
“What clarification post?”
How come she didn’t know that Ye Junqing had made a clarification post?
Yi Yujian picked up her handbag: “You’ll know if you search for it on Weibo. Right now, all the netizens think my brother is too pampering. If you post on Weibo saying you’re going to marry Ye Junqing now, you’ll be the textbook mistress. If you dare, just try it!”
What? Xia Yanyan didn’t believe it!
She quickly opened Weibo, went to Ye Junqing’s official page, and sure enough the pinned post was a clarification about White Lotus and her brother!
After reading it, she furiously threw her phone, exploding with fury: “I won’t back down! Let’s see how long Ye Junqing can hold out! He slapped my face like this, I’ll make him pay!”
“I don’t have a stubborn cousin like you!”
Yi Yujian also stormed off in anger. As she reached the door, she wobbled slightly, clearly overwhelmed by her husband’s sudden situation.
Fortunately, the butler of the Xia’s family was quick in catching her: “Miss Yi, are you okay?”
Yi Yujian pushed away the butler’s hand. Just as Xia Ye Zhao was holding a child in his arms, he bumped into Yi Yujian.
###Chapter 342: Both Ye’s Family and Yee’s Family Will Hate Her to the Bone _1
Upon seeing Xia Ye Zhao, Yi Yujian did not mince words, “Cousin, all collaborative projects between Yi Corporation and Xia Corporation will be suspended as of today. We have no need for future collaborations!”
Xia Ye Zhao, mired in his own troubles, did not heed Yi Yujian’s words, “I saw the news about Ye Shiting. I will try again to persuade Yanyan.”
“You’d better be able to convince her, or both the Ye’s and Yi’s will hate her to the bone.”
Having said that, Yi Yujian slammed the car door shut. His anger was apparent to anyone with eyes.
Upon Wang Zili entering the car, likely due to panic and confusion, Yi Yujian drove away from the Xia’s residence. He didn’t get far before crashing into a nearby green belt, finally calling a towing company to remove the car.
While waiting for the towing service, she stood by the smashed car. Thinking about how her husband’s efforts toward the presidency were ruined not due to incompetence, but because of a failed marriage, the strong woman, burst into tears in her mother’s arms.
The sense of frustration, the anxiety, the grievance of missing out on becoming the First Lady; even Han Chengbei, driving home, couldn’t help but stop his car, pressing the horn and calling out, “Sister Yi, the car is damaged, are you ok? Shall I take you home?”
As if not wanting to be seen as a laughingstock, Yi Yujian quickly suppressed her emotions, striving to maintain her image. She shook her head, “No need.”
“Hop in, the car broke down in front of my house. If I turn a blind eye, I won’t be able to face Grandpa Yi in the future.”
Eventually, Yi Yujian and Wang Zili got into Han Chengbei’s car.
Ye Xingguang returned to the hospital. On his Weibo, where he usually talks about his regrets, he was spammed by Han Chengbei.
Beibei x5: [Grandpa! Why can’t I reach you by phone?]
Beibei x5: [Do you know that Xia Yanyan is trying to steal your man?]
Beibei x5: [I just took your sister-in-law home. She went to the Xia’s to beg Xia Yanyan to let go. Unfortunately, Xia Yanyan is determined. Your sister-in-law is now as restless as ants on a hot pan, couldn’t even drive properly, and crashed into the green belt outside my estate.]
Beibei x5: [Reply ASAP. If Ye Junqing doesn’t want you, tell me immediately. I am willing to marry you! Marry you! Marry you!]
Ye Xingguang had no intention of responding to Han Chengbei. After switching phones, she hadn’t logged into her usual account but instead used her other one. Seeing Han Chengbei mention her sister-in-law, she couldn’t ignore it.
RegretDealer: [What happened to my sister-in-law?]
Beibei x6: [Finally replied. I thought you were dead! Well, what can happen? The dream of becoming the First Lady vanished in an instant. Even the most unflappable woman can’t keep it together. Tell me where you are, grandpa?]
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to reveal her location and ignored Han Chengbei. Thinking about how her innocent sister-in-law got dragged into this, she felt incredibly frustrated.noveldrama
She was in the hospital room, sitting by her father’s bedside as he received IV fluids, keeping an eye on her phone to stay updated.
So far, no one knows Ye Shiting lost his presidential candidacy because Ye Junqing refused to marry Xia Yanyan. The public believes it was due to evidence implicating Ye Shiting as the mastermind behind the gas station explosion, therefore, online criticism of Ye Shiting is everywhere.
Surely, other presidential candidates were fanning these flames.
However, Ye Shiting could not find the evidence to clear his name, nor did he publicise the real reason he was disqualified…
Then, to her surprise, she came across a tweet from a major gossiper, unrelated to Ye Shiting but concerning her.
###Chapter 343: Turns out this man is incredibly meticulous?_1 
That Weibo post was filled with evidence proving her and my oldest brother’s innocence. 
For example, the picture of him holding her in the hospital… 
Emperor Ye had found the hospital’s surveillance footage and turned it into a GIF. A mobile bed was being pushed out of the ward and was about to hit her. It was my older brother who, with reflexes fast as lightning, pulled her into his arms. This was the whole story behind the picture. 
In fact, my older brother really did hold her a little longer than necessary later, but Emperor Ye edited the footage perfectly, only capturing the moment he wanted to express… 
For example, the photo of my older brother carrying her at the hospital… 
Emperor Ye interviewed her university classmates, proving that on rainy days, she wouldn’t go out unless someone was carrying her. He also interviewed a small shop near the hospital’s gate, confirming that my older brother carried her to buy female products. 
For example, the photo where my older brother was escorting her to the hotel… 
Emperor Ye found the hotel’s surveillance footage showing that the car my older brother used to send her to the hotel was actually Emperor Ye’s ride, even the accompanying bodyguards were left by Emperor Ye for her safety. 
For example, the picture where my older brother entered the hotel room with her… 
Emperor Ye also secured the hotel surveillance footage for this, proving that he didn’t stay too long. After escorting her to the hotel, he left within less than five minutes. 
For example, Emperor Ye interviewed her dad’s attending physicians, Bo Jingyu and Chang Danran, affrming her father was critically ill at the time. 
After all, what girl would feel like dating and falling in love while her father is critically ill? 
In the end, Emperor Ye even published his call records and WeChat conversations with Xia Ye Zhao, clearly recording all the details of him consigning Xia Ye Zhao to take care of her. All these pieces of evidence demonstrate that my older brother’s every move was made at his behest. 
Emperor Ye opened the call records: 
——”My woman is on her period. I need you to make sure she comes back to the hotel and sleeps every night. Don’t let her stay up late to keep company with her dad. Her father’s condition has stabilized. She doesn’t need to keep vigil so attentively. If she catches a cold during her menstrual period, I’ll hold you accountable!” noveldrama
——”She’s been indulging in a lot of ice cream this month. Get some painkillers for her from a pharmacy—better safe than sorry. Don’t tell me that garbage about women getting addicted to painkillers for menstrual pain. By the way, VV painkillers work best for her. If you can’t find it in a drugstore, buy it from the hospital—they usually have it.” 
… 
Ah ah ah! 
Ye Xingguang could barely continue reading. Was it that darn cancer who asked my older brother to buy the VV painkillers? But wait, how did that guy know that VV painkillers work best for her? This guy even disclosed her period on Weibo!!!! 
My God, Ye Xingguang felt like hiding somewhere out of embarrassment. This was too awkward. But why did she feel so warm inside? 
She still remembered the first time she met him, she thought this man was utterly despicable, he was brutally candid. But at this very moment, she realized that this man was unexpectedly considerate. 
He cared about her to this extent, even considering such trivial matters. 
Was he intentionally trying to touch her by posting this clarification Weibo post? 
Suddenly, she didn’t want to listen to his words anymore. She didn’t care about anything else, she just wanted to stay in the hospital ward taking care of her father and let him face the world’s rough and tumble situations alone. But she found herself wanting to change her decision after less than a day. 
Thinking about how all of his brothers didn’t understand him, thinking about how her sister-in-law had gone to the Xia’s family to plead earnestly, Ye Xingguang’s heart ached. But now, there’s nothing she could do to turn back time. At this moment, what else could she do?
###Chapter 344: Chapter 334: I Always Feel that This Matter is Not That Simple_1 
Xia Yanyan was getting furious. Ye Xingguang, who was being cursed just a few days ago, had now become the happiest woman in the hearts of netizens. What was even more infuriating was that even the President’s wife liked Ye Junqing’s Weibo post, as if affirming Ye Xingguang’s innocence. 
The First Lady’s likes ignited a heated discussion among the netizens. 
Netizen “Spring Of Ayang”:”Ah! Even the President’s wife is supporting the Carp Girl. Could it be that Carp Girl was really wronged?” 
Netizen “Liu Liu Ke Ren Er”:”So that’s the story! It turns out that it was all orchestrated by Ye Daye. Those photos are really misleading, right? You really shouldn’t make a final conclusion until the last moment. This wave of dog food really tastes great!” 
Netizen “Love Ann Yi”:”Ah! Is this too much spoiling? Ye Daye’s heart is so thoughtful. I pray for a national blessing for such a partner! @Carp Girl, I pray to Carp, daily request~~” 
Xia Yanyan was infuriated and left a reply in the comment section using a different account:”So, how do you explain the fact that Xia Ye Zhao gave Ye Xingguang ten percent of the shares? Was this also arranged by Ye Junqing, who asked Xia Ye Zhao for them? Xia Ye Zhao is such a good brother that he casually gives away his own shares?” noveldrama
Unfortunately, this comment quickly sank into a sea of praise and didn’t cause much controversy. 
Ye Xingguang also saw the Weibo post by the President’s wife: [Repost, Comment: Trust is the foundation of love. Wishing all the best.] 
Ye Xingguang immediately logged out of the regret medicine Weibo, logged into the Carp Girl Weibo, and reposted the President’s wife’s Weibo post: [Repost, Comment: Thank you.] 
Perhaps, following the President’s wife’s lead, many verified accounts reposted Ye Junqing’s Weibo to show their support. 
Among those verified accounts, she surprisingly saw reposts from music veterans like Gu Laoye, music leader Ling Han, media magnate Han Chengbei, Lin Hanfeng, then a string of stars in the entertainment industry followed suit… 
Even the presidential candidate, Lawson Perry, liked the post. 
This string of endorsements left many netizens stunned. 
More and more netizens calmed down. It seemed that the casual observers really needed to keep their cool and refrain from making verdicts before the final moment. 
Xia Yanyan was so angry that her lungs were about to explode. Under such a tide of public opinion, how was she going to announce her marriage partner? 
After Han Chengbei had taken Lawson Perry’s phone to like the post, he asked, “Brother Lu, it really wasn’t you who leaked the photos of Yi Yujian this time, right? Then who could it be?” 
Lawson Perry didn’t answer, and Nanyin, who was standing aside, said, “Mr. Han, the boss doesn’t have so much free time to deal with such gossip. But did you really see Yi Yujian leave the Xia’s home empty-handed?” 
Han Chengbei, casually said, “I personally sent Yi Yujian back to the Yee’s Family, how could it be fake? I never thought that Ye Junqing would persist for my idol to this extent, forcing Yi Yujian to run around like a headless fly trying to come up with a solution. My idol is so charismatic!” 
At this time, Nanyin received a call and reported after hanging up, “Just got some inside news. After Yi Yujian returned to the Yee’s Corporation, she terminated all cooperative projects with the Xia’s Corporation. It seems like she had no choice but to pressure the Xia’s family into backing down.” 
Perry Lawson, with his leg propped up, furrowed his eyebrows deeply, “Let’s continue to observe. Ye Junqing is not an emotional person. He wouldn’t disregard his brother’s presidential election for a woman. I feel like there’s more to this.”
###Chapter 345: – Man proposes, God disposes_1
Nan Yin nodded and, after looking at the online public opinion polls, said: “Since Ye Shiting withdrew from the list of presidential candidates, the negative impact you suffered from the gas station explosion event has been completely cleared up; public support has significantly increased and the only person who can compete with you now is none other than Vice President Pan Tenglong. As long as Ye Shiting does not return, your chances of ultimately triumphing are absolutely the greatest.”
Lawson Perry contemplated, “Don’t pin our hopes on such uncertain things. If Ye Junqing retracts his words, Ye Shiting will again appear on the list of presidential candidates. The final voting day is only a week away; we cannot afford to be complacent.”
Nan Yin obediently responded, “Yes, but we can fuel the fire and make Xia Yanyan stick to her guns. Given Xia Yanyan’s mentality, if she sets her heart on something, she will not easily give it up even if it means going down with the ship.”
Lawson Perry didn’t stop him.
Elsewhere.
The Vice President’s daughter, Pan Huaiyun, was on the phone with Xia Yanyan. As a close friend, she shared Xia Yanyan’s animosity and encouraged her not to back down no matter what. Even if she couldn’t get what she wanted, she shouldn’t just give it to that other girl.
The phone call lasted an hour. After hanging up, Pan Huaiyun told her father that Xia Yanyan would definitely not back down.
The Vice President took a slow sip of his tea: “For the time being, until the Presidential election voting day, comfort Xia Yanyan well. As a young lady, she should boldly pursue her happiness. Tell her that even if the whole world doesn’t support her, I will still stand firmly behind her.”
Pan Huaiyun nodded: “Dad, I know what to do, don’t worry. I understand Yanyan’s character. She has always been spoiled and has never missed anything she set her sights on. She couldn’t possibly back down, especially not to that other girl. Even if she hits a brick wall, she wouldn’t turn back. Who would have thought such a good thing would happen just before the final stage of the Presidential election? Dad, how certain are you about this Presidential election? Even without Ye Shiting, Lawson Perry is a strong opponent.”
The Vice President threw out a phrase: “Man proposes, God disposes.”
Pan Huaiyun nodded in agreement. She truly hoped that her father could win the position of President.
She was really grateful to the civil affairs bureau for sending a girl to the Ye’s family, which made Ye Junqing so infatuated!
When could she, Pan Huaiyun, meet a man who was truly devoted to her? Then she would have no regrets in this lifetime!
…
Tonight, her father needed an IV drip for the whole night, so Ye Xingguang decided to stay with him.noveldrama
Song Chuanqi was lying in bed, looking at his preoccupied daughter, “The young lad from the Ye’s family has done quite well this time, clearing up your and Xia Ye Zhao’s rumor, why do you still look so worried?”
“No, Dad.”
She didn’t want to tell her father about Xia Yanyan’s wish to marry the big bad guy through special privilege, as it would only make her parents worried.
Little did she know, Song Chuanqi was informed about the matter at the earliest opportunity; since his daughter didn’t mention it, he and Bai Lanwu decided to pretend they didn’t know.
The couple wished to see, through this incident, whether the lad from the Ye’s family was sincere to their daughter or not.
After all, they had tested the former boyfriend of their daughter with a thousand trials but so far, had been unable to find a way to test the lad from Ye’s family.
If he managed to stick to it till the end, then they would step in to solve the matter. However, if he chose to let their daughter go, they would find a better match for her.
###Chapter 346: – The father-in-law looking at his son-in-law, the more he looks the more he dislikes him_1
The door was nudged open from the outside. Ye Junqing, having finished dealing with a full day’s work, arrived at the hospital, carrying night snacks in his hand, among them were wontons–Ye Xingguang’s favorite.
He walked up to her, presenting the wontons, wearing his white shirt. The sleeves were rolled up halfway, revealing his sturdy and attractive arms.
However, the shirt was somewhat fuzzed from washing and upon a closer look, there was a hole burned by cigarette ash on the shoulder – it was the one she had bought for him.
Ye Xingguang fell silent: “This shirt cost me forty thousand, how could it turn like this after just a few days of wearing?”
Ye Junqing looked down, glanced indifferently at his shirt, and said in a deep voice: “Why don’t you buy me a few more then?”
“I want to buy them for you, but I don’t have that much money.”
Ye Junqing raised an eyebrow slightly, took out his own wallet, and handed her a supplementary copy of his black card.
Ye Xingguang blinked: “What’s this for, I have money.”
“Would your money be enough to buy me ten of these shirts? Besides, I promised to replace the First Lady’s evening gown. Use it for that.” Ye Junqing forcefully stuffed the card into her hand.
Ye Xingguang: “Uh… I really did forget to repay.”
“The password is your birthday.”
Why did he set her birthday as his bank card password?
Ye Xingguang found herself delighted, accepted the card: “Then I’ll buy you one when I have time tomorrow. Coincidentally, my mom said that the clothes she and my dad brought aren’t enough. They want to go shopping tomorrow, I’ll use your card to honor my parents, okay?”
Two words from Ye Junqing: “Buy.”
After he spoke, he added: “Eat quickly, be careful the wontons might get mushy.”
The wontons hadn’t turned mushy, Ye Xingguang moved the small table over and blew on them, and firstly honored her father: “Dad, you try some.”
It was said that the more a father-in-law watched his son-in-law, the less favorable his opinion of him would be. However, Song Chuanqi, the more he watched his son-in-law, the more satisfied he felt. He shook his head, saying, “I won’t eat, you feed your husband. Don’t hog good food to yourself. He’s been busy all day, he must be hungry too.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: “…”
She had no intention of feeding him, but hearing her father-in-law say this, Ye Junqing looked at her with eyes full of expectation.
Ye Xingguang, feeling embarrassed under his gaze, extended her hand, bringing the wonton to his mouth, and reminded, “Be careful, it’s hot.”
As Ye Junqing swallowed the wonton into his mouth, she couldn’t help but ask: “Is it delicious?”
Ye Junqing nodded.
Ye Xingguang also tasted a couple, “I must admit, it’s really tasty. Where did you buy it?”
“An old shop.”
In the past, the chefs at home would prepare all kinds of delicacies from land and sea, which she took little interest in. She would sneak out to an old shop to eat wontons. Hence, he remembered this old shop and would always make a detour to buy a bowl of wontons from the old shop for her when he came home late.
“Tell me the address, I’ll go to the store and eat.”
Ye Xingguang relished eating.
Ye Junqing didn’t want to tell her the address. The cashier at the wonton shop was quite handsome: “Just tell me if you want to eat, I’ll bring it for you.”
Stingy!
Ye Xingguang spooned another one into his mouth. Ye Junqing quite enjoyed it and did not stop her.
A bowl of wontons, one mouthful for you and one for me, in such an ambiguous atmosphere that their hearts were both fluctuating wildly. Ye Junqing felt he needed to take a cold shower, or else he didn’t know why he felt hungrier the more he ate.
After he left to take a shower, she quickly received a message from him on WeChat: “Where did you put my shorts?”
“Aren’t they all in the wardrobe?” she replied.
After Xiao Yun brought his change of clothes last night, she put all his clothes in the wardrobe.
But Ye Junqing replied: “Can’t find them, come and help me find!”
###Chapter 347: The Big Cancer Trembles with Fear_1
Ye Xingguang hesitated a bit. Why should she be the one to find such a thing? She went to the bedroom reluctantly, only to find Yujian leisurely sitting on the sofa. He had casually wrapped a bath towel around his waist, and his still damp hair dripped with water. But it seemed like he couldn’t care less as he was busy texting on his phone.
Under the light, those robust pectorals and sexy abdominal muscles were a feast for the eyes.
Ye Xingguang was desperately trying not to be distracted. She walked towards the wardrobe to get his pants. It was so exasperating that he was just like her father in this aspect. Despite their intelligence in serious matters, when it came to finding clothes, they were completely clueless, relying solely on her mother.
“Isn’t it right here? How could you not find it in such an obvious place?”
Ye Xingguang pointed inside the wardrobe.
“Bring it here.” Yujian was still busy finishing a message on his phone.
Ye Xingguang blushed: “Why don’t you get it yourself?”
“No time.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”noveldrama
“What are you doing? Stop playing with your phone, come and get it yourself, I am leaving.”
But before she could take a step, Yujian threw out a line: “I’m dealing with the matter of other flashy women courting me; very busy. Hand that over and while you’re at it, fetch me the hairdryer. Normally, Fu Zhuo helps me with that, but I’ve blocked him now.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Was this man even serious?
Just today, she had seen Fu Zhuo in her living room, and he had thrown her a sharp, critical look!
However, noticing his fatigue hidden behind his brows, Ye Xingguang’s heart softened. Flicking back her hair and flushing red, she not only handed him his underwear but also found a change of clothes for him, finally fetching the hairdryer.
She placed the hairdryer within his reach and returned to her room to continue caring for her father.
After spending some time in her father’s hospital room, her phone ran out of battery. She returned to her room to find a charger, and saw that he had changed into his nightwear, but had not dried his hair. He was still sitting on the sofa texting, clearly not intending to dry his hair.
Helpless, Ye Xingguang went over again, picked up the hairdryer, and began drying his hair from behind.
She didn’t have the bad habit of peeking at others’ phones, so she didn’t know who he was texting. After she finished drying the back of his hair and moved around to his front, she noticed a distinct look of exhaustion on his face. Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel pity for him.
“I heard that today sister-in-law went to Xia’s family to look for Xia Yanyan and got in a car accident when she left. Should I go check up on sister-in-law?”
Yujian seemed indifferent, not even batting an eyelid, “What would you two even discuss at this point?”
She didn’t know either, but it didn’t seem right for her to do nothing. Yet, she had no idea what she could actually do at this point.
“Just stay here and take care of your father peacefully. Don’t go anywhere until things have been sorted out.”
The only thing Yujian worried about now was receiving a call from his father, who he had sent away, saying that he would arrive in the capital tomorrow and asked him personally to pick him up from the airport.
Once upon a time, Yujian was the least favored by his parents. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have immediately bewitched his mother to go on a worldwide tour, diverting his parents from the capital who disliked Xia Yanyan.
Yujian thought it was safer for her to stay in the hospital.
But no sooner had Yujian finished speaking did Yi Yujian send a message.
Ye Xingguang checked it: “Sister-in-law has messaged me saying that your parents are arriving in the capital tomorrow. She wants me to accompany her to the airport to receive them.”
[Author’s note: The story ends here for today. The update will continue after midnight tomorrow. Oh my, sister-in-law’s message will surely scare Yujian. Please vote, continue to vote, and vote some more for the monthly ticket and recommendation, thank you!]
###Chapter 348: She Thought She Was Quite Likeable_1
Ye Junqing’s heart leapt, as if his worst fear had come true: “Tell her that your dad can’t do without someone here.”
Ye Xingguang was also quite anxious, no girl would not be scared of meeting their in-laws for the first time, especially at such a critical moment, hearing Ye Junqing’s response, she breathed a sigh of relief.
But after responding, Yi Yujian sent another message.
Ye Xingguang’s heartbeat thundered: “My sister-in-law said, your mom called her and explicitly asked me to go to the airport tomorrow.”
Ye Junqing was fuming, his father had called him earlier to ask him to bring her along to the airport the next day, he had declined, but his mom got his sister-in-law to extend the invitation again. Ye Junqing threw out a question: “Who is more important, your dad or your mother-in-law?”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: “…”
How was she supposed to answer that question?
Of course, she could only say: “Both are equally important.”
Ye Junqing looked up at her, seeing that she didn’t catch the hint, he threw out another tough question: “My parents are quite difficult to get along with, they are very picky when it comes to daughters-in-law, you need to be mentally prepared.”
Ye Xingguang, who was already anxious, was startled and shrank back. She thought she was quite likable, but now that the Ye’s family was in an uproar, even if she was likable, she might not be able to win over her in-laws at this time.
“So what should we do? Should I tell my sister-in-law that I really can’t leave?”
“Yeah.” Ye Junqing’s tone relaxed a bit.
But then Yi Yujian sent another message, and Ye Xingguang took a look with a bitter face: “My sister-in-law said, my mother-in-law wants to see me. If I don’t go, it will leave a bad impression on my in-laws. If I can spare the time, I should try to spare it.”
Ye Junqing’s voice was filled with anger: “Tell her that there is absolutely no time. Your dad just came out of a critical condition; he can’t leave his daughter now. My parents will understand.”
Ye Xingguang followed Ye Junqing’s words and sent them over, then Yi Yujian responded.
Ye Xingguang said: “My sister-in-law said okay.”
Ye Junqing’s face relaxed a little.
But then, Yi Yujian sent another message right after.
“My sister-in-law said she will visit my dad at the hospital with my in-laws tomorrow. She asked me to tell her the address of the hospital. Or should I just go to the airport? I don’t want to let your parents meet my parents right now.”
What if his parents come to the hospital and ask her to back out on their own to solve the troubles of the Ye’s family, and it ends up upsetting her parents?
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to take that risk, and she didn’t want her parents to know that her official relationship with Ye Junqing was on the brink of collapse.
Ye Junqing: “…”
After Ye Xingguang returned to her father’s ward, Ye Junqing deliberated for a while, then called his father, Ye Baixiu. If Ye Xingguang couldn’t handle this herself, then he would refuse for her.
Ye Baixiu was frustrated on the phone: “Is it this difficult for your mother and I to meet your girlfriend? Are we tigers that could eat her up?”
Yes, they were tigers. If they scared away his little mermaid, where would he go to find her again in this vast ocean?
Ye Junqing opened the door to the villa’s balcony, standing in the night saying: “It’s not that we can’t meet, it’s just not the right time. Her father is critically ill and has to have a scan tomorrow afternoon. She can’t leave at all.”
“Is it that she can’t leave, or she doesn’t want to meet? Don’t play tricks on me, bring her tomorrow. I want to see what kind of girl it is that you’re going to such lengths to protect. If you don’t bring her, don’t bother showing up in front of me again. I will disown you as my son!”
The stern and icy voice was especially angry. If his son were in front of him right now, Ye Baixiu would probably pick up a stick and hit him!
###Chapter 349: Is the big malignant tumor even more cowardly than her? _1
Ye Junqing’s voice remained calm, his attitude firm, “I’m not being cunning with you. She’s timid and I’m worried you might scare away my wife. I’m already twenty-seven and established in my career, all I want now is to start a family with someone I love.”
“Have I ever said that I would scare her? Your mother and I just want to meet her!” In the end, Ye Baixiu couldn’t suppress his anger any longer.
Ye Junqing said, “If you really want to see her, I can send you her pictures, or you can look her up online. There are pictures of her there.”
Ye Baixiu couldn’t communicate with his son anymore, “I, your father, don’t look up such messy stuff on the internet! You’re defending her like this even before she becomes a member of our Ye family. If she does become a member, would you still have your parents in your eyes?”
“Don’t worry about that. It’s just that in this matter, it’s not her fault. She is the most innocent. I don’t want her to experience any kind of pressure. After everything is resolved, I will bring her to ask for a token from you and mom.”
Ye Baixiu directly handed the phone to Bai Peiluan, “Listen to this, listen to what kind of person your son has become! We haven’t even met the woman, and he’s already treating us like wicked in-laws. Once he gets a wife, he forgets his own mother. I’ve really wasted my years raising him!”
Bai Peiluan took the phone to calm down her husband, “Let me talk to Junqing.”
Then Bai Peiluan said, “Junqing, I promise you, your mother will not make things difficult for her.”
This was a promise she couldn’t truly make. After all, now was the worst time for them to meet. He had just tasted a bit of sweetness from her, a little bit of happiness that could disappear at any time. Ye Junqing couldn’t risk being careless.
Bai Peiluan tried to reason with her son for a long time, but he wouldn’t budge. Finally, Bai Peiluan lost her temper and said with a sorrowful tone, “If that’s the case, then we might as well not see each other ever again. Your father and I are not worth meeting your wife. Your mother understands now.”
After saying this, Bai Peiluan abruptly ended the call. Despite not being a wicked mother-in-law, her son was forcing her to become one!
Ye Junqing stared at his disconnected call, thinking about his parents’ words, and suddenly felt some regret. It seemed like he would have to bring her to meet his parents tomorrow after all.
…
The next day, on the way to the airport, Ye Junqing personally drove the car, with Ye Xingguang sitting in the passenger seat.noveldrama
She remembered what Bai Lanwu had said to her before they left, “Don’t be nervous. Little Ye’s mother isn’t the kind of wicked mother-in-law who likes to make things difficult for people. Just remember to be polite, smile a lot, speak sweetly, and you’ll be fine.”
But, how could her mother know whether Ye’s mother was difficult or not?
Anyway, she saw that Ye looked as if he was facing a great enemy while driving, which made her feel a great deal of anxiety.
Even Ye didn’t have confidence that his mother would like her. She was so nervous that her heart was in her throat long before they reached the airport.
When they arrived at the airport, she got out of the car and said, “Wait for me, I need to go to the restroom.”
She was so nervous that she needed to pee. This was so embarrassing.
To her surprise, Ye Junqing, who was usually unfazed by anything, hesitated and said, “Wait, I’ll go with you.”
Ye Xingguang was surprised, “Are you so nervous that you need to pee too?”
Ye Junqing: “!!!”
Looking down, he glared at her, “Do you think that’s likely?”
“Then you…?”
“Natural needs!” He spat out the words, his mood stormy.
“Oh, okay.”
So it was just a natural need. But why did he say it with such a fierce and scary tone?
However, just after the two came out of the restroom and arrived at the VIP pickup gate, within a few minutes, Ye went to the restroom again.
Ye Xingguang was stunned. This man… his ‘natural need’ came so quickly. He couldn’t possibly have kidney problems, could he?
###Chapter 350: Little Girl, We Meet Again_1
Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan emerged from the VIP passageway, only to find that their son and daughter-in-law were absent. With brows furrowed in worry, Bai Peiluan unexpectedly spotted the young woman who had saved her and her husband at sea, yet left without leaving her name?
Bai Peiluan excitedly jabbed at Ye Baixiu’s side. “Baixiu, see that girl? Isn’t she the one who saved us at sea? What a coincidence to meet her here!”
Ye Baixiu gazed intently and realized it was indeed her. Fate seemed to be playing some mysterious cards that day.
Ye Xingguang didn’t wear makeup today. To make a good impression on her in-laws, her face was scrubbed clean. She wore a pair of jeans, a white shirt, and her thick, wavy hair fell lightly over her shoulders. She looked both charming and beautiful.
After all, as her mother told her, elders usually like this kind of appearance, not overly seductive, just elegant and charming.
Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan strode over to Ye Xingguang, and Bai Peiluan extended her hand to grip Ye Xingguang’s. “Young lady, we meet again. It must be destiny.”
Ye Xingguang was surprised, but then she also recognized Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan, smiled back, “Uncle, Auntie, what a coincidence.”
“Completely unexpected indeed. Last time we parted, you didn’t leave any contact information. I’ve been regretting that. Please don’t disappear again. We must express our gratitude for your help. Do you live in the capital?” Bai Peiluan engaged in warm conversation.
Ye Xingguang shook her head. “No, I’m studying at a university here, now I work here.”
“Great, you work in the capital. Come visit us sometimes. I’ll cook for you personally. My cooking is not bad. Let’s go home with us now.”
“Auntie, maybe another day, I’m here to pick up someone today.”
“Who are you picking up? I’ll accompany you. Afterward, we can all go to our house for dinner.”
Regardless of anything, she must express her gratitude to the girl today.
Ye Xingguang said nervously, “Auntie, it’s really not convenient today. I’m here to pick up my future in-laws, whom I’ve never met. I’m so nervous. Could I come over for dinner another day?”
Bai Peiluan looked both regretful and envious. “Whose parents are so fortunate to have you as a daughter-in-law?”
Isn’t there some truth to the saying that comparisons lead to harm!
Her future daughter-in-law, after making a few phone calls, still couldn’t be persuaded to show up.
Bai Peiluan patted Ye Xingguang’s hand sympathetically.
“Don’t be nervous, young lady. With a daughter-in-law like you, your in-laws must be absolutely beaming.”
Ye Xingguang anxiously, tugged at her hair, “But they don’t seem to like me. My boyfriend is so nervous that he’s holed up in the restroom leaving me attending them. Auntie, could you teach me some common phrases that elders like? I simply don’t know how to respond if they don’t like me.”
“How could anyone not like you?” said Bai Peiluan, incredulous and perplexed.
If it were up to her, she would be over the moon. Unfortunately, people live their own lives, which often made her feel disheartened as she did not have such a wonderful daughter-in-law.
Ye Xingguang also felt wronged: “There are some reasons, and they might not want me to be their daughter-in-law. They might even ask me to break up with my boyfriend and I don’t know how to respond if that happens.”
The more Bai Peiluan listened, the more annoyed she became. Which in-laws didn’t know how to appreciate a good thing when they saw it?
Bai Peiluan held Ye Xingguang’s hand and spoke with earnestness, “Young lady, take Auntie’s advice. If the elders don’t see a value in your marriage, you should give it serious consideration. If it doesn’t work out, you should consider leaving…”noveldrama
###Chapter 351 – How Can Such a Coincidence Occur in the World?_1
Bai Peiluan wanted to say that there were many good young men in her aunt’s family who were unmarried. If others didn’t appreciate her, she could become a daughter-in-law in her family.
But before she could finish her sentence, a tall man suddenly walked up from the distance, stopping her with his deep voice, “Mother, what are you saying!”
Ye Junqing strode over, breaking up the two people’s handholding and firmly shielding Xiaoyuwei behind him. His face was cold. He really shouldn’t have brought Xiaoyuwei to meet his parents. It appears they were suggesting that they should break up if things weren’t going well. Who said things weren’t going well?
In the past, things were not going well, but now, it is clear that both sides have feelings for each other and everything is moving in a positive direction!
Ye Baixiu, standing on the side, seeing that his son came over and acted coldly towards his wife, became angrily red in the face. He picked up his suitcase and swung it at his son, “What kind of way is that to speak to your mother, you rotten kid!”
Ye Junqing took the hit solidly, without dodging, but his attitude to protect his wife was resolute. His face was icy, “Don’t scare her away with your words. If she leaves, don’t even think about having grandchildren.”
Bai Peiluan was puzzled by her son’s actions: “Who did I scare away? You child, where is your girlfriend? Did you come alone, or did you not bring her with you?”
Ye Xingguang, standing behind Ye Junqing, hearing their conversation, was dumbfounded.
She timidly peeked out from behind Ye Junqing, looking up at his cold face, then looking back at the aunt and uncle in front of her, somewhat in disbelief yet also like she had just understood something. She meekly raised her hand, “Auntie, I am his girlfriend.”
Bai Peiluan: “…”
Ye Baixiu: “…”
It was as if Bai Peiluan hadn’t processed what she’d just heard. She paused for a moment before asking again, “Little girl, what did you say? Who is your boyfriend?”
Ye Xingguang walked out from behind Ye Junqing, pointing at the man next to her, “It’s him.”
She was now insanely embarrassed. Who would’ve thought the aunt and uncle she accidentally helped in the past were actually the parents of the big jerk?!
But wait!!!
She had just told her future mother-in-law that she was afraid her in-laws wouldn’t like her!noveldrama
Oh my God, she just wanted to find a block of tofu and knock herself out!
Why was she so unlucky?
“Little girl, are you telling the truth? Are you really the girlfriend of my good-for-nothing son?” Bai Peiluan, not quite convinced, looked from her to her son, who was clearly devoted to her. Suddenly delighted, “You guys aren’t trying to fool your dad and me, are you? How could there be such a coincidence in the world?”
Ye Xingguang awkwardly brushed her hair, conflicted and embarrassed.
“Auntie, it is really just that coincidental. Auntie, let me help you with your bags.”
After saying that, Ye Xingguang picked up Bai Peiluan’s suitcase from the ground, then nudged Ye Junqing, whispering, “Auntie didn’t say anything to me, we were just catching up, we’ve met before.”
“What’s going on?” Ye Junqing also noticed that something was off.
“So, are you actually my daughter-in-law? Son, is she?” Bai Peiluan sought further confirmation.
Once her son nodded, Bai Peiluan made a clicking sound, grinning widely. She quickly took the bag from her daughter-in-law, handed it to her son, and grabbing her daughter-in-law’s hand, “My, my, this is really quite the surprise. Who would have thought, a family oblivious to the fact that they’re all family! Let’s go home, let’s go home.”
The angry look on Ye Baixiu’s face was replaced with a smile, he cast a stern glance at his son: “Finally, you’ve done something meaningful!”
Ye Junqing, both holding the bag and pulling the suitcase, stared as his parents coddled Xiaoyuwei. The sight was too beautiful, and felt too unreal!
What was happening? Was this scene simply a figment of his imagination?
###Chapter 352: I and His Father Have Decided on You as Our Daughter-in-law! _1
Because the media was hounding Ye Shiting non-stop, even Yi Yujian didn’t dare to appear at the airport. He stayed in the airport parking lot, worried about whether his father-in-law and mother-in-law would express disapproval of his younger brother and sister-in-law because of the political situation. He paced restlessly in his car.
Almost ready to step out of the car to provide some support for his younger siblings, he was surprised to see his mother-in-law happily chatting with Ye Xingguang, holding her hand. The sight of them was like a refreshing breeze.
Immediately hopping out of his car, Yi Yujian approached them, “Mom, Dad, how was your trip? Was it tiring?”
Still holding Ye Xingguang’s hand, Bai Peiluan replied, “Let’s talk inside the car. I think I just saw a reporter.”
Everyone promptly got into Yi Yujian’s car.
Ye Junqing handed his car keys to the driver and got into the driver’s seat of Yi Yujian’s car, driving it away.
During the drive, Bai Peiluan relayed the thrilling adventure of encountering pirates and being saved by Ye Xingguang, making Yi Yujian’s heart pound in his chest. “How could you have encountered pirates? Was Dad really threatened with a gun? Are pirates that audacious now?”
“Luckily, my daughter-in-law bravely fought back, otherwise we would have been kidnapped by the pirates.” Bai Peiluan remarked, still somewhat shaken.
But Ye Junqing, listening to his parents’ account, had a grave expression on his face.
That girl, once again risking her life to rescue his family members out of consideration for him… She had single-handedly confronted pirates armed with guns. What if someone had shot at her? The consequences didn’t bear thinking about. He knew she loved him, but he hadn’t asked her to risk her life for him!
Yi Yujian, in both shock and admiration, patted his own chest, “It’s a miracle that she can control sharks. Isn’t that incredible?”
Both Bai Peiluan and Ye Baixiu were equally puzzled, casting inquiring looks at Ye Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang fabricated a plausible explanation with a grin, “When I was young, I lived by the sea and happened to save a shark. It turned out that shark was the king of sharks. I don’t really know how it happened, but from then on, many sharks were friendly to me. If I sang, they would follow my orders.”
Yi Yujian was all ears, “Truly, in this vast world, nothing is impossible.”
“Yes, it’s all about timing and chance.”
Yi Yujian retorted, “It’s not merely chance. Clearly, it’s a blessing from heaven. She’s our family’s lucky star. She rescued Shiting before, and now she’s saved our parents. You would agree, wouldn’t you, Mom and Dad? This girl picked to be my brother’s wife is definitely better than Xia Yanyan.”
Merely mentioning Xia Yanyan annoyed Yi Yujian!
Even though Xia Yanyan was his cousin, Yi Yujian found it hard to tolerate her now.
Bai Peiluan laughed happily, but abruptly grew serious. “What’s gotten into Yanyan? Even if the marriage alliance didn’t work out, she should still observe familial courtesies. How could she abuse her privilege to cause such a calamity for our family?”
At mentioning this, Yi Yujian’s face turned gloomy, “I’m trying to make her back down voluntarily, but she’s made up her mind.”
Ye Baixiu, who used to favor Xia Yanyan and was in favor of the marriage alliance, no longer supported her after she caused his eldest son to lose the presidential race. He believed she was acting out of spite.
Suddenly, Ye Baixiu, who had been silent so far, sternly declared, “Our Ye family won’t be threatened by a young woman!”
Bai Peiluan nodded in agreement.
Thinking about how their daughter-in-law was anxiously waiting at the airport, perhaps being afraid that they would and try to break up the couple, Bai Peiluan patted Ye Xingguang’s hand and said, “Don’t worry, your mother-in-law and father-in-law approve of you.”noveldrama
###Chapter 353 How are you so awesome?_1 
Ye Xingguang breathed a sigh of relief. Even now, she felt somewhat surreal. What kind of luck did she have to save her future in-laws at the critical moment and unexpectedly win their favor? 
When the car arrived at the Ye family’s house, Ye Junqing got out of the car and went over to her. He bent down, avoiding his parents, and kissed her on the cheek. 
Ye Xingguang’s heart fluttered, and she whispered, “What’s going on?” 
“How can you be so amazing?” Ye Junqing left her with these words before going to retrieve the luggage from the trunk. 
Ye Xingguang followed him and volunteered to help with the luggage. Upon hearing his words, she started humming off-key, with a satisfied grin. 
Bai Peiluan, thinking Ye Xingguang was doing the heavy lifting again, came over and took her hand, “Xingguang, leave these tasks to the men. I heard your father is currently in the hospital. How is his condition? We should find a chance to go and visit your parents in the hospital.” 
“Aunt…” 
“Call me mom!” 
Just as Ye Junqing had started calling her parents by their respective titles, Ye Xingguang sweetly called her, “Mom.” 
“Good.” 
Bai Peiluan led her into the house. 
Ye Xingguang said, “Mom, although my dad’s condition has stabilized, he isn’t fit for visitors yet. After I discuss this with my parents, I’ll arrange a meeting for you all. Is that okay?” 
Bai Peiluan replied, “That will work. Let’s wait until all our family matters are sorted out and your parents feel assured. Then we can all have a meal together. In the meantime, please convey our regards to them.” 
Ye Xingguang let out a sigh of relief, “Ok.” 
Because Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan had returned home from their trip, all of the sons of the Ye family, whether biological or foster, rushed back to have a reunion dinner at the couple’s villa that evening. 
One by one, luxury cars parked in front of the yard, and a stream of capable and talented young men entered the house. Once inside, though, they were clearly divided at the long dining table. 
Lin Nan, Tang Xiao, Mu Nianbai, and Mo Zhe all sat on Ye Shiting’s side, maintaining stern expressions and showing no interest in engaging with Ye Junqing. 
On Ye Junqing’s side, Fu Zhuo, Tang Zhou, and Ji Qishu were all advising him to reconcile the disagreement. Mo Fei, the only silent one, was sitting on the side, engrossed in a game on his phone. 
Ye Junqing, irritated, finally blurted out, “I have made up my mind on this issue. I will not marry Xia Yanyan. I may lose this presidential election, but there is another one in four years. Marriage, however, is for life, and I cannot agree to this!” 
Hearing this, Ye Shiting slammed his teacup on the table, making a loud bang that scared the maids serving dishes. They didn’t dare to breathe a word, quickly placing the dishes on the table before scampering away. noveldrama
However, as they reached the door, they could still hear Ye Shiting’s voice, “You must marry Xia Yanyan for me. This is not only about my presidency, but also about your potential three-year jail term. You have to listen to me!” 
Ye Junqing glared at Ye Shiting with a cold face and said, “That’s impossible! Even if it’s six years, if I do not wish to marry someone, no one can force me!” 
The tension between the brothers was palpable, with a fight seeming imminent. 
At this moment, Ye Baixiu came down from upstairs, calling out sternly, “Both of you, shut up!” 
After walking down the stairs, Ye Baixiu picked up an ashtray from the table and threw it towards Ye Shiting, “Look at you now, you have guts! In order to secure your position as president, you’re willing to ruin your brother’s happiness for life. Let me tell you, Xingguang saved me and your mother. She is our benefactor. Your mother and I have already accepted her as our daughter-in-law.”
###Chapter 354: What Do You Plan to Do About It?_1 
Ye Shiting didn’t dodge, the ashtray hit him squarely in the face, covering him with a layer of ash and bruising his forehead, but he didn’t grunt in pain. Instead, he looked at Ye Baixiu and said, “Not only for my presidency but also to prevent our brother from ending in jail.” 
“Jail? Couldn’t we think of another solution instead of succumbing to the threats of that girl from the Xia’s family?” 
At this time, Bai Peiluan, who heard the brothers arguing, descended the stairs with Ye Xingguang in tow. “Your father is right,” she said. “If Xingguang hadn’t saved you from the exploding gas station, you would be dead and wouldn’t be running for president now. If you’re going to be so ungrateful, you can leave. I don’t want to see you at tonight’s family dinner.” 
Ye Shiting stood up, his face darkening: “I could repay my debt of life in other ways. But right now, only having Jun Qing marry Xia Yanyan will solve the problems we face.” 
Ye Baixiu, seeing his son’s callousness, not only cold and heartless but also leaving his daughter-in-law in an awkward position, raised his hand pointing to the door in anger: “Get out of my sight. The farther you go, the better. I don’t want to see you right now!” 
Ye Shiting really kicked the chair and let out: “You’re all too emotional. You have no idea how much effort and hard work my team and I have put in for the presidency, all of which is going to waste now. Has anyone considered how I feel about that?” 
With that, he took his leave. 
Lin Nan stood up and said, “Godfather, we know this is hard on Jun Qing. But isn’t every marriage of the rich and powerful made in order to consolidate power? If we choose this path, we must all be prepared to do whatever it takes to get that position. We can’t agree with the way you talk to Brother Ting.” noveldrama
Hearing this, Ye Baixiu’s face hardened: “Anyone who doesn’t want to eat, get out!” 
With that, Tang Xiao, Mu Nianbai, and Mo Zhe all got up and followed Lin Nan out, their attitudes firm and clear. 
Ye Xingguang stood by Bai Peiluan, biting her lip, feeling both wronged and torn. She really didn’t want the brothers to fall out like this. 
If only she had a month, she could change the situation. 
“Xingguang, don’t worry about them. Let’s sit down and eat,” Bai Peiluan brought her downstairs. 
Ye Xingguang nodded and sat next to Ye Junqing. But the meal was tasteless to her. 
Midway through, it suddenly occurred to her that the “Regret Pill,” while it could change one’s fate, had only a minute impact on others. So if Ye Shiting failed in the presidential race, he might very well lose the chance to become the president. 
The “Regret Pill” was not omnipotent after all. 
After dinner, she and her patient returned to the hospital. 
On the way, she couldn’t help but ask in a low voice, “What are you planning to do about this? Can you guarantee that your brother’s campaign won’t be postponed? There are only seven days left until the final round of voting. If he fails this election, will he blame me in the future?” 
Ye Junqing held her hand, his voice deep: “He doesn’t care about your or my feelings, so you don’t need to worry about the nonsense he talks!” 
“But he is still your elder brother…” 
“I don’t have such a brother!” Ye Junqing’s voice lacked calm. 
Ye Xingguang poked his leg twice, “Just tell me what you plan to do, I need to know.”
###Chapter 355: So It’s a Big Malignant Tumor Not Allowed?_1
Unfortunately, Ye Junqi did not respond.
Ye Xingguang was anxious, turning to her phone to read the online comments. The whole internet sphere was condemning Ye Shiting, labelling him as the culprit of the gas station explosion. They claimed he had sacrificed the lives of over a dozen bodyguards just to attack Lawson Perry. Such a person was unfit to be the President, they said, voicing their pleasure over his disqualification.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t stand it any longer: “Why don’t you ask your brother to clarify? His disqualification from the presidential election is not because of the gas station explosion. It’s because Xia Yanyan wants to marry you, but you refuse.”
“Why do you care if he’s being blamed, given how ruthlessly he’s treated you?” she asked.
“That’s another issue. How about I post a Weibo status to clarify for your brother? I have quite a number of followers.”
As she was about to post on Weibo, Ye Junqi swiftly took away her phone as if terrified of her making a post.
Ye Junqi sternly said: “Why would you do that? Do you want the whole nation to turn and blame me, disregarding brotherly love?”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: “…I don’t think netizens would be unable to tell right from wrong, would they?”
Ye Junqi scoffed, “Even the brothers I grew up with can’t empathize with my perspective, let alone netizens. Currently, my older brother is just pressuring me with our family. Once the media reports it, who knows whether he will use the public’s opinion to force me into submission?”
His words…seemed to make sense?
She could understand why the other media outlets remained silent. After all, other presidential candidates were more than happy to see Ye Shiting get embroiled in such a scandal. The media outlets supporting them naturally would stay quiet. However, even Ye’s own media outlets didn’t stand up for him. Was it because the big cancer didn’t allow it?
This was indeed…a case of brothers turning on each other.
When the car reached the hospital, Ye Junqi didn’t get out. Instead, he waited for Ye Xingguang to call her mother Bai Lanwu and take her shopping for clothes.
Ye Junqi took the mother-daughter pair to a shopping mall famous for its luxury stores. He stayed in the car, dealing with official business while he waited.
Ye Xingguang held her mother’s hand as they strolled around, putting the troubles to one side. She told Bai Lanwu how she had accidentally saved her parents-in-law and managed to win their hearts. Bai Lanwu found this very reassuring.
The two of them went straight up to the third floor, the customized area, where there were very few ready-made clothes. Instead, famous designers tailor-made clothes for customers.
Ye Xingguang had never been there before but Bai Lanwu was familiar with the place. She took her daughter to a decades-old shop, intending to have a few outfits tailor-made for her to wear when she gets engaged.
Futhermore, she heard her daughter owed the First Lady a dress. To compensate, they should give her a better one. Though the shop appears small and unimpressive, many nobles and socialites had to book a month in advance just to get a custom-made dress. If they offer the First Lady a dress from here, it wouldn’t be too shabby.
Xia Yanyan was also in the shop, there to pick up an outfit. She had ordered a set for Bai Peiluan, her future mother-in-law, as a way to curry favor. However, she received a phone call and nearly dropped her phone in shock.
“What’s wrong? Another mood swing?” Pan Huaiyun was there to accompany her to pick up the clothes.
A look of defeat dominated Xia Yanyan’s haughty face: “I just received news that Ye Junqi’s parents are back, and they asked my cousin’s husband to leave. They only recognise White Lotus as their daughter-in-law and would absolutely not let Junqi marry me!”
Pan Huaiyun was secretly pleased, yet she didn’t let it show: “Haven’t the elders of Ye’s family always adored you? Are you sure the news is accurate?”
Xia Yanyan was beyond frustrated, on the verge of exploding: “I have several maids under my control at the Ye’s who heard it with their own ears. White Lotus actually saved Ye Junqi’s parents! They are even disregarding their son’s presidential election in favour of their daughter-in-law. Have they eaten some kind of bewitching drug from White Lotus?!”
[Author’s note: The update ends here for today. I’ll continue updating after midnight. Hope you all have a joyful Christmas Eve. Meanwhile, please continue voting, continue supporting, continue sending red beans…]
###Chapter 356 Tell everyone, she is a national treasure! _1
Pan Huaiyun was surprised, “What life-saving favor?”
Xia Yanyan didn’t know either. The maid had caught only half of the story, “It seems that Uncle Ye and Aunt Ye went for a sea vacation and encountered pirates. That Little White Lotus supposedly saved them. Are you kidding? How can she even stand a chance against pirates?”
Pan Huaiyun also found it hard to believe. She sent a message to her father, asking him to investigate the matter.
Soon after, her father had found a news report from two days ago.noveldrama
The news report stated that a cruise ship had been robbed bare by pirates at sea. But there was an unexpected twist. A mysterious woman apparently snatched everyone’s possessions back.
Among the comments left by those involved in the incident, it was mentioned that even the parents of Ye Junqing and Ye Shiting were taken away by the pirates but later returned with all their possessions, narrowly escaping death.
When Pan Huaiyun saw this news, she was ecstatic. If the elders of the Ye family were grateful for the life-saving assistance, it would be harder for Ye Shiting to jump back in the race.
This could be the stroke of luck her father was waiting for!
With Bai Lanwu’s hand in hers, Ye Xingguang walked into the shop, “Mom, have you been here before? You seem more familiar with this place than I am.”
Bai Lanwu chuckled, “This shop does custom tailoring. I had a few outfits made for you to wear for your engagement.”
An engagement? Already?
Ye Xingguang blushed like a young girl, “Isn’t it too soon? We’ve only just decided to give it a shot.”
“No one said the engagement is happening right away. Just preparing the outfit in advance.”
“Oh.”
Right after Ye Xingguang spoke, she looked up and saw Xia Yanyan.
Eh…
What are the odds of running into her here!
But Xia Yanyan didn’t recognize Ye Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang touched her face in realization, she hadn’t put on makeup today so Xia Yanyan couldn’t recognise her?
At this moment, a sales associate came over and asked what kind of attire they wanted to custom make.
Bai Lanwu said, “I would like to order an engagement dress for my daughter.”
The sales associate questioned, “Did you make a prior reservation? If not, it might take up to a year to tailor the dress. Our designer has a policy of making only one dress a month. Depending on the overall image of the customer, the designer tailors a suitable dress. Therefore we do not accept rush orders.”
Bai Lanwu chuckled, “I understand. I booked it already, here to collect the dress. My name is Bai Lanwu.”
The sales associate nodded, “Alright, please wait.”
Over to the side, Xia Yanyan was talking to Pan Huaiyun, “This is not going well. I’ll become a public enemy. I must push the court to proceed as soon as possible. If I don’t push Ye Junqing to change his mind and my cousin-in-law misses the presidential race, I’ll be despised by both the Ye family and my grandmother’s family!”
Pan Huaiyun said, “Isn’t that a bit exaggerated? Legal proceedings don’t usually move that fast.”
Xia Yanyan felt like she was backed into a corner, “Isn’t it? What if my cousin-in-law can’t run for the presidency? Wouldn’t I be despised by the Ye family? Today my grandma even phoned me. Huaiyun, ask your father to expedite the trial, it’s hard to believe that in the face of a three-year imprisonment, Ye Junqing would still refuse to compromise, the Ye elders would still calmly stand by that Little White Lotus.”
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat, if Ye Junqing fails to resolve the current predicament before trial, wouldn’t he end up in jail?
Anger surged within Ye Xingguang. If that’s the case, she would just reveal her real identity as a national treasure before the trial!
###Chapter 357: Little Girl, My Family Isn’t Lacking Money_1
Off to the side, after checking the computer, the sales assistant approached and said, “Miss Bai, the dress you ordered is ready. Please take a seat here while I get it for you.”
“Thank you.”
Ye Xingguang was surprised, “Mom, when did you order a dress for me?”
Bai Lanwu said, “I ordered it for you over the phone before you graduated from college. It’ll be good to try it on tonight. If you don’t like its fit, we can have it remade.”
“Oh.”
Soon, the sales assistant had someone roll out three mobile clothing racks. Three evening gowns on the racks not only caught Ye Xingguang’s eye but also those of Xia Yanyan and Pan Huaiyun standing nearby. The dresses were just too beautiful.
Xia Yanyan thought that one of the dresses was perfect for her to wear at her upcoming engagement party with the Ye’s family.
Pan Huaiyun felt that one of the dresses would be perfectly suited for the day her father assumed the presidency.
Ye Xingguang, on the other hand, believed that one of the evening gowns would be perfect as recompense for the president’s wife.
The sales assistant said, “Miss Bai, the three gowns you ordered are here. As for fittings, we offer complimentary makeovers to enhance the look of the dress on you.”
Bai Lanwu stood in front of the three dresses and nodded approvingly, “Just do a simple hairdo for my daughter. She is already very beautiful.”noveldrama
The assistant looked at Ye Xingguang and agreed, “Your daughter’s beauty likely outshines any movie star. A simple hairdo would be incomparable on an ordinary person. Miss, please follow me.”
Xingguang said, “There’s no need, it’s too much of a hassle. I’ll just try it on as is.”
As expected of any girl, Ye Xingguang was eager to try on the beautiful dress immediately.
Bai Lanwu chuckled, “As you wish, your mother will be waiting here.”
As Ye Xingguang took the dress to change, Xia Yanyan, unable to contain herself, walked up to Bai Lanwu, “Ma’am, could you sell this dress to me? Whatever price you name, I am willing to buy.”
Bai Lanwu sat on a nearby couch, accepting tea from the sales assistant, and replied with an elegant smile, not uttering a word.
Pan Huaiyun also said, “Aunt, I have my eyes set on this dress. Could you sell it to me? I’m willing to pay ten times the cost you’ve customized it for. What do you think?”
After a sip of her chrysanthemum tea, Bai Lanwu politely refused, “I’m sorry, young lady, my family does not need the money.”
Of course, Xia Yanyan and Pan Huaiyun knew that those who could afford to have clothes made at this store were not lacking in wealth. But a price can’t be put on a person’s longing, so they gave it one more shot after a quick exchange of glances.
Xia Yanyan asked the assistant, “Does the store have another one of this dress?”
The assistant replied, “Miss Xia, as you well know, our shop policy is that all dresses are custom-made. The designer never replicates a design or even makes similar styles. Each dress is unique. Would you like to order another? Trust me, every creation of our designer is a masterpiece.”
However, Xia Yanyan, looking at the dress on the rack, couldn’t take her eye off it, “I only want this one. Why don’t you sell me this one first? I’m willing to pay ten times the price. Ownership of the dress should still be with the store before it’s handed over to the customer, shouldn’t it?”
###Chapter 358 Tell the President, She is also a Mermaid! _1
The salesperson was in a difficult position: “I’m really sorry, Miss Xia, doing so would ruin our store’s reputation. As you know, our designers are very proud and they wouldn’t approve of treating customers who have made appointments like this.”
Xia Yanyan frowned, turning towards Bai Lanwu, pushing her luck: “Auntie, you must have seen me on TV. I’m Xia Yanyan, my friend here is the daughter of Vice President Pan. We don’t intend to steal this dress; we’re just willing to pay a high price for it. Could we persuade you to let us have the dress?”
Pan Huaiyun used her position as the Vice President’s daughter to exert pressure.
Bai Lanwu set her chrysanthemum tea to the side and casually glanced through a magazine in the store, treating the two women as if they were invisible.
Xia Yanyan and Pan Huaiyun: “…”
Ye Xingguang emerged from the dressing room after changing clothes.
She was wearing a white hollow-out bodice dress adorned with sparkling snowflake diamonds. The combination of hollow-out and strapless made her exceptionally glamorous. Standing under the unique lighting in the store, she looked like a fairy.
Bai Lanwu put down the magazine and walked over to her daughter.
Although the salesperson was used to seeing the designer’s extraordinary creations, they couldn’t help but gasp at the sight of Ye Xingguang.
“Miss, this dress suits your temperament perfectly. I believe that you will be the most eye-catching star at any banquet or event. Our designers have never disappointed.”
Ye Xingguang stood in front of the mirror, also thinking the dress looked good: “Mom, what do you think?”
Ye Xingguang suddenly asked again:”Mom, what do you think?”
Bai Lanwu said, “It looks good, my daughter is becoming more and more beautiful.”
Ye Xingguang looked at the sparkling snowflake diamonds on the dress. “Is this dress too expensive?”
Bai Lanwu said, “I’ve already paid for it. Spending money to prevent disasters is a good omen. It should bring your father good luck.”
“Alright, spending money to prevent disasters, I like those words as well. I’ll go and try on the other two dresses.”
The other two dresses also looked good when she tried them on. After the dresses were wrapped by the salesperson, the mother and daughter left with the dresses.
Watching them go, Xia Yanyan and Pan Huaiyun could only stand there helplessly. No matter how much they desired the dress Ye Xingguang held in her hand, it was now out of their reach.
The more Xia Yanyan thought about it, the angrier she became. She couldn’t get the man she liked and now even the dress she liked was out of reach!
When she left the mall and parted ways with Pan Huaiyun, Xia Yanyan was so irritated, she dialed the National Treasure Committee immediately. She was determined to get them to hurry the court into scheduling a hearing. If they did not deliver a judgement before the Presidential election, it would be too late!
Afterward, Ye Xingguang accompanied her mother shopping for more clothes and bought ten shirts for Ye Junqing. On the way home she was preoccupied with the same thing. If she didn’t see any changes in the situation before the court hearing, she would go to the President’s house and tell Yanbei that she was also a mermaid!
Although she didn’t want to reveal her identity, it appeared that there were no better options.
Time flew, and five days had passed.
That day was the court hearing following Ye Junqing’s rejection and subsequent lawsuit from the National Treasure.noveldrama
On the morning of the day, Ye Xingguang had yet to see any practical measures taken by the so-called trouble solver who claimed they could resolve the crisis. Instead, she received a summons from the court and had no choice but to attend the court hearing as the accused.
Unable to hold back her anxiety about the court hearing in the afternoon, Ye Xingguang took the dress she had custom-made at the boutique and went to the President’s house in the morning.
###Chapter 359: I am Coming Today as a Mermaid_1
When Ye Tingnan heard that she was coming to apologize for the damaged dress, she invited her to sit in the living room of the presidential residence and chastised her lightly, “It’s just a dress, it doesn’t matter if it’s ruined, why apologize for it? You keep calling me ‘elder cousin-in-law’, but you don’t treat me like family.”
While sipping honey grapefruit tea, Ye Xingguang retorted, “I didn’t come just to apologize for the dress, actually, I seldom come visit unless I have a matter to discuss. Elder cousin-in-law, is my elder cousin here? I have something to ask him.”
I see.
Ye Tingnan assumed she knew why Ye Xingguang had come and consoled her, “Don’t worry, Yanbei is in a meeting right now. After his meeting, I will arrange for you two to meet.”
“Thank you, elder cousin-in-law.”
Twenty minutes later, Ye Xingguang entered the President’s office.
Yanbei beckoned her to sit and prepared to pour her a cup of tea himself.
Ye Xingguang quickly shook her head, “Elder cousin, I don’t drink tea, I know you’re busy, I won’t take up too much of your time. I just want to ask, does being a National Treasure come with privileges, like choosing any unmarried man I want?”
“This is still about Xia Yanyan using her privilege to steal your man?”noveldrama
Recalling last time when she wanted to trade regret-medicine for privilege to suppress Xia Yanyan, Yanbei had already guessed her purpose for this visit.
“Mmm, just tell me, as long as one is a National Treasure, can anyone choose any man they want?”
She didn’t want to see Ye Junqing and his brother become enemies anymore, didn’t want to see the internet criticizing Ye Shiting, even though she was extremely unwilling to let anyone know that she was
a mermaid. But right now, she couldn’t cry regret-medicine, and while Ye Junqing claimed to have a solution, he hadn’t made any progress, she was really at a dead-end, unable to find a better way to solve the Ye’s Family’s crisis.
Apart from telling everyone that she too was a mermaid, that she was also a National Treasure, she was out of other options.
Yanbei still humbly poured her a cup of tea and handed it to her, and asked instead of replying, “Do you like Ye Junqing that much?”
She nodded.
“How much do you like him?”
How much she liked him, she really hadn’t thought about that.
At the moment, she felt she was just at the initial stage of wanting to give it a try with the big malignant tumor (Ye Junqing).
That the big malignant tumor would rather be in odds with his brother than give up on her, it touched her deeply, so she couldn’t just stand by and watch as the Ye family’s situation got increasingly worse. She did not want him to get involved in a lawsuit, standing in court as a defendant.
She had given the big malignant tumor several days to deal with this matter, but the man who swore he had a solution, didn’t have one at all. Depending on him was less reliable than depending on herself!
Thinking about it, Ye Xingguang raised her head, urgently asking, “Elder cousin, if I am also a National Treasure, and since I am already Ye Junqing’s official wife,
as fellow National Treasures, shouldn’t there be an order of precedence? Since the country has already assigned Ye Junqing to me, wouldn’t it be justified for Ye Junqing to reject Xia Yanyan? He wouldn’t need to be sued in court, right?”
Yanbei patted her shoulder and said, “Your assumption is invalid. First, have some tea and calm down.”
Given the circumstances, how could she calm down?
Ye Xingguang took a deep breath and said defiantly, “Who says this assumption is invalid? Who said that there is only one National Treasure, Xia Yanyan, in this world? Elder cousin, I am a mermaid, I am a National Treasure. I am here today as a mermaid, asking you to immediately notify the court to drop the charges against Ye Junqing. If you don’t believe me, I can jump right into the swimming pool at the waterside music hall to prove to you that I’m not just talking big!”
[Author’s note: Goodnight, continue to ask for votes, monthly passes, and ‘red beans’, PS, there will be more updates tomorrow morning.]
###Chapter 360: Aren’t you afraid he’ll really be sentenced to prison?_1
In the afternoon, at two-thirty, Beiyuan District Court in the capital city is about to open the case regarding Ye Junqing’s refusal to accept the National Treasure.
As there was no publicity or reporting, not many people knew about this case, and there weren’t many spectators. Only the Ye’s family, who had an interest in the case, the Yee’s family, who was concerned about whether their son-in-law still had any chance of running for the presidency, Han Chengbei, who was worried about whether Ye Xingguang would be abandoned, and Pan Huaiyun who had accompanied Xia Yanyan, were present.
The Ye’s family had occupied the front row, and the Yee’s family had occupied the conspicuous seats in the second row.
When Xia Yanyan arrived, she wanted to greet her grandfather, grandmother, aunt, and uncle, but no one acknowledged her. Everything was instigated by her.
Xia Yanyan felt bored and sat with Pan Huaiwen. She took a small mirror out of her handbag and touched up her lipstick.
Pan Huaiwen was sitting next to her: “Why were you so late in leaving the house today? You almost missed the court opening.”
Xia Yanyan said, “Don’t remind me. I’ve been scolded by my brother every day. Right before I left the house, my brother wanted me to cancel the marriage application. This time, I will definitely not listen to him. I don’t believe that at this point, Ye Junqing won’t change his stance!”
Although she was talking tough, Xia Yanyan felt extremely uneasy. She had bet everything on Ye Junqing eventually giving in. But what if he really didn’t back down and ended up being sentenced to three years in prison?
If Ye Junqing was sentenced, she would truly be in a quandary, treated as a thorn in the side by the Ye’s family, and resented for a lifetime.
Her mind was filled with the earnest words her brother had spoken these days.
Her brother said that if she is stubborn, everyone in the Ye’s family will hate her. A man would rather go to jail than marry her, and she would become a national laughingstock.noveldrama
Xia Yanyan clutched her lipstick in her hand tightly, even harder…
Pan Huaiwen comforted her: “Don’t worry. Three years’ imprisonment, saying goodbye to Ye Shiting’s presidential election, all the members of the Ye family being stripped of their political rights for life, these are not jokes. I believe that Ye Junqing is not that stupid. If he were to pay such a big price for an island village girl, he will lose all his brothers. Look at the people from the Ye’s family in the front row, they will all leave Ye Junqing.”
Still, Xia Yanyan was anxious.
Pan Huaiwen said, “All the adopted sons of the Ye’s family are registered under Ye’s family name. If Ye Junqing refuses to marry you, all the people, including Lin Nan, Tang Xiao, Mu Nianbai, and Mo Zhe, will lose their political rights forever from today, and Ye’s family will completely fall from the political arena. Do you think Ye Junqing can afford to play this game?”
Upon hearing this, Xia Yanyan arrogantly lifted the corner of her mouth, suddenly feeling confident.
Having said that, Pan Huaiyun prayed in his heart: Ye Junqing, don’t let me down. Please continue to be a man who is blinded by love. I’m willing to idolize you for a lifetime.
At that moment, the judge and all the jurors were already in place.
Finally, a tall and slender figure calmly walked to the defendant’s stand under the public gaze. It was Ye Junqing.
He was wearing a new white shirt that Ye Xingguang had bought for him. He casually sat down on the defendant’s seat. Although he was there to be tried, his calm and elegant demeanor made it seem as if he was just there for a meeting.
After he sat down, his sharp gaze swept across the spectator stand. Not seeing Ye Xingguang, he didn’t know whether to feel relieved or disappointed?
This girl, she really was stable. Wasn’t she afraid that he might genuinely end up in jail? Or on a whim, he might change his mind and marry Xia Yanyan?
###Chapter 361: Did you even ask if I, Han Chengbei, agree or not? _1 
Once everyone was in place, the proceedings followed the usual course. 
Xia Yanyan was sitting in the spectator’s seat, staring almost infatuatedly at the man in the defendant’s box, still absolutely flawless. She didn’t like him being judged from this position, he should be adored and admired by all. However, there was no other way. In order to win this man, she had to bear to see him become a target of public criticism. 
After reading the charges faced by Ye Junqing, the prosecutor moved up to the defendant’s box and asked, “According to related laws and regulations, National Treasure Xia Yanyan has the right to propose marriage to any unmarried man, and the man has no right to refuse. Once a refusal has been made, harsh punishment should be accepted. Mr. Ye, please answer truthfully in front of His Honor, have you seriously considered this, and are you certain in your refusal?” 
Everyone’s hearts were hanging on his answer at that moment. 
Ye Junqing, sitting solemnly in the defendant’s box, didn’t answer. Yi Yujian, sitting in the spectator’s seat, couldn’t contain herself, stood up excitedly, her voice desperate and helpless, “Second Brother!” 
Ye Junqing turned to look at Yi Yujian. 
Yi Yujian’s eyes were full of hope for his careful consideration. noveldrama
Even Pan Huaiwen, sitting in the spectators’ seat, couldn’t help but sympathize with her pitiful sight. After all, once Ye Junqing made a choice, Yi Yujian’s dream of becoming the First Lady would be completely shattered. 
Tang Zhou also stood up and said, “Brother Qing, think about us. How could you disregard all your brothers for a woman? Are we brothers, who have grown up with you, less important to you than Ye Xingguang, whom you’ve only known for a little over a month? You’re hurting us, brother. If that’s the case, you’re no brother of mine!” 
Ji Qishu pulled at him, telling him to shut up. But Ji Qishu couldn’t restrain Tang Zhou. He suddenly rose from his seat in the spectators’ section, wanting to rush over to the defendant’s box, shake Ye Junqing awake with a beating! 
The courtroom suddenly descended into chaos. 
The judge had to bang his gavel loudly, “Order! Order!” 
“I can’t keep calm! My fate is in someone else’s hands, I haven’t broken any law, but because Brother Qing refuses to marry a national treasure, I’m going to be stripped of political rights for life. Judge, tell me, could you stay calm if you were me?” 
After saying this, he forcefully shoved Ji Qishu away, “Stop pulling me! Why are you pulling me? They say women are like clothes, and brothers are like limbs. Now Brother Qing is going to throw his brothers into the fire for clothes, how am I supposed to stay calm?” 
Yi Yujian was as restless as Tang Zhou, burying her face in her hands, “Second Brother, please…” 
“Sorry, sister-in-law,” Ye Junqing said without mercy. 
On hearing this, not just Yi Yujian, but Lin Nan, Tang Xiao, Mu Nianbai, and Mo Zhe also stood up in disbelief. 
The atmosphere in the room was stretched to the limit. 
Tang Xiao clenched his fist, the veins in his neck bulging angrily, “Ye Junqing, your apology means you’re severing ties with all your brothers. Are you sure you want to make enemies with everyone? I’m warning you, if you refuse and end up in prison, we definitely won’t leave Ye Xingguang alone. We’ll take revenge on her!” 
“Oh, do you think you can just take revenge on Ye Xingguang whenever you want? Why don’t you ask me, Han Chengbei, if I would agree first?” Han Chengbei, who had been eagerly enjoying the drama, shook his leg casually at this statement.
###Chapter 362 – Why is This the Final Result? _1 
“Order! Order!” the judge was still banging the gavel. 
But the judge’s words were completely ignored by the irrational crowd in the public gallery. Lin Nan, Tang Xiao, Mu Nianbai, and Mo Zhe all rushed towards Ye Junqing, wanting to beat him up – this despicable bastard who would forsake his friends for a woman! 
The two police officers standing next to the defendant’s dock had to physically block them from getting near Ye Junqing. 
Seeing this, the judge, exasperated, ordered, “Expel anyone disrupting the court’s order!” 
No sooner were these words uttered than a dozen police officers came in and expelled Lin Nan, Tang Xiao, Mu Nianbai, and Mo Zhe from the courtroom. Tang Zhou leaped up, hoping to kick Ye Junqing in the defendant’s dock, only to be carried out by two police officers. The scene was chaotic. 
The prosecutor held his forehead repeatedly, waiting for the courtroom to finally quiet down before he had no choice but to repeat his question, “Mr. Ye, please answer the question now. Have you made up your mind to refuse national treasure Xia Yanyan?” 
Everyone held their breath, especially Xia Yanyan. She stared at Ye Junqing’s thin and ruthless lips, not daring to look away, her heart clenched in fear. 
Ye Junqing didn’t think too long. He scanned the remaining brothers in the public gallery and the elders of Yee’s Family. Suddenly, he stood up, turned towards the public gallery, bowed deeply at a ninety-degree angle. This was an apology bow. 
No one misunderstood his gesture. 
Yi Yujian couldn’t control her voice and burst into tears on the spot. 
Wang Zili, holding her daughter, asked her to control herself, but she couldn’t. 
Everyone looked at Ye Junqing with disappointed eyes, with the sole exceptions of Han Chengbei and Pan Huaiwen. 
Xia Yanyan clutched her handbag tightly, she also couldn’t control herself, “Ye Junqing, are you crazy? What is it about me that you find so deficient that you would rather oppose your entire family and betray all your brothers than marry me?” 
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing’s mouth twitched into a cold sneer, but he didn’t respond to Xia Yanyan’s words. Instead, he answered the prosecutor’s question in a deep and firm voice, “Yes, I refuse Xia Yanyan. I will never marry her in this lifetime.” 
A loud thud echoed as Fu Zhuo kicked something in anger and stormed out of the courtroom. He eventually flung the courtroom doors shut, creating another “boom” that reverberated throughout the room. 
The impact brought Xia Yanyan’s pride crumbling down. 
He was unwilling to marry her; even at this moment, he was still unwilling to marry her! noveldrama
No matter how confident, prideful, or adored Xia Yanyan was, at that moment, she could only feel an unprecedented sense of defeat! 
She clenched her fingers, her beautiful manicures snapped one after another, yet she didn’t feel any pain. With only one thought in her head, she realized she had done this to herself. She could almost predict that everything her elder brother had said, would come true! 
In this lifetime, she had completely lost the man she had loved for many years! 
Not only had she lost him, but from now on, she would be despised by the entire Ye’s family! 
Even her cousin, her aunt, and her uncle would never forgive her! 
Why… 
Why did it end up like this? 
Throughout the rest of the proceedings, Xia Yanyan sat there feeling cold. Her mind was in a buzz, she hadn’t took in anything, until the judge finally announced the verdict. 
“Now, the judge will read the verdict, all rise.” 
“This court finds that the defendant, Ye Junqing’s refusal of the national treasure is clear and the evidence is irrefutable. Therefore, the judgement for the defendant, Ye Junqing, is as follows: Ye Junqing is sentenced to three years imprisonment with lifelong loss of political rights; all members of Ye’s family are deprived of political rights for life…”
###Chapter 363: Hurry Up and Call, Tell Him the Good News_1
Following the judge’s words, Wang Zili suddenly exclaimed, “Yujian…”
Pan Huaiwen looked up at the front seat to see that Yi Yujian had already passed out. Ji Qishu and Mo Fei immediately stood up from their seats and rushed over to help Yi Yujian.
Ji Qishu said, “Quick, Mo Fei, take her to the hospital.”
Seeing Yi Yujian in such a state, her grandfather, who loved her the most, slammed his cane on the ground twice. Turning around, he addressed his other granddaughter sitting in the row behind, “Are you satisfied now!”
Xia Yanyan was already slumped in her chair, absolutely unable to describe her mood.
She glared hatefully at Ye Junqing being led away by the police, shouting loudly, “Ye Junqing, I hate you!”
Ye Junqing rose from the defendant’s seat and was handcuffed by two policemen. When he heard Xia Yanyan’s voice, he gave her a chilly look and then averted his eyes, walked away.
The trial was over, the court dispersed, and as the night’s lord was sentenced to three years of reformation through labor, he continued to walk out unruffled, at his own pace.
At the door, all the brothers of the Ye’s family watched him with hateful eyes as he was taken away.
Pan Huaiwen promptly pulled out her phone and sent a message to her father on WeChat: “Dad, the trial results are out. Ye Junqing has refused to marry Xia Yanyan and has been sentenced to three years imprisonment. Ye Shiting is completely finished, this is real!”
Han Chengbei took out his phone while walking out. Once the call was connected, he immediately relayed the first-hand information, “Lawson, you lost your bet. Transfer the money to my account now!”
“Lost?”, Lawson Perry’s voice expressed clear disbelief.
Han ChengBei strode out of the courthouse, saying, “Yes, lost! You bet last night that Ye Junqing would definitely change his mind in court today. But you couldn’t have predicted Ye Junqing’s determination; he never faltered. The verdict is already here. He’s been sentenced to three years of imprisonment and deprived of political rights permanently! Everyone registered under Ye’s family has also had their political rights permanently revoked. Who could have imagined that Ye’s family, once the talk of the town, would fall from the political stage like this!”
On the other end of the phone, no sound came from Lawson Perry for a long time.
After a significant pause, Lawson finally said, “You’re joking with me, right?”
Han ChengBei replied, “Why would I joke about this? Absolutely true. All the people from Ye’s family were furious. They confronted Ye Junqing openly in court. Some wanted to beat him. Yi Yujian even fainted from the anger. This time, I respect Ye Junqing, a real man! Even I can’t believe he’d rather go to jail than marry Xia Yanyan, my faith in him was placed correctly!”noveldrama
In the middle of the conversation, Han Chengbei saw the adopted sons of Ye’s family, fuming in anger, surrounding Mo Fei who carried Yi Yujian on his shoulders as they left the courthouse.
All the way, Tang Zhou kept cursing, reducing his once respected brother to a mere dog.
Finally, the group reached the parking lot. Someone drove a line of extended cars over. Mo Fei put the fainted Yi Yujian in the car, and the other adoptive sons of Ye’s family also got in. Each of them slammed the car door with rage after getting in.
Tang Zhou was the last to get in the car. With a loud “bang”, the furious Tang Zhou gave the car door a new level of loudness.
However, no outsider knew that after shutting the car door, the angry Tang Zhou suddenly yelled out in a bizarre manner, “Ah ah ah ah! Brother Qing has finally been sentenced! Brother Qing has finally been sentenced! I’ve been so frustrated these days, finally, this moment has arrived!”
The unconscious Yi Yujian also sat up, laughing, “Quickly send a message to your Brother Ting and tell him this good news.”
###Chapter 364: Success or Failure, Depends on the Final Strike_1
Tang Zhou was so excited, he was literally jumping up and down: “Sister Yi, I’ll call now!”
But when he made the call, it showed that the line was busy. He turned around and saw that his elder brother Tang Xiao had already made the call.
Tang Xiao reported through the phone: “Brother Ye, everything is going smoothly here, Jun Qing has been sentenced.”
“I already know, carry on with the plan.” A deep and steady voice came from the phone.
Tang Xiao’s reply was also simple and straightforward: “Understood.”
“In one hour, the police department will hold a news conference.”
Tang Xiao said: “Great!”
After hanging up, Tang Xiao said: “Zhou, head to Jun Star’s Weibo now and personally oversee things. In one hour, the police department will hold a news conference to reveal the real culprit behind the gas station explosion. I want you to live stream it on Weibo. Also, from now until the end of the presidential election, stick to Jun Star’s Weibo headquarters, guide public opinion and make sure the live streaming goes well!”
Tang Zhou was fired up: “Brother, are you still not confident in me?”
Tang Xiao indeed had his reservations, with repeated reminders: “Always keep your phone line clear. Jun Qing says Leng Chenmo can be trusted, I believe his judgement, get Leng Chenmo to work with you, watching over Jun Star’s Weibo. Not a single accident is allowed!”
Tang Zhou really wanted to say, why always rely on Leng Chenmo, he himself was also capable, but then he thought of what Jun Qing had said:
“Before the election, you better chain Leng Chenmo to your belt, or else, I’ll chain you to his!”
That’s not gonna happen!
Tang Zhou reluctantly nodded: “Alright then.”
Tang Xiao then ordered Ji Qishu: “After the news conference, mobilize all the resources of KOCO, send this news to everyone’s mobile phones, and make the TV stations broadcast the live coverage of the news conference 24 hours a day. I want everyone in the country to know about this at the earliest, understood?”
Ji Qishu may act a little out of the norm, but he is extremely reliable when it comes to getting things done: “Not to worry, Xiao. I am well-prepared and ready anytime.”noveldrama
Tang Xiao continued to give orders, carrying out each plan that was previously discussed with Ye Junqing and Ye Shiting.
Once all the arrangements were made, Tang Xiao clapped his hands, saying: “Everyone, let’s pull ourselves together. Our success or failure depends on this final effort. Don’t get complacent, whether we can land the presidency will be revealed in the voting day after tomorrow.”
Tang Zhou flipped his handsome hair: “Am I not alert enough? When I was in the courtroom, I almost kicked Junqing, and that nearly scared me to death. I am afraid he will seek revenge afterwards.”
Ji Qishu didn’t even bother to pay attention to the overdramatic Tang Zhou, and just gave a thumbs up to Yi Yujian: “After watching for a while, I think the best performance goes to Sister Yi. It’s a good thing Brother Ye wasn’t there, he would have been heartbroken!”
Lin Nan said: “Hearing that Sister Yi had a car accident after leaving the Xia’s residence really gave Brother Ye quite a fright. Brother Ye only wanted Sister Yi to look a bit distraught after leaving the Xia’s residence and at the Han family’s door. He had no idea that Sister Yi would really drive into the green belt …”
###Chapter 365: Ye Xingguang is Almost in Tears_1
Yi Yujian smoothed her hair: “Don’t bring it up.”
After she came home that day, she was lectured by Ye Shiting for half an hour. Even now, she trembled at the memory of how angry he had been.noveldrama
Yi Yujian spoke seriously: “My sister-in-law probably doesn’t know what’s going on yet. If she hears about my younger brother being sentenced, I imagine she’ll be frantic. Who among you is going to go to the hospital and calm her down?”
Fu Zhuo hesitated for a moment, and then raised his hand: “I’ll go.”
“Forget it,” Yi Yujian said.
A lump rose in Fu Zhuo’s throat, blocking his words: “…”
Yi Yujian said: “My younger brother went out of his way to warn you to stay away from my sister-in-law. What have you done to make him so wary of you?”
Fu Zhuo retorted righteously: “But what I said wasn’t wrong. After such a big incident, Miss Ye didn’t do anything. She wasn’t even present for the court session today. Don’t you find her heartless?”
At these words, everyone in the car fell silent.
Yi Yujian picked up her handbag and swatted Fu Zhuo on the head: “Shut up! What do you expect my sister-in-law to do? Should she voluntarily leave my younger brother, persuade him to marry Xia Yanyan at the expense of herself? Is that what you want to see? Besides, I’m also blocking you out!”
However, in the hearts of the elders, if Miss Ye were to do that, it would indeed prove her love for Ye Junqing.
Now, all we can say is that she doesn’t love him.
After all, she has only been with him for slightly more than a month, it’s normal not to have feelings. The elders have no time to enquire further on this matter.
Tang Xiao said: “Any girl who’s willing to rush through fire to save Brother Ting, and saves our foster parents in the sea, that kind of loyalty and courage, deserves Junqing more than Xia Yanyan does. Even I would hesitate to give up on a girl like her. Stop expecting too much, it’s already hard enough being human. We could spend our time more productively!”
Yi Yujian said: “Now, that’s human talk from Tang Xiao! If you use these high expectations to measure me, I’m telling you, I’ll divorce your eldest brother any minute, I won’t serve you nitpicky men.”
Fu Zhuo did a self-review: “Sister Yi, don’t be mad, I meant no harm. As long as Brother Qing likes it, I fully support him. How about we let Mo Fei go? Mo Fei’s brother, Xiao Mi Hu, has a good relationship with Miss Ye.”
“Then Mo Fei, you go,” Yi Yujian said.
Mo Fei nodded: “I will have Mi Hu visit the sister-in-law at the hospital later.”
…
At this moment, Ye Xingguang was on the brink of tears. Why wouldn’t Yanbei believe her when she said she was a mermaid?
Not only did Yanbei not believe her, but he also told Ye Shiting to take her away.
Before she set out to find Yanbei, the visitor Yanbei met was Ye Shiting!
She was in the president’s office looking for Yanbei, but Ye Shiting hadn’t left, he was still in the office.
She watched the live stream of Ye Junqing’s trial in the president’s office, together with Ye Shiting and Yanbei.
This live stream was only accessible to the presidential palace, nowhere else!
She watched as Ye Junqing’s brothers stormed out in anger one after another, as the eldest sister-in-law fainted, as Ye Junqing was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment and finally led away by the police. Her heart twisted painfully.
Even if she could take back her words, if she could change this moment, her heartache was unbearable.
But it was useless, everything was already done. For the time being, her family’s big tumor could only squat in the jail!
###Chapter 366: How Could It Be So Miserable?_1
She could only save him after a month!
Ye Xingguang sat in the car, staring at the steady and calm Ye Shiting beside her, wishing she could bore a hole in him with her gaze.
“We had a chance to turn things around, but because you didn’t trust me, your dreams of becoming President are all but ruined now, do you realise that?”
Ye Shiting didn’t answer her. He only took a box of drinks from the car fridge and handed it to her.
“You’ve been wronged these past few days, little sister. I’m here to say sorry.”
Ye Xingguang snatched the drink from him and angrily opened it, saying, “What’s there to forgive or apologize for, is this the time to be saying these things? You don’t realize because you didn’t trust me, your entire Ye family is ruined!”noveldrama
Ye Shiting stared at her anxious face, thinking his brother hadn’t chosen the wrong person, and smiled faintly, “It shouldn’t be that bad.”
“Why shouldn’t it be this bad? Ye Junqing is in prison, you’ve been stripped of your political rights. If this doesn’t constitute disaster, what does? If you and Yanbei had believed me in the first place, all of this could’ve been turned around!”
She was so infuriated!
After busting open the lid, Ye Xingguang gulped down the drink. Despite drinking half of it, she couldn’t extinguish the burning rage in her heart!
“Also, where are you taking me now? I’m not going to your Ye’s house. If I go there now, your family will eat me alive!”
She hadn’t forgotten that one of his brothers proclaimed in the court that he was going to take revenge on her ruthlessly.
She was more wronged than DuanEr. If they wanted revenge, they should be seeking out the real culprit. What’s the point in picking on her?
Ye Shiting glanced at the time, maintaining his composure even in the midst of chaos.
“I’m going to a press conference now to unmask the real culprit behind the gas station explosion and seek justice for our deceased bodyguards. As a party involved, you should accompany me.”
Ye Xingguang choked on her drink, “You’ve found the real culprit behind the gas station explosion? Who is it?”
Ye Shiting didn’t respond.
Ye Xingguang’s excitement didn’t last more than three seconds before she deflated, “What’s the point in revealing the real culprit now? It’s all over. Even if you identified the real culprit, you no longer qualify to run for president because you’ve been deprived of all political rights for life. You brought this upon yourself!”
If he had believed her, there was still a chance to reverse the situation. Unfortunately, that opportunity was laid before him, and he didn’t cherish it.
A flash of respect and remembrance for the dead crossed Ye Shiting’s eyes. His voice was as heavy as water, “Sooner or later, an explanation is needed for those who have died and for the innocent people who have been hurt. Theculprit should pay a rightful price. Otherwise, where is justice?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t respond and completely agreed with this view.
She opened her Weibo feed and saw that even after so many days, Ye Shiting was still the top trending topic, with the public demanding he take responsibility for the gas station explosion. The people were livid with him.
The once strongest presidential candidate had, due to the gas station explosion, turned into a pariah, widely reviled and denounced.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel sympathy for him.
However, what broke her heart more was Big Tumor. Big Tumor had been jailed for her sake!
She heard that convicts, upon getting jailed, are stripped of their clothes and hosed down with high-pressure water in all angles in the cold cell, then have their picture taken holding a card. Such indignities and shameful treatments…
How could her Big Tumor endure all this?…She hadn’t…oh, what was she thinking about!
###Chapter 367: Chapter 367 News Press Conference_1 
All in all, her mood was extremely awful right now, yet Ye Shiting stubbornly dragged her to the police department’s press conference venue. 
By the time they arrived, the press conference held by the police department was underway, and the room was packed with representatives from hundreds of media outlets. 
Owners of the gas station’s private company, victims’ families, and those injured due to the gas station explosion were all clamoring for the police department to severely punish the real culprit and demand compensation for economic losses, property damages, medical expenses, and condolence money. noveldrama
On the stage of the press conference, the person in charge of the police department was announcing the detailed investigative report of the gas station explosion. 
The cause of the explosion was a cigarette butt. 
The cigarette butt was littered by Zhang Yuanfan, one of Ye Shiting’s bodyguards. 
Once this information was released, reporters immediately concluded that Ye Shiting was the mastermind behind the gas station explosion. 
The press conference was broadcasted in real time on various websites and video platforms, and suddenly, the Internet was in uproar. 
Even though Ye Shiting had been disqualified from running for president, netizens had long speculated that he was the mastermind, but before the official statement, many supporters of Ye Shiting clung to their fantasies, believing in their idol. 
But now, with definitive evidence, there’s no room for fantasy, and this is absolutely disappointing! 
For the sake of becoming the president, to resort to such means, such a person is not fit to be a human being, let alone run for president! 
If the country was handed over to such a person, would it not become his playground for power games? 
At this very moment, coincidentally, Ye Shiting arrived at the police department. 
A silhouette, booed and jeered like a rat crossing the street, made a calm entrance onto the stage of the press conference under the glaring spotlight. 
Immediately, all cameras focused their lenses on his face. 
Ye Xingguang did not step onto the stage. He stood below and watched the man walk into the eye of the storm, his face sincere and naturally mournful. Against the flashing lights, he did not flinch or move for a long time. The only sound in the room was the clicking of cameras. 
A reporter held up the microphone and questioned harshly, “Mr. Ye, for the sake of gaining more support in the presidential election, you’ve disregarded human lives. Is someone like you worthy of running for president?” 
Ye Shiting took the microphone, exuding an overwhelming pressure, “Indeed, someone who disregards human lives for the sake of running in an election is not fit to be president!” 
Wow! 
“So, are you admitting to your crimes and admitting that you are not eligible to run for president? Is this the reason why you were removed from the list of candidates?” 
Ye Shiting didn’t answer. Instead, he deeply bowed towards the victims’ families, his attitude sincere. 
“I’m sorry. It’s due to my lax discipline of my subordinates that this irreparable consequence happened, bringing irrevocable harm to everyone.” 
The victim’s family member, filled with emotions, ignored the police officers holding him back, and rushed forward to share Ye Shiting’s fate. 
“Give me back my son, give me back my son… My son had only been working at the gas station for a month, he had just graduated, give me back my son…” 
Ye Shiting didn’t dodge. He let the victim’s family member rush at him, his rage-filled fist landed on his face with a resounding “thud”. 
[Author’s Note: Goodnight, thank you for your recommendations and monthly subscriptions. Please continue to subscribe and recommend~ PS, there will be an update tomorrow morning.]
###Chapter 368: Chapter 368 Facts are Evident_1 
Ye Xingguang stood offstage, shocked as he saw Ye Shiting getting punched in the corner of his mouth. 
Blood visibly seeped from the corner of Ye Shiting’s mouth, but he never dodged. Seeing the agitation of the victim’s families, a cop quickly came to stop the relative who wanted to continue hitting Ye Shiting. noveldrama
The spokesperson of the police department promptly addressed, “Please calm down, families. I haven’t finished speaking . . .” 
“What else is there to say? The culprit is right in front of us, why haven’t you acted to bring justice to my son?” 
“Yes, what more is there to discuss? Arrest him immediately, such a despicable person doesn’t deserve freedom!” 
“…” 
More and more family members started to stand, the situation momentarily got out of control, forcing the spokesperson of the police department to raise his voice. 
“Please calm yourselves, the mastermind behind the scene would love nothing more right now than to see this chaos, do you want to be an accomplice to those who caused you harm?” 
But the families were unreceptive, shouting: 
“What accomplice, who’s the mastermind? Isn’t the real culprit Ye Shiting?” 
“You’ve already removed him from the presidential candidate list, isn’t that proof enough that he’s the culprit?” 
However, the reporters, sensing a potential story, all lifted their microphones, ready to ask questions. The police department spokesperson suddenly made a hand signal, pointing to the large screen on the stage. 
“Will everyone please settle down and watch this video.” 
On the stage, the large screen suddenly lit up, slightly calming the chaotic scene. 
The video showed the explosion at the gas station. From it, we could see Ye Shiting’s convoy arriving at the gas station. While the car was refueling, Ye Shiting stepped out to go to the restroom. 
His bodyguard, Zhang Yuanfan, also got out of the car and stood nearby to pay the station worker. While paying, he had a cigarette in his mouth. After the worker said something to him, probably about no smoking at the gas station, Zhang Yuanfan laughed and handed the cigarette to the worker. The worker looked at it and laughed too, after which they said something else. Then, Zhang Yuanfan threw the cigarette butt on the ground. Suddenly, the video shook, and the gas station went up in flames… 
Seeing this, the families lost control again. It’s common knowledge that smoking is not allowed at gas stations; this fire was clearly caused by Zhang Yuanfan! 
However, an eagle-eyed reporter noted something suspicious in the video. 
“Look, the owner of another car at the gas station didn’t go to the station’s convenience store or restroom after getting out of the car. Instead, he walked straight out of the gas station, even adjusting his hat brim. Is he hiding something?” 
With the journalist’s words, the video on the big screen switched to a different angle clearly showing the owner of the other car walking out of the gas station at a brisk speed. In the end, he began to run… 
“Why was he in such a hurry to leave the gas station? Is he hiding something? Could this man be the real culprit behind the gas station explosion?” 
The journalist speaking was quick-thinking, theorizing that the police wouldn’t show this video without a reason. 
Another journalist said, “Even if he seems suspicious, it’s a fact that the gas station exploded immediately after Ye Shiting’s bodyguard threw a cigarette there. The police just said that the cause of the explosion was a lit cigaret. So what other culprits could there be?”
###Chapter 369: Chapter 369 Mr. Ye, You are talking nonsense with your eyes wide open! _1
The spokesperson for the police department did not immediately answer the journalists’ questions, but simply gestured for quiet on the scene. he then turned sideways and asked Ye Shiting, “Mr. Ye, does your bodyguard Zhang Yuanfan smoke?”
Thinking of his bodyguard Zhang Yuanfan who had been with him for many years, Ye Shiting shook his head and said, “He has asthma, he doesn’t smoke.”
A journalist vehemently responded, “Mr. Ye, you’re blatantly lying. The video clearly shows that your bodyguard not only smokes, but also smoked at the gas station. Despite being dissuaded by the staff there, he still tossed a cigarette on the ground, causing the gas station to explode!”
Ye Shiting scoffed, looked up, with a cold gaze on the journalist, “I’m curious, what kind of gas station employee can have a laugh with Zhang Yuanfan, knowing that he smokes?”
“This…”
The reporter was taken aback and didn’t know how to respond, so he continued to counter-question, “Then please explain, what’s the deal with the cigarette in his hand?”
Ye Shiting nodded lightly and said to the police spokesperson, “I suggest this question be answered by Zhang’s personal doctor.”
The spokesperson for the police department nodded and called the treating doctor, who had been summoned to the scene, onto the stage.
The treating doctor, a middle-aged man in glasses, took out a box of cigarettes and handed it to the police spokesperson, saying, “This is a medicinal cigarette that can be bought at any major pharmacy. It’s specially designed to treat asthma. It looks just like a regular cigarette, but it’s actually medicine and it can’t be lit. Even if it’s thrown on the ground of a gas station, it won’t cause a fire.”
“Medicine?”
The doctor’s words were like a shock bomb, instantly dumbfounding the audience as well as those watching the live stream on the internet.
Similar comments started to appear on the live streaming platforms.
“I know this medicine. It’s not only used to treat asthma, but also pneumonia and other diseases. I’ve always had a smoking addiction, but recently my doctor said I can’t smoke. I can’t control it, so my doctor recommended this medicine to me. It indeed cannot be lit.”
“Wow, I have this medicine at home. It’s great for someone with a smoking addiction like me. My wife bought it for me. You suck the medicine into your mouth just like smoking. I like to hold it in my mouth to look cool.”
“…..”
At the press conference, the treating doctor continued, “Zhang Yuanfan has a chronic asthma condition. I always suggest he carry this medicinal cigarette with him because it’s convenient and beneficial for him. From the surveillance video, I can confirm that he was taking the medicinal cigarette at the time. That’s why after showing it to the staff, they did not stop him. He probably finished the medicine and casually threw it on the ground, although this behavior of littering is uncivilized.”
The spokesperson for the police department nodded, then stood in front of the microphone and said, “I believe everyone now knows that Mr. Ye was not the instigator of the explosion.”
A journalist was displeased, “But you initially said that the cause of the explosion was due to a cigarette. Isn’t this shooting yourself in the foot?”noveldrama
The police department’s spokesperson nodded, “This question from the journalist is exactly what I wanted to address. So, the question arises – why did I initially say that the explosion was caused by a cigarette? Or specifically, the cigarette dropped by Mr. Ye’s bodyguard, Zhang Yuanfan?”
“Oh hell,” a journalist thought, “how are we supposed to know?”
###Chapter 370: A Grand Performance_1
The police department spokesperson said, “Because that’s exactly what the puppeteer behind the scenes wants us as the police to conclude! But I want to tell the puppeteer that our police department is not your tool to manipulate power, nor will we let any wrongdoer off the hook. We absolutely won’t wrong any innocent people!”
As a policeman, his energy was inherently stronger than that of the average person. His words resounded like a gong, creating an audible impact when they landed.
The whole hall, including those tuning in live, instantly went into a frenzy. The puppeteer, the seat of power manipulation, who could it be? Who? Who?
Upon hearing these words, the reporters erupted once again, pushing their microphones forward.
“Manipulating power? Has the police already identified the suspect? Please tell us, who is the mastermind behind it all?”
However, the police department spokesperson did not immediately respond to the reporters’ inquiries, instead, he continued to gaze at the big screen.
“There’s an autopsy report here. The deceased is the owner of the car who ran out of the gas station named Yu Huan. Although he ran with all his strength and in fact, could have escaped the explosion based on his pace, he still died at the scene. From the autopsy we found that his actual cause of death was not the explosion, but a gunshot wound. Clearly, someone didn’t want him to escape from the fire, leaving no survivors,” he stated.
“We found that Yu Huan was suffering from cancer, his life expectancy was not long. However, his ex-wife won first prize in the National Welfare Lottery three days before the gas station explosion case. The prize money was 120 million, this is the largest fraud case in the National Welfare Lottery this year!”
Although the spokesperson didn’t provide thorough details, journalists, victims’ families, and netizens behind the live broadcast intuitively filled in the gaps in the story based on what the spokesperson had said. Suspicion was quickly rising.
It must be that someone had instructed the terminally ill Yu Huan to orchestrate the gas station explosion, and transferred the reward money to his ex-wife’s account through lottery winnings. Either Yu Huan was still in love with his ex-wife, or they were caring for their child together, so Yu Huan wanted to earn money as child support…
Who? Who exactly was it?noveldrama
However, the spokesperson did not reveal the mastermind. He only said: “At this time, we have traced an account that injected money into the Welfare Lottery. There isn’t enough evidence to arrest the suspect yet, so we cannot reveal the suspect’s name. But, I can assure you here, Mr. Ye, is merely a victim of the gas station explosion case.”
The overly emotional family members who had just calmed down then looked at Ye Shiting with blood residue on his mouth corner, and questioned: “Why did you apologize to us earlier? Why did you feel guilty and say those words of self-blame?”
Reporters armed with cameras swiveled their lenses towards Ye Shiting.
Ye Shiting, with his remorseful face, once again bowed to the relatives of the victims. His words resonated through the room, creating a ripple of shock: “If it weren’t for someone wanting to harm me, if it weren’t for this presidential election, I believe there wouldn’t have been a gas station explosion. So I cannot shirk responsibility for this matter. I’m sorry that you or your loved ones experienced this explosion because of me.”
The still emotional family members reacted: So it’s like that?
How could this be his fault? He’s clearly a victim too, why would he apologize?
At that moment, Ye Shiting turned his gaze towards the cameras held by the reporters. His frigid stare fixed on the lens, he didn’t say anything else, he simply uttered one simple phrase: “So relentless, you people, are capable of this!”
His choice of word was ‘you people’, not ‘you’!
###Chapter 371: The Hint is Too Obvious_1noveldrama
Tang Zhou, already stationed at the JunStar Weibo headquarters, jumps up upon seeing this on the live broadcast, slapping his thigh: ” Just one word, brilliant!”
Leng Chenmo is sitting leisurely beside him, and upon hearing this, he slightly curves the corner of his lips: “It seems like two words. Was your math taught by a P.E. teacher?”
“None of your business!”
Tang Zhou, excitedly gesticulating, says to his office employees: “Everyone, move! The video of the Police Department’s press conference, pause it at my brother Ye’s statement, push it out across the entire network, and send it to every phone!”
A puzzled employee asks: “But they haven’t found the real culprit yet.”
Tang Zhou strides over: “Are you dumb? The impact is much bigger if they haven’t announced who the real villain is. Let netizens guess. There are only a few people competing with my brother Ye for the presidency. This way, everyone is a suspect, except for my brother Ye!”
“Get cracking, keep a close watch on Weibo, guide public opinion, label Lawson Perry and the Vice President as suspects. Who ever is being suspected by the netizens, push them to the top, over and over again!”
“Although there is not enough evidence, we at JunStar Weibo need to express our anger. Pin these two people to the second and third position on the trending search. The first spot should only belong to the video of my brother Ye refuting the accusations! I want the whole country to know that my brother Ye is even more wronged than DuanEr!”
After dropping these words on the press conference, Ye Shiting leaves, causing a stir on the internet.
Public reaction is like a heavy snowstorm. The public opinion was quickly guided towards the other presidential candidates, and the abuse on the internet was as overwhelming as a snowstorm. Ye Shiting, who was earlier vilified, has become even more idolized in people’s minds. The calls for reinstatement of Ye Shiting’s presidential candidacy are getting louder and louder…
The Perrys, Lawson Perry turns off the TV.
Then, he lays back on the sofa, rubbing his temples.
Upon reviewing the online discourse, NanYin frowns and says: “Sir, the rhetoric is not in our favor. JunStar Weibo and the speculations regarding you and the Vice President are now the second and third trending search, it has given netizens a bad hint. This is too suggestive, pointing directly at you two. Unfortunately, now is the time when the netizens are most irrational and easy to incite. Ye Shiting, now unable to participate in the presidential election, is trying to pull you and the Vice President down with him!”
The Pan’s residence.
Presumably thrown into chaos by the live broadcast, Vice President Pan Tenglong drops his teacup on the floor with a “bang.”
The police have already identified the suspects, causing the Vice President to lose his cool: “Have you handled this thing cleanly?”
The adjutant confirms: “Don’t worry, they won’t trace it back to you. But the current online opinion is unfavorable, the Ye’s family is monopolizing Weibo, directing suspicion at you and Lawson Perry. Now netizens are clamoring online, demanding the reinstatement of Ye Shiting’s candidacy.”
Vice President Pan snorted: “The netizens don’t even know that Ye Shiting has been stripped of his political rights, and the real reason behind his disqualification from the election. Since the real culprit has not been announced, everyone is suspect. Lawson Perry and I, we are still at the same starting line. As long as I become president, this matter will never be traced back to me. It doesn’t matter if Ye Shiting clears his name, it’s just wishful thinking that he could regain his presidential candidacy.”
###Chapter 372: You Drive the Car to the Moat, I’m Going to Jump into the River!_1
As they drove away from the police station, Ye Xingguang said the same thing to Ye Shiting, “Even if you clear your name now, you can’t continue to run for president. Would you consider letting me jump in the river now?”
Ye Shiting didn’t respond. Ye Xingguang’s self-proclaimed mermaid identity, whether it was a desperate lie or had some deeper meaning, made Ye Shiting think of the mermaid swimming pool at home, and the dazzling stars shining from the ceiling above it.
Ye Shiting was always puzzled, if his younger brother didn’t like Xia Yanyan, why was he so fascinated with mermaids?
If his sister-in-law really was a mermaid, everything would start to make sense.
Ye Shiting looked sternly at Ye Xingguang, “Did you know my younger brother a long time ago?”
“Um? No, I didn’t?”
“Does my brother know you’re a mermaid?”
Ye Xingguang shook her head: “He doesn’t know. If he did, he wouldn’t be in prison now, with no way out.”
Ye Shiting laughed inside. His younger brother was definitely not helpless. He was full of ideas.
After the Vice President told his younger brother that Xia Yanyan filled out his name on the marriage application, his brother came directly to find him, saying that a great opportunity had arrived. Xia Yanyan had handed them a trump card. This was a golden opportunity!noveldrama
But as far as Ye Shiting observed, this golden opportunity could easily turn into a complete disaster if mishandled.
He didn’t agree initially.
All the brothers had a discussion, made a decision by vote, and finally discovered that they were all gamblers at heart!
That left him no choice but to go along with his younger brother, a notorious gambler!
Thinking of the major thorn in their sides currently stuck in prison, Ye Xingguang said anxiously, “Drive to the edge of the moat. I want to jump into the river.”
“Why don’t you jump at home, don’t we have a swimming pool?”
The city moat is too dirty. Who knows how the environmental department manages it?
Ye Xingguang nodded, “Alright, I’ll jump at home.”
Thinking of the major problem currently in prison, she couldn’t help but urge the driver to go faster.
However, the driver didn’t drive back to Ye’s mansion as planned, but instead to another villa in the city owned by Ye Shiting, bustling with the diligent members of his campaign team.
Ye Xingguang was reluctant to get off the car, “Didn’t you say we’re going home? Why are you wasting time here?”
Ye Shiting looked at the time and said, “I’m busy right now, I’m not free to watch you swim. When everything is handled, we can enjoy that later. Please get off now, and have dinner here tonight. Your sister-in-law is inside. Go find her.”
As soon as he finished speaking, several people rushed over and started talking to Ye Shiting.
Everything had to be settled by Ye Shiting in the end.
After waiting for a while, Ye Xingguang realized she can’t expect any hospitality from her busy big brother and entered the house discontentedly.
As soon as she walked in, she saw Ye Shiting’s team members gathered on the living room sofa, discussing something.
Tang Xiao who had threatened her with revenge after Ye Junqing’s imprisonment was also present, making her halt in her tracks.
“Sister-in-law, why are you here with Shiting? I asked Xiao Mi Hu to look for you at the hospital, she just called me and said she didn’t find you. You had me worried.” Yi Yujian noticed her and walked over.
Recalling Yi Yujian’s fainting incident at the court, Ye Xingguang asked with concern, “Sister-in-law, are you alright? I saw you faint at the court.”
###Chapter 373: Can Ye Shiting Still Participate in the Presidential Election?_1noveldrama
Yi Yujian grinned warmly: “How did you know about my fainting spell in court? It was all an act. You’re a reporter, you should know how to write a news story, right? Come over here and help me review this news story.”
Ye Xingguang was confused: “Pretending to faint, what’s that all about?”
“Just playing around.”
After saying that, Yi Yujian pulled her towards a staff member who was busy writing a news story.
Ye Xingguang didn’t have the mind to look at the news story at that moment. All she could think about was her family’s major headache being in jail and her needing to rescue him.
Reading her anxious expression, Yi Yujian patted her shoulder: “Don’t worry, you won’t have to endure an empty home, living like a widow for three years.”
“What do you mean?”
Ye Xingguang blushed. It wasn’t what she had in mind.
“Just help me look over this news story first.”
After saying that, Yi Yujian got called away by someone.
She wanted to chase after him for more information, but a staff member stopped her, pleading, “Miss Ye, could you please look over this for me? I’m not a professional. Sister Chen who usually writes our news stories is sick with a fever from overworking and went to rest. I really can’t do it.”
“…Alright.”
In the end, despite being full of questions, she realized she had no choice when her big brother’s wife asked for help. So she sat down to review and edit the news copy, becoming so preoccupied that she could hardly spare a moment.
She revised the copy several times. After it was ready, she printed it out and handed it to Lin Nan to review. Lin Nan reviewed it over and over, unsatisfied, tossing it back to her to revise. He was even stricter and harsher than her editors at the station, nitpicking like nothing she had ever experienced before.
Finally the draft was accepted, and she sent it out to various media outlets. She thought she might finally have a moment to go use the bathroom, only to discover that Lin Nan found her editing skills quite handy and handed her another speech to edit.
The speech was actually for a presidential campaign rally.
Could it be that Ye Shiting might still be able to continue his presidential bid?
As she was halfway through editing, a staff member came in distributing boxed meals. She also accepted a box.
Yi Yujian also carried a box meal, walking towards her, and asked, “Sis, are you free tomorrow night?”
“What’s up?”
“There’s a campaign rally tomorrow night for the presidential election. If you don’t mind, could you perform a song on stage? The voters are quite curious about the Carp Girl, and you can sing. I’ve reserved a performance slot for you.”
“What?”
Yi Yujian said, “The program was set more than a month ago, and we initially reserved a singing slot for Xia Yanyan. But now, I don’t want to see her. At this time, famous singers are being invited by presidential candidates to attend their campaign rallies, but we couldn’t find a suitable replacement singer on such short notice. You received great feedback from your performance at the presidential palace dinner, and I believe many people would be drawn to attend if they knew you were performing tomorrow night.”
She was to take Xia Yanyan’s spot? Just for that, Ye Xingguang felt she had no choice, it was her duty!
“Alright, I’ll sing, but are you sure that big brother is still eligible to run for president? Even though the public is supportive and netizens are petitioning, hasn’t big brother been permanently stripped of his political rights? The netizens’ petitions should be useless, right?”
Yi Yujian grinned mysteriously and warmly: “You’ll find out tomorrow! Just sing well tomorrow night, and if you do a good job, I’ll return your precious little brother to you. So then you can cuddle him as your pillow as you sleep.”
###Chapter 374: Chapter 374 Damn, we’ve been tricked!_1
Well, she wasn’t worried about lacking a worry pillow as a sleep aid; she was worried about the big tumor being put in a disadvantageous position in prison.
But everyone in the house, including her sister-in-law, worked frenziedly for the final sprint of the presidential election, which didn’t seem like a joke, and it suddenly eased her mind.
The big tumor told her in the morning not to worry, that he could handle the situation. Maybe she was just being unnecessarily worried?
While eating her boxed meal, she asked the girl who asked her to revise the manuscript: “Do you know how Ye Shiting can continue to participate in the election?”
The staff member shook her head: “No idea.”
“Then why are you still working so zealously?”
The staff member replied: “If Lord Ting said he can, then we believe that he can. Lord Ting asked us not to stop our work, to make the final strike. So, we will continue. In short, we believe that Lord Ting will not easily fail.”
Fine, she will wait and see then.
The next day was the final sprint day of the presidential election, known as the golden 24 hours before the election.
Lawson Perry and the Vice President were vigorously campaigning, expressing their political views through newspapers, television, radio, internet, and live speeches to attract votes, but there was still no movement from Ye Shiting who was napping in his villa during the day.
Without seeing any of Ye’s activities or his name appearing again in the official list of presidential candidates, many netizens became anxious. They took to the streets or gathered outside government buildings to protest and even parade, causing quite a commotion.
When they heard that Vice President Pan Tenglong was canvassing votes at a campus, a crowd swarmed over to ask the Vice President when Ye Shiting would be back on the candidate list. They asked if Pan Tenglong was the one who framed Ye Shiting. The situation at the scene was almost out of control.
Lawson Perry’s street speech didn’t fare any better. Ye Shiting’s supporters were causing a ruckus.
By late evening, while giving a speech at a square, Lawson Perry had to leave the stage mid-speech and leave the noisy streets.
After getting in the car, Lawson Perry yanked at his tie.
He hadn’t expected the public sentiment to be so overwhelmingly in Ye Shiting’s favor. If Ye Shiting reappeared on the list of presidential candidates, his vote share could be feared to be 70%, if not 60%.
Sitting inside the car, pressing his brow, Lawson Perry said: “Disclose the real reason for Ye Shiting’s removal from the candidate list to the media. Let the media report it as soon as possible. It’s crazy, his disqualification from the election has nothing to do with me!”
Nanyin held out his mobile phone for Lawson Perry to see: “The Vice President suffered a similar fate. He has responded to the voters. Ye Shiting was withdrawn from the election because Xia Yanyan filled in Ye Junqing’s name on the marriage application form, but Ye Junqing refused, so Ye Shiting was deprived of his political rights forever.”noveldrama
Lawson Perry felt relieved, but Nanyin showed him a video clip, saying: “After hearing this, the netizens went to confront Xia Yanyan for the truth. Xia Yanyan outright denied it, saying she hadn’t even had her birthday yet and hadn’t submitted any marriage application. The Vice President is just falsely accusing her!”
Lawson Perry fumed: “She really knows how to wash her hands off matters!”
Nanyin said: “Ye Junqing would rather go to jail than accept her at this point. How could she admit it and make a laughing stock of herself? Now, netizens firmly believe that Ye Shiting’s withdrawal was because of the gas station explosion, and they don’t believe that it was because Xia Yanyan was rejected by Ye Junqing. They feel that the Vice President is lying, resorting to all means to get rid of Ye Shiting, the strongest candidate. Public resentment is boiling over.”
Lawson Perry looked gloomy as something crossed his mind. He cursed: “Damn it, we might have been trapped!”
###Chapter 375: Chapter 375 We can’t beat him!_1
Nan Yin pondered for a moment, and finally understood the profound truth: “Sir, you mean, the fact that Xia Yanyan put Ye Junqing’s name on the marriage application, only to be later rejected by him and not a word leaked to the media, and neither other media agencies nor the ones under Ye’s family reported it, is because… this is the result Ye Shiting wanted. He wanted to fuel public resentment and win public sympathy to his side today?”
Lawson Perry looked grave: “Otherwise, I can’t think of any other reason! Do you think Ye Junqing is someone who would willingly go to jail and neglect the entire Ye family over a woman?”
Lawson Perry had been puzzled before, feeling that something was amiss. It was only now that the pieces fell into place!
This was a plan the two brothers had agreed upon, a ruse for the presidential election!
Nan Yin thought hard: “But Ye Junqing did go to jail and Ye Shiting did lose his political rights and cannot participate in the election anymore. I don’t think the Ye family would take such big risks, unless they have a backup plan that could enable Ye Shiting to run for President again?”
Lawson Perry grimaced: “Who knows!”
Nan Yin continued: “But according to our investigation, this matter has resulted in a serious fallout between the two Ye brothers, even on the court, the adopted sons of Ye’s family fought unashamedly with Ye Junqing. Yi Yujian even fainted out of anger…that can’t all be an illusion, can it?”noveldrama
Lawson Perry said: “Why? The only explanation is that they put on a show for us! To prevent us from reporting on Ye Junqing’s rejection of Xia Yanyan. We thought that by not reporting it, Ye Shiting would be stuck in the scandal. Making him a street rat, he played right into our hands, putting himself in a desperate situation to revive his image. Look at how the public sentiment has grown!”
Nan Yin exclaimed: “Sir, you’re right. Even if we now reveal that Ye Shiting’s disqualification from the presidential race was not due to the gas station explosion but due to Xia Yanyan, no one would believe us!
Now everyone feels sorry for him, having survived the explosion, narrowly escaping death, only to be falsely accused and unable to run for President. This move, without a doubt, has dragged you and the Vice President down with him.”
Lawson Perry was angsty: “Ye Junqing and Ye Shiting are deeply bonded as brothers. How could they possibly conspire against each other over a woman?”
Nan Yin also felt it was improbable, thus until now, he found it hard to believe the outcome of this lawsuit.
Lawson Perry ripped off his tie: “That’s the Ye Junqing I know, he obsesses over a love illusion to deceive us all, and managed to sway the public’s opinion towards Ye Shiting’s presidential candidacy to the peak! Resulting in the awful situation we face now!”
Nan Yin was startled: “Sir, what should we do now? If at this moment, Ye Shiting gains his qualification to run for President again, he will undoubtedly sweep the board, no one can beat him! But how does the Ye family plan to escape from this lawsuit?”
Lawson Perry did not have an answer yet.
Nan Yin slapped his forehead: “Could it be that Ye Junqing plans to appeal and change his decision? Will he end up marrying Xia Yanyan to liberate himself and let Ye Shiting continue his presidential campaign?”
No sooner had Nan Yin finished than he received a call. After he listened for a bit, his face changed: “Sir, just now, Ye Shiting’s name has been reinstated as a presidential candidate on the official list!”
###Chapter 376: Chapter 376 Everything is Power Game!_1
Even though he had guessed, Lawson Perry’s usually composed face could not hide his irritation when he finally heard confirmation that matters in the south were settled.
“Call Congress immediately, I need to know how Ye Shiting still qualifies for the presidential election. Is he treating the national law as a joke? Or has he found some other way around it? I want to know the answer before the rally tonight!”
Nan Yin immediately nodded: “Yes, I will call right away.”
On the other hand, Vice President Pan Tenglong also received the news, Ye Shiting’s name had reappeared on the presidential candidate list.noveldrama
Pan Tenglong went straight to Congress, demanding an explanation!
As soon as he entered the Speaker’s office, Pan Tenglong didn’t even try to hide his anger. His displeasure was clearly visible on his face. “Speaker Zhao, I need a reasonable explanation from you today. Ye Shiting’s political rights have been revoked for life. Why is he still eligible to run for president?”
Speaker Zhao closed the book he had been reading, sitting in the chair helplessly. “Mr. Pan, calm down. There were no violations in this matter.”
“A man who has been deprived of his political rights for life is now able to participate in the election again, and you tell me there were no violations. Speaker Zhao, do you think I’m a fool? I demand an immediate stop to these unreasonable backroom operations.”
Speaker Zhao shrugged, leaning back in his chair and said, “There’s no backroom operation. The President has exercised his right to special pardon.”
“What?”
Pan Tenglong looked stunned.
Speaker Zhao continued: “Vice President Pan, as you should know, the right to pardon is an important exclusive power of the president, not subject to interference or restrictions from any institution, and applicable to all persons convicted by any court. Our President has used his power of pardon to absolve Mr. Ye Jing of the charges related to refusal of national treasures. As long as the charges have been pardoned, Ye Shiting naturally regains his political rights. There is no reason for us not to let him participate in the presidential election.”
Lawson Perry also received the news on the other end.
There are two types of presidential pardons, general pardon, and special pardon.
A general pardon does not have a specific target. The of the pardon is the crime and punishment, so it can be performed before and after the verdict.
A special pardon, however, must specify a target. The of the pardon is the punishment and thus can only be carried out after the crime has been pronounced and the punishment sentenced.
Nan Yin suddenly realized, “Sir, is this the reason why Ye Junjing defiantly rejected Xia Yanyan? Because only when a crime has been convicted can the President exercise his right of special pardon. Ye Junjing audaciously staged a play of a monarch seduced by a femme fatale, earning the reputation of a passionate man, while freeing Ye Shiting from the whirlpool of the gas station explosion case, winning the heart of the public for Ye Shiting. This pair of brothers is too cunning. We have been tricked!”
Lawson Perry did not want to say a word anymore. Realizing this now was already too late; everything was a power game!
Lawson Perry could almost foresee that in this presidential election, he had already lost to Ye Shiting.
At this time, Nan Yin received another phone call and continued to report, “Sir, the number one trending topic on Jun Jing’s Weibo is a short video of Ye Shiting thanking the public for their petition on his behalf. He also announced in the video that at 7:30 tonight, there will be a rally at the North District Stadium. He hopes voters can go to the stadium to participate.”
###Chapter 377: Chapter 377 – How audacious of this great cancer to threaten the President?_1
Backstage at the sports rally, Ye Xingguang is in front of the vanity, letting the stylist fix her hair, because she also has a performance on stage tonight.
At this moment, she receives a phone call and hesitates a moment before answering due to the unfamiliar number, “Hello, who is it?”
“Ye Xingguang!”
Over the phone, Xia Yanyan’s voice comes through: “Do you think you’ve won? Let me tell you, you and I are no different; we’re all just pawns. There’s nothing to be proud of! Xingguang’s refusal has nothing to do with you, it’s all for his brother! What deep affection for you, willing to go to prison rather than marry me. It’s all a show, a performance for his brother’s presidential campaign!”
Ye Xingguang purses her lips: “Is that so? Even if I’m just a pawn, I haven’t lost anything. The two of us were only together for less than two months. Isn’t it normal that it was for his brother and not for me? If he was attached to me after only two months, I would find that unrealistic and insecure. But we still have plenty of time to get to know each other. Maybe in the future, he will give up the world for me. Besides, you’re the one who’s frantic enough to call me. Is it because you’ve lost your only bargaining chip?”
“You!” If Ye Xingguang is in front of her, Xia Yanyan is sure to splash the coffee she’s holding onto her face!
Xia Yanyan, consumed by fury, heavily drops a remark before hanging up, “You just wait!”
Ye Xingguang, looking at the disconnected call, huffs. As to who is waiting for whom, that isn’t decided yet!noveldrama
However, she never would have guessed that the solution Master Baiter had mentioned was relying on the pardon power held by Mr. President!
No wonder he wasn’t anxious or panicky at all before the court appearance!
On the contrary, she was the one who in disarray, actually ran to find Yanbei, professing herself to be a mermaid.
Xia Yanyan says, Master Baiter’s actions weren’t for her, but for his brother. Thinking back, Ye Xingguang understood that this was indeed the case.
But even in this case, she is already content if he is willing to give up Xia Yanyan for her. How can she wish for a man who is only just willing to give her a chance to turn against his brother, losing all allies for her? That’s too unrealistic!
Moreover, it’s selfish, isn’t it?
Having understood this, Ye Xingguang had no regrets about the outcome. She was relieved that she didn’t need to feel guilty. How else could she face her in-laws in the future?
After her hair was set, Ye Xingguang made a call to Mr. President to thank him for using his pardon power on Master Baiter.
At this moment, in his residence at the Presidential Palace, Yanbei was watching the news on TV in the living room with his daughter. Hearing this, he replied with amused laughter, “It’s not for you. It’s because Xingguang threatened me.”
“What? He threatened you?”
Is Master Baiter so audacious as to threaten Mr. President?
Yanbei said, “He threatened to move all of the Night Corporation’s assets abroad and used other economic measures to coerce me. If I was unwilling to use my pardon power to absolve him of his crime, It would lead to unemployment for millions of people. It was for those potential unemployed citizens.”
Of course, the greater temptation was that Ye Shiting’s political philosophies and beliefs were similar to his. He promised that if he were elected President, he would continue the several policies Yanbei had put in place.
But as Yanbei looked down at Little Treasure playing in his arms, even he himself wasn’t sure: Aside from the hard and soft tactics of the Ye brothers, the biggest reason wasn’t that Ye Xingguang had given him a cute little baby?
###Chapter 378: What He Misses the Most, is the Little Fish Tail_1
Meanwhile, Ye Junqing was released.
His mount, eleven elegant and distinguished Rolls-Royces, carried him away from the detention center with audacious swagger.
Fu Zhuo, sitting in the passenger seat, couldn’t help but feel scared when reminiscing about the whole incident: “Sir, you can’t gamble this big in the future, putting all hope on someone utterly unpredictable. You have no idea how uneasy we all were, fearing the President wouldn’t use his power of pardon in the end, which would’ve been our doom!”
Having spent 27 hours in jail, Ye Junqing, however, didn’t show any sign of fatigue. He adjusted his seat to lie back on it languidly and threw out a statement in response: “I never fight a battle unprepared.”
Fu Zhuo mumbled under his breath, “Where does your confidence even come from?”
After some thought, Fu Zhuo then excitedly said, “But the greater the risk, the greater the return. You have no idea how the public reacted during the 27 hours you were locked away. I dare make a bold prediction, no one can compete with Sir Ye for the Presidential position.”
Turning his head, Ye Junqing observed the hustling voters in the streets and alleys, sensing the unstoppable momentum of his brother.
Yet the outcome of the presidential election was still unsettled, and celebrating would be premature.
In the past, his brother had never participated in a presidential election, so he couldn’t be sure whether his brother would ultimately secure the position. Everything that could be done had been done; all he could do now was to wait for the result patiently.
“What about Xingguang?”
At this moment, he missed her most, the little Mermaid.
“How did she react after I was sentenced?”
Was she worried sick?
“Don’t mention Miss Ye,” Fu Zhuo began. “You got yourself into such a mess, yet she’s as calm as a bystander, more indifferent than anyone. Forgive my meddling, but I really don’t see how much she cares about you.”
Ye Junqing frowned, feeling a bit disappointed. He hadn’t seen her in the spectator gallery when he had gone to court.
But while he could express this, he didn’t appreciate others saying so. Her sharing a selfie signaled her intention of deepening their relationship. That was already a huge surprise for him. Human desires should be limited; being too greedy could ruin everything.
With a slightly gloomy face, Ye Junqing shot Fu Zhuo a chilly glare, “Keep fanning the flames, and I’ll have you banished to the ends of the earth!”
At this warning, Fu Zhuo immediately shut up. But after a mere thirty seconds, he blurted out, “Sir, please remove me from your blacklist. I can’t call or message you, which makes it hard for me to work.”
Unfortunately, Ye Junqing just ignored him, closing his eyes to rest.
Feeling disheartened, Fu Zhuo figured he’d better be nice to Miss Ye and get himself removed from the blacklist as soon as possible.
After returning home to take a bath and change into formal clothes, Ye Junqing arrived at the stadium where the rally was already halfway through. Ye Shiting had just finished his headline speech which was met with a thunderous response from the teeming crowd.noveldrama
Not only had Ye Shiting held a campaign rally tonight, but Lawson Perry and Pan Tenglong also held their own rallies at other venues. However, statistics showed that more voters were flocking to Ye Shiting’s rally.
After Ye Shiting’s closing speech, it was time for the entertainment program at the rally.
Ye Xingguang took the stage to perform what the audience most eagerly anticipated, “You’re My First Sunshine”.
It was rumoured that this song once defeated a foreign princess at a state banquet. The audience was eager to hear live the angelic voice of the girl described as beautiful as a carp.
###Chapter 379: Chapter 379 Tell me, good……_1
Ye Junqing hadn’t reached the best viewing point when the heavenly voice pierced his ears. The lyrics brought back vivid memories of his shared life and trials with Little Mermaid.
“Fate decreed you would be my insurmountable ordeal. Protecting me is a sickness, and you’re already seriously ill.”
Ye Junqing laughed. Little Mermaid, did you actually dare to write these lyrics?
Are you so sure I wouldn’t be able to overcome this ordeal?
Yet his heart was delighted by these lyrics.
He walked to the entrance of the passageway leading from the backstage to the stage. His tall figure stood there, quietly watching the girl on the stage singing for him.
Today she wore a white strapless dress adorned with tiny, glittering diamonds. They sparkled under the stage lights, drawing all eyes. Like the brightest heart in the night, her appearance stirred his heart, making it hard to look away.
“I can’t forget your kindness, but I wish we’d never met, even though you were my first sunshine…”
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to sing that song, but her sister-in-law said the public would anticipate it. Every time she sang it, her emotions got out of control and her heart ached. Each high-pitched note was a howl from her heart, echoing its agony.
Sharing the most painful part of her heart with the audience through her singing was not a pleasant experience.
Thinking of the young boy who died for her, tears threatened to spill from her eyes.
Ye Junqing frowned slightly. He had never understood one line in her song – “I wish we’d never met.” What did it mean?
She clearly said he was her first sunshine, so why did she wish they had never met?
Ye Xingguang held the microphone. As her emotions broke down, her voice soared and shattered the audience’s expectations. Even those who had seen videos of her performance online were not prepared for the force of her live performance. It was truly breathtaking.
As the song came to an end, the audience erupted into thunderous applause.
Ye Xingguang held the microphone, rallying votes: “I hope that everyone can cast their valuable vote for Ye Shiting tomorrow. I want to tell everyone that if you vote for him, you will never be disappointed. He is the best and most promising choice! Plus, you will have good fortune—trust me, I’m not wrong.”
After she cheekily winked at the audience, another wave of cheers swept through the crowd.
Then she bowed deeply to the audience and gracefully exited the stage.
The moment she reached the entrance to the backstage passageway, a man had been waiting, quickly engulfed her in his arms.
Her tears were yet to dry, Ye Junqing leaned forward, kissing her forehead. His voice was full of tenderness, “Why is it that though you can’t forget his kindness, you’d rather have never met?”
He felt the lyrics needed to be revised: while it made him ecstatic to be her first sunshine, he was unhappy that she wished to have never known him.
Ye Xingguang blanked for a moment, her emotions dipping low as she shook her head: “It’s nothing, just song lyrics.”noveldrama
“Only song lyrics?”
Ye Junqing believed it was not that simple. He led her to a quiet place backstage, pinning her between the wall and his chest as he wiped away her tears. His voice was soft and irresistibly persuasive: “Tell me, darling…”
Ye Xingguang covered her face with her hands, unable to control her emotions. She choked out: “Because meeting me was the greatest misfortune of his life because meeting me, death claimed him. It would’ve been so much better if he had never met me; then he wouldn’t have died.”
###Chapter 380: This Girl Must Have Made a Mistake_1
Ye Junqing grabbed her hand which was covering her face, and gently reassured her, “No one’s dead, who said someone’s dead? It’s not lifelong misfortune, it was never a lifelong misfortune, how could you think like that?”noveldrama
“How could no one be dead, that fool, that idiot, no matter what I told him, he wouldn’t listen. I couldn’t save him, no matter how hard I tried. Why wouldn’t he listen to me? Why did he have to interfere in things that had nothing to do with him? Why did he have to show off?”
Her hand was pried open, she then grabbed onto the man’s clothes, and buried her head in his chest, biting her teeth to prevent her cries from escaping. But her back was trembling slightly from the effort to restrain herself.
She felt really guilty, an overwhelming guilt and self-blame.
Ye Junqing lifted her face, staring at her sad expression, he thought he was seeing that twelve-year-old girl again, who held his arm and pleaded with him over and over, “Don’t save me, you’ll die if you do. I beg you, don’t save me…”
Foolish girl, did she still think he would die now?
Ye Junqing felt both like laughing and crying. Was this a curse?
Couldn’t she hope for better for him?
Ye Junqing comforted her softly: “Don’t cry anymore, I promise you, no one’s dead, he’s still alive and well.”
“Don’t lie to me, you don’t even know who it is.”
“Fool. How could I not know?”
With teary eyes, Ye Xingguang looked up at him, “I don’t remember telling you… the person is Qin Junye, is it?”
Last time she told him that the lyrics had a special meaning for one of her friends, but she didn’t mention Qin Junye’s name.
Ye Junqing wanted to tell her that he was alive and well, but before he could speak, he heard the name Qin Junye from her mouth. He was taken aback, “This song… you wrote it for Qin Junye?”
Ye Xingguang nodded sadly.
Ye Junqing’s voice abruptly deepened, as if he couldn’t accept it, the drastic change casting a strange shadow on his handsome face, “How could this song be written for Qin Junye?”
In her lyrics, the two verses:
You said
It’s alright, I’m here
You said
I will always be
Those were clearly the words he had said to her!
“I wrote it for him, otherwise, who do you think I wrote it for?”
This man, why did he suddenly become so fierce?
She felt sad and wiped the corners of her eyes, as she gazed down, reminiscing about the boy in her memory.
“Didn’t I tell you, Qin Junye once saved my life, and in the end, he died for me? This song I wrote is about this incident. I tried very hard to save him, but I couldn’t save his life. So, I really wish that he had never met me. That way, maybe he wouldn’t have died…”
Ye Junqing stared at her reminiscing expression intently. Was this girl sure she didn’t mix up her memories?
He lifted her face with his fingers, his gaze locked on her, “Are you sure, the person who told you ‘It’s alright, I’m here’ and ‘I will always be’ was Qin Junye, and not someone else? Are you getting your memories mixed up?”
How could that Qin Junye, who came from a line of farmers, say the same words as him?
Ye Xingguang knocked his hand away, “You’re the one who’s getting your memories mixed up. If I can’t remember who saved me, do I even deserve to be saved by Qin Junye?”
Ye Junqing scoffed. Who knew if her mind was addled, how else could she misattribute the words he had said to her, to that certain Qin Junye?
###Chapter 381: Chapter 381 – Her first sunshine, could only be him!_1
Her initial sunshine, it can only be him!
If Qin Junye dared to take his place in her heart, even if he had to go grave-digging, he would have Qin Junye crushed into ashes!
The depths of Ye Junqing’s eyes had filled with murderous intent without him realizing it: “Please think carefully! Who exactly told you all of these things?”
“Why are you so obsessed with this issue?”
Bet you are only being stupid because you’ve mistaken my words for someone else’s. I feel like spanking you!
Before Ye Junqing could speak, Fu Zhuo stepped forward, “Mr. Qing, it’s your turn to go up on stage for Mr. Ting’s speech in the support campaign.”
Tonight, each one of Mr. Qing’s brothers would go up on stage to give a campaign speech. Mr. Qing was no exception. After the next act finished, it would be Qing’s turn. Fu Zhuo had to hurry him along.
“Can you wait a second? Will you die?”
Fu Zhuo: “…”
How had he offended Ye Junqing this time?
“But Mr. Ting is waiting for you…”
Ye Junqing was exasperated, “I know!”
He looked down at the girl who was shedding tears for another. “After my speech, I’ll come back and deal with you. Remember this, the song couldn’t have been written for Qin Junye. Hold back your tears; if you dare shed another one for Qin Junye, I’ll make you save all your tears for me at night!”
“You…” Even though she was inexperienced, Ye Xingguang instantly understood the meaning behind his words.
This awful man, how could he say something so shameless with Fu Zhuo right there?
Ye Xingguang, feeling an overwhelming rush of anger, lifted her leg to kick him, “You’re being unreasonable again! I’m going to cry for Qin Junye! You can’t control me!”
Ye Junqing held her chin, his voice dangerous and cold, “I can’t control you? From the very first day I took you home, I warned you not to cry for any other man during the marriage period. If you didn’t hear me, I will make you cry so much at night that you’ll run out of tears to shed for that damn Qin Junye!”
“You……Just get on with your speech!”
Such a dog of a man, he seemed charming for barely three seconds before making her grind her teeth in anger!
Indeed, Ye Junqing was about to leave. But before he did, he pulled her into his arms and bit her lips aggressively.
“Hiss… It hurts.”
“Good, you should feel pain!” Daring to ascribe his words to Qin Junye, she needed to experience some pain, or he would be too lenient!
Having said that, Ye Junqing stomped off with raging anger.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
This man, why the offset of anger all of a sudden?
Fu Zhuo, standing at the side, said, “Miss Ye, have you upset Mr. Qing again?”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang didn’t like Fu Zhuo and snorted, “And what makes you think I’ve upset him?”
“I see it clearly with both my eyes.”
Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth, “What’s it got to do with me if he’s going through a mid-life crisis? Men are indeed weird creatures; they change faces faster than the weather!”
He was soothing and supportive one minute, the next he was yelling at her not to cry for anyone else during the marriage period. What a mood swing!
Fu Zhuo, with his name still on Mr. Qing’s mobile phone blacklist and taking advice from Xiao Yun, planned to stick by Miss Ye.
Although Fu Zhuo wasn’t particularly attracted to the insensibly naive Ye Xingguang, he decided to act as a conciliator, “Mr. Qing won’t just lose his temper randomly, there must be a reason. What did you guys talk about, did Mr. Qing misunderstand something about you and another guy?”
###Chapter 382: What is Grandpa Qing doing by Himself? _1
Ye Xingguang said, “Who’s messing around with other men? Don’t slander me! All I did was tell him that the song I just sang was written for a friend of mine, nothing more. Leave me alone, I don’t want to deal with you!”
Fu Zhuo instantly blew up, “You wrote a song for another guy, and you’re expecting Ye’s temper to remain cool?”
“I wrote it a while back, before I even knew who Ye was. How was I supposed to predict the future and know that writing a song for a friend would upset your precious Ye?”
I see…
Well, that’s quite innocent!noveldrama
Fu Zhuo cleared his throat, “Miss Ye, it’s not personal. I just… I hope things between you and Ye go well too. If you ever want to know Ye’s schedule, you can ask me directly.”
Ye Xingguang was fuming, “Why would I want to know his schedule?”
“Don’t all women want to know their men’s schedules? To find the best time to call him, I could be your inside man.”
“Thanks, but no thanks!”
After she said that, Ye Xingguang strutted off. She wanted to go to the restroom, to pull herself together after the mood shift.
Fu Zhuo didn’t succeed in getting into her good books, which left him rather frustrated. So many girls had tried to win him over in the past, hoping to get Ye’s schedule, but he had always ignored them. Now, for the first time, he was the one trying to win someone over… only for her to refuse!
Fu Zhuo went to Xiao Yun to complain about this.
Xiao Yun couldn’t help but sympathize, “Did Mr. Ye and Miss Ye have a disagreement again?”
Fu Zhuo said, “The song Miss Ye sang today was for a friend of hers from the past. I suspect Mr. Ye is jealous.”
Xiao Yun, “Which friend?”
Fu Zhuo, “I’m not sure. Name’s Qin Jun Ye. I’m not familiar with who it refers to.”
Xiao Yun caught on instantly, “‘Qin’ as in the Qin Dynasty, ‘Jun’ as in the military, and ‘Ye’ as in leaf. A friend of Miss Ye who died saving her ten years ago. So, the song Miss Ye sang was actually for Qin Jun Ye. No wonder Mr. Ye is uncomfortable.”
“Qin Jun Ye?”
Fu Zhuo pondered, “Why does that name sound familiar?”
Something flickered in Xiao Yun’s eyes, “You’ve heard this name before? Where?”
Since Mr. Ye had been so fond of the song, even making the driver play it in the car, Fu Zhuo got the nagging feeling it held a deeper meaning for him. But to learn the song was written for Qin Jun Ye, what was Mr. Ye thinking before?
Fu Zhuo thought for a while, “Can’t recall at the moment. Such a common name, there must be dozens or even hundreds of them around the country?”
Xiao Yun said, “About eighty Qin Jun Ye’s passed away ten years ago. Think carefully. If you remember anything, let me know.”
Fu Zhuo said, “Alright, I’ll get back to work for now.”
After Ye Junqing finished his speech, he came backstage to find Ye Xingguang. She was in the dressing room changing out of her performance costume, a dress her mother had custom-made for her recently. She carefully tried to undo the zipper at the back, but to no avail.
Someone knocked at the door of the dressing room while she was struggling with the zipper. She yelled out while continuing her struggle, “Who is it?”
“It’s me,” the voice of Ye Junqing.
“Hold on, I’m changing.”
After fruitless efforts with the zipper, Ye Xingguang gave up. She briskly walked towards the door, opening it just a crack, “Come in. I need help with the zipper. I can’t seem to undo it.”
Once Ye Junqing stepped inside on the carpeted floor, she immediately locked the door, then turned her back towards him.
Ye Junqing stared at her beautiful back, feeling a pang of melancholy. This woman was asking him to help her undress. Did she not realize what it meant for a man to help a woman undress?
###Chapter 383: Chapter 383 The scar there, she left it for him…_1 
Ye Xingguang saw him unwilling to move, and she turned her head to urge him. 
“Hurry up, what are you dragging your feet for?” 
“Wait!” 
Ye Xingguang heard his tone was very blunt, and she was upset: “If you don’t want to help, then I’ll find someone else. I won’t stand your faltering attitude!” 
“Dare to ask someone else for help, I dare you!” 
If it were another man helping her undress, he would grind him into dust! noveldrama
Ye Junqing lowered his eyes. With two fingers holding the zipper of her backless dress, he unzipped it smoothly from top to bottom. 
A large piece of her beautiful back was exposed before him, and the impact was too overwhelming. 
Ye Junqing took a deep breath and controlling his impulses was a significant challenge. How much self-restraint did he need not to press her against the wall right here? 
This woman, she had no idea what a severe test this was for him! 
But the very next second, his eyes fell on her tailbone. The sight of it made his heart ache suddenly. 
He gently touched the scar with his fingertips, then dropped to one knee, and started to suck on it. 
The scar was the result of something she did for him. It represented her deepest feelings for him… 
Ye Xingguang jumped in surprise. She had never expected him to do such a thing, her face blushed: “What… what are you doing…” 
She instinctively turned around, but the man’s hands were strongly wrapped around her waist, preventing her from moving. 
He possessively and caringly sucked on the scar, not allowing her to refuse. 
Ye Xingguang blushed, “What are you into? The last time the civil affairs bureau staff came over, I had to tell them you have a foot fetish, and I thought that was extreme enough. Now you’re into my butt?” 
Before Ye Junqing could completely express his distress and regret, she uttered those words. He couldn’t help but hold back his anger: “Shut up, if you don’t speak, no one will think you’re mute.” 
Having said that, he stood up. 
Otherwise, what would she think of him? 
Ye Xingguang was relieved and wanted to seize the opportunity to escape and free herself. As soon as she took a step, the man’s palm caught her arm, pressing her against the table next to them, not letting her escape. 
“You haven’t gone to school, do you even understand human anatomy? That’s not a butt, it’s the coccyx!” He was genuinely fed up with her, his voice irritated yet provocative. It made her heart pounded intensely. 
Embarrassed, Ye Xingguang couldn’t look him in the eyes. She nervously speaks up: “They’re… kind of similar…” 
“Say it again!” 
He watched her as if he threateningly. As though if she was reckless again, she would learn how fearsome he can be. She should not assume just because he indulged her and didn’t bear himself on her ordinarily, he had lost his basic instincts as a wolf! 
Ye Xingguang quickly covered her mouth. Her eyelashes quivered. 
Wedged between man’s chest and the table, she felt like she was a fish on the chopping board. She dared not provoke him, should he get annoyed. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to think further. Her heart was beating faster and faster as if it had reached her throat. 
She lightly pushed him: “Let me go, I need to change my clothes.” 
She only had the dress on her, and the entire back was unzipped, not covering anything. 
It seemed like Ye Junqing was reminded by her, and he lowered his head. 
Immediately, Ye Xingguang clung onto her dress at the collar, looked up and glared at him: “What are you looking at?” 
Ye Junqing smirked. “Sooner or later, you’ll be my prize, why so nervous?”
###Chapter 384: What’s up with this man?_1 noveldrama
Ye Xingguang could feel a throbbing in her forehead, unable to stand his words, blushing and irritated she exclaimed, “You…you shut up!” 
“If I shut up, could it erase the fact? Are you planning to give these delicacies to someone else in the future?” 
He held her captive in his embrace, watching her both shy and annoyed for him, he found it particularly appealing, otherwise he would feel uneasy. 
Just now, while he was giving a speech on stage, all he could think about was how to eliminate Qin Junye. Unfortunately, Qin Junye was already dead, leaving him with pent-up frustration that he couldn’t vent. So now, of course, he had to take it out on her. 
Ye Junqing took hold of her chin with both hands, lifted her blushing, annoyed face, and contemplated deeply, “After giving you so much time, have you figured out yet whether it was Qin Junye or some other handsome guy who said ‘It’s alright, I’m here’ and ‘I will always be there’ to you?” 
“What’s the matter with you, of course it was Qin Junye who said that to me.” 
This man, what’s his problem? 
“Think again!” Ye Junqing’s voice was full of suppressed anger and disappointment. 
He was very sure that it was he who had told her those words, not Qin Junye. If her brain is messed up again, don’t blame him for dealing with her! 
“What on earth are you doing? Of course, it’s Qin Junye. Who else could it be?” 
“Who else could it be, can’t you think for yourself!” 
Unable to bear it anymore, Ye Junqing pressed down hard on a spot three inches to the left of her tailbone with his index finger, accusing her in a heavy voice, “What is the story behind this scar? Don’t tell me it was also left for Qin Junye!” 
Ye Xingguang flinched, the spot where the man’s hand was pressing was the scar on her back. 
That scar was from when she saved Qin Junye from a shark attack years ago. She was confused as to why Ye Junqing was questioning her so angrily. She looked up at him, confirming with a nod, “Of course, why are you asking about my scar? How did you know I have this scar? You mentioned it when the civil affairs officials visited last time, didn’t you?” 
Ye Xingguang was curious. 
Ye Junqing was itching to strangle her right then and there: “Say it again, this scar was left for Qin Junye?” 
If she dared to repeat it, he would definitely not let her go tonight. Whatever about not wanting to repeat past mistakes, not wanting to bully her again, the angry man couldn’t care less. Right now, he just wanted to make her cry for him! 
Ye Xingguang looked back in fear at the dangerously cold man and reaffirmed, “Yes…yes indeed. I happened to see Qin Junye surrounded by a group of sharks while I was at sea. I rushed over to save him and ended up getting scratched by a shark tooth, which left this scar. What on earth is wrong with you? Let go of me already, don’t…” 
As soon as Ye Xingguang finished speaking, the man, like a provoked large feline, viciously bit her, wanting to swallow her, chew her into pieces, and not even spare her blood and bones. 
Ye Xingguang was so instantly pained that she lost her breath. From the start, she was unable to resist, desperately pushing him away. In the few moments of relief, she shook her heads from side to side, not giving him another shot, “What are you doing? We’re in a changing room. Stop messing around; it hurts.” 
Ye Junqing held her flailing jaw with his long fingers, coldly forcing her to look up. His lips crashed down on hers with a fierce fury, “It should hurt! Otherwise, I have no way to drain the water from your brain!” 
He was now very sure, this slap-worthy mermaid had mistakenly replaced their shared memories with those of her and that damn Qin Junye. If he didn’t give her a good thrashing, he wouldn’t be able to squeeze the water out of her brain!
###Chapter 385: Chapter 385 Calmness, Killing Officials is a Crime!_1 
Ye Xingguang’s head buzzed, immediately clouding her mind. Who was acting crazy? This goddamned man, really behaving like a damn dog… 
After his fit, her mouth felt numb and speechless. She could only lift her resentful eyes, flushing with embarrassment, and glare at him. 
But as their eyes met, the rage in the man’s eyes grew more intense, showing no sign of diminishing; the fiery anger kept escalating. 
She gasped, too scared to utter any complaints, afraid of provoking him further. 
It was so unfair; she had no idea why he was acting up like this! 
At that moment, she heard footsteps and knocking from outside the dressing room, along with voices calling for them. Seizing this as her lifeline, she said, “Someone’s calling for us outside, let go of me.” 
Ye Junqing refused to let go, fuming. More knocking could be heard from outside: “Mr. Qing, Miss Ye, are you inside? The banquet is about to end. Could you both please come on stage? Everyone is waiting; we’re only missing you.” 
Going on stage again? 
Ye Xingguang was hugely grateful for the people urging them from outside: “Ye Junqing, they’re urging us to go on stage.” noveldrama
“Going on stage, going on stage. It’s not like you can become the First Lady, why are you so enthusiastic?” Ye Junqing’s temper was immensely infuriating– he completely disregarded reason. He was a total jerk. 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes: “Isn’t this your brother’s presidential campaign? I’m doing this for you, aren’t I?” 
Ye Junqing remained silent, although her words were touching, they couldn’t soothe his wounded feelings. The thought of her mixing up their shared experiences with what she’d experienced with Qin Junye filled him with anger, stifling him. 
“Knock knock knock… Mr. Qing, Miss Ye, did you hear me?” 
“We heard you, we’re coming right away,” Ye Xingguang shouted back, then added: “Thank goodness I didn’t change my clothes.” 
She reached behind to pull up the zip of her dress, but trapped in the man’s grasp, even the slightest movement was difficult. She struggled to pull up the zip for a long time with no success. Ye Junqing watched, lifted her, pinched the zipper between two fingers, and pulled it straight to the top with a single rough movement. 
But even when fully zipped, her alluring back was still visible. This was a backless dress. 
Ye Junqing’s voice sank again: “Stop wearing these types of shoulder-exposing, back-exposing dresses for me in the future. They don’t suit a proper lady.” 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!!!” 
Ye Xingguang could no longer control her temper: “Are you ill without taking your medicine? You’re not a reputable man!” 
After saying this, she raised her leg and stomped on his foot with her high heels, then stormed out of the dressing room huffily. 
Ye Junqing followed, swiftly catching her wrist and tightening his grip. Then looking down at her, his condescension palpable, he retorted, “It’s better to forget about the medicine than having a brain full of water like you, at least my IQ isn’t affected!” 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!!!” 
Deep breaths, stay calm, stay calm; don’t kill in anger! 
The banquet was still bustling. As the couple most focused on this season appeared hand in hand backstage, the girls couldn’t help but scream, watching a sight they could hardly forget. This was the couple’s first joint appearance in public! 
Inside, Ye Xingguang felt incredibly frustrated. Yet, when she got on stage, the host joked and asked: “Miss Ye, may I ask a question on behalf of all the girls who may draw a ticket in the future and those who already did? How did you manage to charm this man who’s said to be a curse for anyone who wins the ticket?”
###Chapter 386: Probably, I can’t escape the True Fragrance Law either_1 
What do you mean she got him under control? She hardly did! 
This damned man was still treating her like a savage in the dressing room just a few moments ago! 
However, when the host handed her the microphone, she couldn’t exactly say: “At the moment, this cruel man is gripping my wrist so tightly that he might just crush it”! 
Ye Xingguang tried to smile, and cheekily replied: “Like I said, he’s such a toxic person, I just used my righteousness.” 
“Pfft … Hahaha …” 
A bunch of Ye Junqing’s brothers in arms on stage, couldn’t help but laugh, and the crowd below was in stitches. 
The host returned to Ye Junqing and asked: “Mr. Ye, were you won over by Ms. Carp Girl in this way?” 
“Who said she had me under control?” 
Ye Junqing responded with a stern face, his tone was not at all pleasant. 
Who could have expected him to be so blunt and embarrass the host on this occasion? The host was momentarily at a loss for words. 
Ye Xingguang, whose wrist was still tightly gripped by the man, looked awkward momentarily and didn’t know how to maintain her decency as she smiled. 
What a jerk! Was he trying to make her look bad in public again? 
She was upset with him, but unexpectedly, he let go of her hand. Now she felt even more embarrassed, not knowing what to do. 
Cursing in her heart, but then the man strongly pulled her waist and drew her closer to him. With an unhurried voice, he gracefully spoke out: “Shouldn’t it be the other way around? Shouldn’t she be the one under my control?” 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “…” 
The speechless host came back to life and started teasing: “Wow, so it turns out Ms. Carp Girl is the one won over by him. Honorable voters on the scene, are you satisfied with this answer?” 
After a second of silence, the venue erupted in applause. 
It’s not just satisfaction, it’s euphoria! 
This was the best publicity for the Civil Affairs Bureau. It greatly encouraged girls who might have to play the number drawing game for marriage. It turns out number drawing is not so scary, haha … 
The host was not willing to let go of this rare opportunity: “But, Mr. Ye, netizens generally believe that you only accepted Ms. Carp Girl for your big brother’s presidential election. Moreover, when you accepted an interview from your own media earlier, you said that there is no chance for familiarity breeds fondness, but now you’ve changed your mind. Could you satisfy the curiosity of our netizens?” 
Ye Xingguang was also curious about this question. 
Thus, she perked up her ears, lifted her head, and sneakily peered at the jerk’s face that made her flustered. noveldrama
Ye Junqing stared deep into the eyes of the little mermaid in his arms and said mysteriously: “Perhaps, I couldn’t escape the irresistible allure.” 
“Ahahaha …” 
The female voters in the audience were once again enchanted by Ye’s charisma! 
What to do, they wish they could replace Ms. Carp Girl and become the of his irresistible allure. 
“Miss Ye, are you satisfied with this answer?” The host really knew how to question. 
Ye Xingguang tried hard to control the corners of her lips from curling up. Thinking about how despicable he was in the dressing room, she thought it might serve him right to embarrass him a little: “Not particularly satisfied.” 
“Wow, now Miss Ye isn’t particularly satisfied. So, Mr. Ye, what will you do? How about you do something here and now, to make Miss Ye particularly satisfied?” The host livened up the atmosphere once again. 
Ye Junqing looked down at her, he really wanted to glare at her, but due to the occasion, he softened his gaze and gently pat her head. 
His simple action made the female voters go crazy. He then said, “Then, what can I do to make you particularly satisfied?” 
“I don’t know, it depends on your performance.” She responded.
###Chapter 387: Like This, are you Satisfied?_1
Hum, don’t think I’m easy to bully! If you don’t satisfy me this time, I will embarrass you in public!
Ye Xingguang acted arrogantly. Who said I can’t turn the tables?
Yi Yujian stood beside Ye Shiting, watching this scene with amusement. He couldn’t help but say, “Second brother, go ahead and kiss her!”
However, Ye Junqing didn’t. Instead, under the watchful eyes of everyone, he suddenly went down on one knee. This act shocked everyone present, including Ye Xingguang. A man treasures his dignity as much as gold. Who would bend their knee in public unless they were proposing?
Especially a dignified man like Ye Junqing. He would not easily kneel to a girl.
Ye Xingguang’s breath hitched, and she lowered her head, looking at Ye Junqing in confusion. Her heart started to pound wildly.
Ye Junqing held her hand, and while still on one knee, kissed the back of her hand, then looked up at her, “Is this satisfactory?”
Ye Xingguang was utterly stunned and didn’t know how to respond.
“If it is still not satisfactory…”
Ye Junqing dragged out his words, making hearts race. Everyone was wondering how else he was going to humble himself. Then everyone saw him pull out a luxurious velvet box from his suit pocket, causing an uproar.
Wow! Is he about to propose?noveldrama
This is way too romantic!
Even Ye Xingguang herself was taken aback. How was she supposed to react to this sudden move by this man?
The host and brothers on the stage also got excited, their eyes fixed on the velvet box in his hand, awaiting a surprise proposal. They couldn’t believe he had this up his sleeve.
But, the velvet box Ye Junqing opened did not contain an engagement ring.
The audience couldn’t see clearly, but the host and brothers standing next to him, as well as Ye Xingguang, saw clearly.
Ye Xingguang, who had been tense, suddenly relaxed. Thank goodness it’s not a ring, it’s not a proposal. Otherwise, she would have been completely unprepared. But she couldn’t help feeling a little disappointed. She even wanted to laugh at her own unrealistic expectations.
What Ye Junqing took out of the velvet box was a delicate diamond anklet. The finely cut diamonds sparkled like stars under the light. On the end of the chain, a silver-blue scale hung down, the finishing touch that made the anklet irresistibly enchanting.
Ye Xingguang noticed at first glance the blue scale hanging on the end of the anklet in Ye Junqing’s hand. Wasn’t it the fish scale that fell from her foot, the one Tang Zhou treated as a token of love and said he had thrown away?
How did it end up on an anklet?
Ye Xingguang didn’t have time to think more, the man had already put the anklet on her slender ankle…
Then, he looked up again with a deep magnetic voice, “I am truly fascinated by your heels.”
Ye Xingguang: “….”
She suddenly remembered the first boastful tweet she made from her Princess Koi account: What’s wrong with my darling liking my delicate feet?
Suddenly, everyone laughed.
The host took advantage of the celebratory mood, “Miss Ye, are you satisfied now?”
Ye Xingguang dare not act naughty anymore, “Please stand up.”
She was afraid that if she said she was still not satisfied, he might kiss her heels.
But Ye Junqing did not hurry to get up. He continued to look up at his little mermaid, microphone in hand, asking, “Do you know the meaning of an anklet?”
Ye Xingguang shook her head, immediately followed by his deep, imposing voice. It seemed that one lifetime would not be enough for her, “Tie you down in this life, bind you in the next!”
###Chapter 388: Chapter 388 She Chickened Out, She’s Scared! _1
Ye Xingguang’s heart was in turmoil. What was he going on about, binding this life and tying the next?
How could this man, rage at her in the dressing room one moment, then say such heart-stirring things on stage the next?
She badly wanted to be mad at him, but looking down at the deeply symbolic ankle chain on her foot, she couldn’t stop her heart from pounding.
Women were indeed creatures of sound, their ears soft and incapable of resisting such sweet bombardments.
It was only an ankle chain, yet at that moment, it felt immensely precious to her, like a priceless treasure.
The atmosphere in the room peaked instantly because of his words!
“Wow! Ye is so romantic! Binding this life and chaining the next? I feel like I’m turning green with envy!”
“My goodness, so sweet, when will sweet romance belong to me?”
“Good heavens, the lucky girl is too fortunate! This is even more domineering than a marriage proposal. I’m going to the civil affairs bureau to draw a number. No one can stop me!”
Below the stage, the female voters were going crazy!
While the protagonist of tonight’s event, Ye Shiting, belonged to the male voters, Ye Junqing was the most dazzling sun in the hearts of the female voters!noveldrama
Is this really a campaign rally, or Ye’s confession party?
I’m eating all this dog food and it tastes so good!
Ye Xingguang didn’t even know how the party ended, as her mind was in a daze.
Backstage, she couldn’t control the beating of her heart. She looked up at the man who was talking to Ye Shiting and found him astonishingly handsome, even more so than usual.
She was now very certain that when this man wanted to spoil you, he could actually take you to the skies.
However, after talking to Ye Shiting, Ye Junqing splashed cold water on her, “What are you so excited about? Continue recalling who exactly the boy was that you saved from the shark group. If you still tell me it was Qin Junye before I sleep tonight, you won’t be sleeping!”
“What?” He was only handsome for three seconds before she wanted to curse him!
Ye Junqing’s anger didn’t subside, even after his public display of affection on stage. He smacked her buttocks and whispered into her ear, “You’ll know when you get home. If you mess up again, I’ll make you cry out Qin Junye’s name backwards and beg me to hear it all night!”
His menacing eyes showed he was not joking at all. He was furious!
Public displays of affection and dog food, he was drowning in a sea of jealousy!
Ye Xingguang shrank back, feeling as if her life was in danger tonight.
At this time, Lin Nan walked over and said, “Brother Ting, many people were too busy preparing for the banquet to eat dinner. Let’s have late night snacks. I suggest we have hot pot at home. By the time we finish, it’ll be midnight and the public can start voting. Tonight will be another sleepless night.”
Tang Xiao agreed, “I’m starving. Let’s have hot pot together and pull an all-nighter. I won’t be able to sleep until the voting ends at twelve o’clock tomorrow night. What about you guys?”
Mu Nianbai and Mo Zhe voiced their agreement in unison, “We’re good with anything.”
Ye Shiting agreed with everyone’s suggestion, and turned to ask Ye Junqing, “Are you and your sister going home, or will you join us for hot pot?”
“Hot pot!” Ye Xingguang immediately raised her hand. She didn’t want to go home with him.
The man’s eyes were clearly saying she wouldn’t be able to get away tonight. She was scared!
###Chapter 389: How about I go back with you? _1
The most crucial thing was, she had no idea what had upset him so much. If she didn’t go for hotpot tonight, she would definitely be dead meat!
He even said that tonight, she would have to reverse the order of the name Qin Junye while crying and beg him to listen to it all night long!
If she reverses the order of the name Qin Junye, it becomes Ye Junqin?
Wow, it sounded similar to that big malignant tumour’s name. Coincidence?
Could it be that the man was trying to imply that he was the boy who had saved her life?
Rubbish! She had seen the boy before, he was definitely not that big tumour!
Even after ten years, a person’s appearance couldn’t possibly change completely, so why was that big tumour so angry?
Ye Xingguang scratched her head, she couldn’t figure it out no matter how much she tried.
…
After leaving the stadium, since one car was not enough to accommodate everyone, she had to begrudgingly get in the car with that big tumour.
Once inside the car, not only she felt overwhelmed, even Fu Zhuo felt the oppressive atmosphere in the car, it was difficult to breathe.
Fu Zhuo was also confused, Alexander had just publicly displayed his affection for her on stage, why did his face change after leaving the stage?
He had heard of the saying, a woman’s heart is like a needle at the bottom of the sea, but now he felt that a man’s heart is also similar?
He suddenly felt sympathy for Ye Xingguang, it wasn’t easy dealing with Alexander’s unpredictability. It was like one moment in heaven and the next in hell.
All she did was write a song to commemorate her savior who had passed away, why was Alexander being so petty and jealous to the point of being upset even now?
When Qin Junye was mentioned, Fu Zhuo started pondering, he felt he had heard this name somewhere before, but where?
Not sure if it was due to his anger, but Alexander wasn’t feeling well. His old illness usually flares up when he is emotionally unstable.
Before the car had reached Ye Shiting’s villa, Alexander was certain that his illness had returned. Before the illness hit, all he could think of was how to torment her tonight, but after the attack, his mind was filled with only one thought: he wanted her to stay as far away from him as possible.noveldrama
The procession of cars arrived at Ye Shiting’s villa, but Alexander didn’t get out of the car.
Alexander sat in the car, rolled down the window and said to Ye Shiting who had gotten off another car “I don’t feel like eating hot pot, I’m tired, I want to go back to sleep, brother, you guys go ahead.”
“But I want to eat hotpot!” Ye Xingguang pushed open the car door and rushed out, she didn’t want to go back to sleep with him.
The thought was terrifying!
Alexander watched her scramble to escape with indifference, he didn’t stop her, he merely told Xiao Yun, “When she’s had enough food and drink, take her to the hospital.”
Xiao Yun nodded his head and got out of the car.
Before getting out of the car, he noticed that Alexander’s expression seemed off, so he asked concernedly, “Alexander, are you feeling unwell?”
Considering the uniqueness of tonight, it was unusual for Alexander to want to go to bed at this time, could it be his old illness acting up again?
“Alexander, are you having another episode?” Xiao Yun was very observant.
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang, who had already run off, immediately returned. She too noticed the man sitting in the car, who appeared to be unwell. In her anxiety, she asked, “Are you sick again?”
With a poker face, Alexander remained silent.
Ye Xingguang immediately reached out to feel his forehead, “Huh, so cold.”
Ye Shiting, who was standing outside the car, frowned with concern: “Why is he having an attack at this time? Xiao Yun, take Alexander back. After we finish the hotpot, I’ll arrange for someone to take the young lady and my younger brother to the hospital.”
“That sounds good.” Alexander didn’t refuse.
But Ye Xingguang timidly said, “I…I…should I go with you?”
###Chapter 390: If You Have Medicine, Please Persuade Lord Qing to Take It_1
Thinking of his agonizing condition when the illness struck, Ye Xingguang failed to control her voice, even though she was fully aware of the dangers lying ahead.
She just couldn’t sit idly while she watched him go through this, even though there was little she could do to help.
Ye Jun Qing was slightly taken aback when the girl boldly volunteered to accompany him home. His heart wavered, but his tone was dismissive, “What are you coming home with me for? Go eat your hot pot instead of looking for trouble!”
“I’m not looking for trouble; maybe I can be your pillow again like the first time, and we can pull through it together?”
Ye Jun Qing rejected the offer indifferently, “Not needed, it would only exacerbate the sickness.”
Since it’d worsen the sickness, why did you hug me that first time all night without letting go?
Ye Xingguang swallowed down her question, mumbling the grievance to herself.
Fu Zhuo said: “Miss Ye, please, don’t add to the chaos right now. I know you care about Master Qing as much as we do, but right now, being by his side would only do him more harm than good.
Maybe not necessarily. That time on the plane, wasn’t it Miss Ye, who prepared the soup filled with a bloody smell that aptly cooled Master Qing’s fever?
Xiao Yun respectfully nodded his head: “Miss Ye, please get in the car, we will escort Master Qing home together.”
“Sure.” Ye Xingguang agreed without further ado and climbed back into the vehicle.noveldrama
Ye Jun Qing watched the persistently devoting girl, his gaze flashing bright to dim, yet his voice was icy cold, “Who asked for your company? Did I say I needed your company?”
Before Ye Xingguang could respond, Xiao Yun, who shut the car door, said, “Master Qing, the medicine Miss Ye gave you on the plane seemed to work. Since it wasn’t blood, Miss Ye, could you make another bowl of it for Master Qing?”
Ye Xingguang, “…”
She was suddenly at a loss. How should she respond?
That medicine… she indeed wanted to give it to him, but although it could alleviate his condition, yet …
“Miss Ye, please.” Xiao Yun pleaded earnestly.
Seeing that she seemed hesitant and distressed, Ye Jun Qing coldly stopped Xiao Yun from continuing, “Not necessary! I won’t take any medicine!”
Xiao Yun, unaware of the medicine’s effect and assuming that Ye Jun Qing was still hesitant because he thought it was blood, said, “Master Qing, the medicine that Miss Ye gave you last time, I specially had it tested, and the doctor assured me that it is not blood, so you can drink it without worry.”
Drink without worries? How could he possibly drink it without worries?
After drinking it, would he take a hot bath, followed by another heavy cold, or …
Ye Jun Qing’s eyes darkened in that instant. Prior to falling sick, he was itching to punish her tonight in a fit of annoyance, but when it came to repeating his past mistakes against her will, Ye Quin Qing had to think thrice about it.
In the end, he just couldn’t bear to see her suffer.
Ye Jun Qing despised himself for being soft-hearted. Where were his usual decisive and calculated actions? What had become of him?
This girl’s lyrics said, it was destined that she was his eternal stumbling block. Her words were indeed to the point.
…..
At the Ye family estate, Xiao Yun departed after dropping the two of them off.
Before he left, he earnestly requested, “Miss Ye, I implore you, if you have the medicine, please persuade Master Qing to take it.”
Ye Xingguang felt awkward and didn’t know how to respond. After Xiao Yun had left, she assisted Ye Jun Qing upstairs, intending to escort him to his bedroom, but Ye Jun Qing said, “Take me to the third floor, to that room.”
“The one with the special throne that can contain you?”
“Yes.” At this moment, Ye Junqing was already struggling to hold back his symptoms. His body trembled with cold, and his face took on a strangely captivating hue due to the excessive paleness, making him look like a sickly but bewitching icy beauty.
###Chapter 391: I Give You Medicine, And Then…_1
Ye Xingguang had no choice but to help the man afflicted with a severe condition up to the third floor. She arranged him in a special throne by the floor-to-ceiling windows and, following his instructions, secured his hands and feet, hoping that the specially made throne could provide some relief.
Once everything was arranged, she looked at the trembling figure of the man trying so hard to endure the pain and asked, “Would it be better for you if I stay or if I leave?”
“What do you think?” The man replied, his cold lips pressed into a tight line.
Ye Xingguang murmured, “I…I think I better leave.”
Her presence here was indeed more harmful than helpful to him.
But returning to her room made her uneasy. Was she supposed to just leave the man suffering on the third floor to himself?
Ye Xingguang lowered her head, staring at the red bead on her pendant, her mind filled with Xiao Yun’s pleading.
Actually, what was the problem? They were officially appointed to be together, so what if they ignited the spark of love?
Ye Xingguang had never paid any attention to “The Guide to Living During an Official Appointment,” a book that had been collecting dust on her table. She picked it up and started to flip through it, wanting to see what the country’s rules were for people appointed to live together.
Half the book was dedicated to explaining the current situation of the country’s aging population, with the birth rate decreasing and the number of people over 60 increasing. It argued that if an effective policy isn’t enacted, their generation could be saddled with the financial burden of supporting these seniors in the future.
The decreasing population, which would lead to a decrease in labor force and, subsequently, the country’s competitiveness…
The author of the book was very persuasive. By page 35, Ye Xingguang already had feelings of national pride and patriotic spirit welling up from within, placing the responsibility of bearing children for the country on herself…
But by page 58, she abruptly slammed shut “The Guide to Living During an Official Appointment.” To her astonishment, the next chapter was all about the physical health knowledge pertaining to a couple’s private life!
This book was toxic for sure!
Unable to control her legs, Ye Xingguang ran up to the third floor, bursting through the door.
The room was dimly lit, with only the soft silver glow of moonslight from outside. It illuminated the man on the special throne, his robust form held upright by the restraints. His face, usually radiant with vigor, was now contorted with the struggle to suppress his desire.
“Maybe you should take the medicine!” Ye Xingguang blurted out impulsively.
She strode up to the man and said, “I’ll give you the medicine, and then…”noveldrama
“And then what?” The man, suddenly wide-eyed, interrupted.
Ye Xingguang lost her nerve, and was unable to speak further. But she was resolute about what she needed to do. “Wait here,” she said, “I’ll go and get the medicine for you.”
With that, Ye Xingguang rushed out, leaving the man sitting alone on his throne, contemplating her unfinished sentence.
What did she mean by that?
Without her explicitly stating it, he dared not assume her intentions!
When Ye Xingguang returned, she held a steaming bowl of medicine. She handled it delicately as she approached him, urging, “Drink it quickly. You’ll feel better after.”
The man’s eyes were deep like the sea, “Are you sure I won’t feel distressed after drinking it? I don’t want to experience the feeling of both fire and ice again!”
Ye Xingguang’s face turned as red as blood. Was this man doing this on purpose? Even though she had already hinted it in a clear way, he still had the nerve to ask that awkward question. Was he not going to stop until she, a girl, completely lost her face? Stamping her foot, Ye Xingguang exclaimed, “Are you going to drink it or not?”
[PS: Monthly ticket doubling is on, do you have any in hand? Seeking for monthly tickets, begging for monthly tickets, begging for monthly tickets~~]
###Chapter 392: Chapter 392 Is this love deep in my bones?_1
The sudden arrival of happiness is like a tornado, Ye Junqing’s eyes are so deep, as if he’s fallen into the ocean of love. His voice is aloof, “Are you sure?”
Ye Xingguang is about to pour a bowl of medicine into a pot of indoor hanging orchid next to her, if he keeps talking nonsense!
“Feed me!” Before she wastes a bowl of medicine, Ye Junqing opens his thin and sexy lips, which have all the blood drained away.
Ye Xingguang huffs and carefully brings the steaming hot medicine to his mouth, unable to resist whispering, “Drink slowly, be careful it’s hot.”
Ye Junqing is slightly stupefied, his heart seems to be ironed flat. Warmth bubbles up within him.
In one go, he drinks every drop from the bowl of medicine. His voice is sexily jittery, “You’re going all out just to relieve my discomfort? Is this deep love down to the bone?”
He was imprisoned, and she was indifferent. He thought that winning her heart would be a long and arduous road. But, surprisingly, for his sake, she was willing to make such a large sacrifice. Ye Junqing uttered another ambiguous sentence, “Is it because, in fact, you want to?”
Ye Xingguang’s eyebrows twitch, “Shut up, no one thinks you’re a mute if you don’t talk!”
Ye Junqing closes his mouth. A smirk tugs on his lips, as if a peach blossom had bloomed there. He gazes at her with a hint of a smile, “Go take a shower.”
Ye Xingguang glares at him fiercely, “If you speak again, I’ll kill you!”
“What will you do with the rest of your life if you kill me?”
“Can’t I just choose another one? Lin Hanfeng is still waiting for me…”
Before Ye Xingguang could finish her sentence, Ye Junqing’s eyes turn cold, “I’ll slaughter Lin Hanfeng tomorrow!”
Ye Xingguang suddenly laughs, “Go ahead and slaughter him, I’m leaving. I can’t be bothered with you.”
Ye Xingguang snorts and doesn’t want to exchange another word with him. Feeling anxious, she just wants to escape right now.
“Come back,” Ye Junqing calls out to her from behind.
As if she would, she doesn’t want to hear his teasing words having taken advantage of her.
Ye Junqing looks at the girl with the speed of a whirlwind. “You’re running away? How am I supposed to free myself if you don’t untie me?”
Ye Xingguang has already reached the door. Hearing this, she has no choice but to turn back and untie him. Quickly standing up, she tries to run away, but the man moves faster and grabs her wrist, pulling her into an unexpected embrace that sends chills down her spine.
“What, what are you doing? There’s no way the antidote’s side effects kick in this fast, let me go!”
“Are you sure?” Ye Junqing’s expression changes and his tone is as gentle as if he were stroking a beloved cat, “I won’t force you. Tell me, are you actually looking forward to it?”
“Look forward to what? I just read ‘Official Marriage Period Life Rules,’ and I thought about how serious the ageing population issue is right now. I’m just being patriotic, wanting to contribute to the country…”
Ye Junqing is incredulous, his low voice is loaded with disbelief and excitement, “You’re actually considering having a child with me?”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
This man, did he catch the main point of her last sentence: Patriotism!!!!!!
Suddenly, Ye Junqing bends over and gets her into a princess hold. Ye Xingguang falls into his arms, his deep sea-like eyes are pitch-black. Ye Xingguang, feeling nervous, lifts her eyes to meet his gaze. The next second, she stiffens up and doesn’t know how to hide her blushing face. Her voice is trembling, “You, put me down. I can walk by myself.”
Ye Junqing holds her, not giving her the chance to walk by herself. His voice is domineering but persistent, “There’s no need. I’ll carry you, to save you from exhausting yourself.”noveldrama
“Exhausting? How much energy can walking possibly use?” Ye Xingguang grumbles with a trembling heart.
But the man glances at her, his eyes clearly revealing everything, “You know perfectly well that I’m not talking about now.”
###Chapter 393: Chapter 393 He Wishes His Old Disease Relapses Every Day!_1
Ye Xingguang’s heart constricted once again, wanting to flee in fear. She regretted it, the man’s look was fraught with danger.
At this moment, her face was as red as the most beautiful sunset at the end of the coastline. The medicine had not taken effect yet, let alone the side effects. Ye Junqing, transfixed by the shy and nervous mermaid in his arms, felt the blood rush to his head. His strides grew wider as he longed to carry her back to the room.
He could not wait another second. If being ill meant he was bestowed with her all-out care, he wished for a relapse every single day.
…
Near midnight, around half past eleven, in the villa where Ye Shiting was working.
Ye Shiting, Lin Nan, Mu Nianbai, Tang Xiao, Mo Zhe, Fu Zhuo, Ji Qishu, Mo Fei, and others hadn’t slept, continuing their gathering around the dining table, drinking and enjoying hot pot. Aside from Ye Junqing, only Tang Zhou was absent. He was still holding his position at the headquarters of Junxing Weibo.
Once midnight passed, voters around the country could cast their precious vote to the presidential candidate of their choice.
With half an hour remaining until midnight, for the brothers who had been working tirelessly for nearly a year, everyone seemed more nervous than Ye Shiting. However, just by looking at him, one could tell he was the most composed, as he continued to cook sliced tripe for Yi Yujian.
In his heart, he was worried about his younger brother’s illness.
After some thought, he dialed a number. There was no answer when he called.
When his younger brother had a relapse, Ye Shiting couldn’t be near him, however, he would call him to chat and distract him. It might not have any effect, but his brother would usually pick up the call.
Believing that Ye Junqing may not have heard the phone, he dialed the number again.
“Worried about Junqing, are you?” asked Yi Yujian, “Don’t worry, isn’t your sister with him?”
Ji Qishu said, “When Junqing has a relapse, it doesn’t help who’s with him, Ye Xingguang is likely making it worse.”
Yi Yujian sighed, “So Junqing’s illness is incurable after all. How did he contract it? You guys remain tight-lipped. Maybe, knowing it could open up more solutions.”
When Yi Yujian married into the Ye family, Ye Junqing was already diagnosed with this peculiar illness, so she did not know how he contracted it. Even though she had asked several times, everyone kept mum.noveldrama
Ji Qishu said, “Sister Yi, it’s not that we’re withholding from you, we truly don’t know what caused Junqing’s illness. All we know is that, ten years ago, Junqing went out to sea, came back severely injured and was on death’s door. He was in the ICU for nearly a month and by then, he had already caught this peculiar disease.”
Yi Yujian asked, “What did he do at sea? Was being at sea this dangerous? Did he encounter pirates?”
Ji Qishu said, “I don’t know about that, but Fu Zhuo would. He went with Junqing at the time. You should ask Fu Zhuo.”
Yi Yujian turned towards Fu Zhuo questioning. As Fu Zhuo was dipping some coriander into the hot pot, he casually said, “We went on a spy mission. We were young and fearless, confident that we could steal important business secret documents from an old man who was always against the Ye family. That’s why we boarded the cruise ship the old man was on. Junqing was too reckless, refusing to change his appearance or identity. In the end, I had to discreetly alter his appearance while he was asleep. Since we were going out to sea and I was afraid of him falling into water, I also applied waterproof makeup on him…”
###Chapter 394: Tonight is bound to be a sleepless night_1
Imagining the scene where Fu Zhuo disguised his younger brother while he was asleep, Yi Yujian laughed, “Didn’t the second brother notice? Didn’t he look in the mirror when he woke up?”
At this, Fu Zhuo couldn’t help but boast, “Of course, I couldn’t let him know that I had disguised him. I had to be cautious all the time. Moreover, we were spies then. We weren’t all that picky. He didn’t even wash his face when he woke up.”
Yi Yujian was curious, “So what did you disguise him as?”
Fu Zhuo said, “I disguised him according to a photo on an ID card I found at the beach. He looked extremely ordinary. No one would notice him on the street. Later on, I even sneaked the ID card into his pocket. Luckily, I was clever. Otherwise, it would not have been so easy for him to escape when he was caught by that old man’s bodyguard!”
Yi Yujian was taken aback, “My second brother was caught?”
“Isn’t it,” said Fu Zhuo just as startled, “Thank god my disguise skills were good. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to escape! Because the old man’s bodyguard didn’t recognize him, they didn’t harm him severely. They simply threw him into the sea.”
He said, “At that time, he was caught but I was not. Knowing that he was a good swimmer, I called Ji Qishu and told him to go and fish him out of the sea, while I stayed undercover on the cruise ship, completing the task of stealing documents. Surprisingly, Qishu failed to find him.”
Hearing this, Ji Qishu, who was eating fatty beef, lost his temper, laid down his chopsticks heavily and said, “You had disguised him and yet you didn’t tell me. How would I know his appearance had changed?”noveldrama
Fu Zhuo fell silent. He admittedly hadn’t thought this through at the time.
Ji Qishu continued grumbling, “I gave his photo to my men and asked them to go search for him in the sea. How could they possibly find him? If you hadn’t looked for him personally in the end, even if he died on a beach, nobody would have known he was Ye family’s favorite son.”
Yi Yujian couldn’t believe it, “So the waterproof makeup was that good? It didn’t smear even after soaking in the sea for so long?”
Ji Qishu said, “I may not have seen many impressive skills from this kid, but his disguise technique is paramount. Not to mention it didn’t smear, when we found him, he was floating on the sea. Fu Zhuo said that was him, and jumped into the water to save him. I thought he just picked up a random person as a stand-in! It was not until we got him on board and removed the makeup with a special solution that we realized it was really him. I never told anyone about it before, fearing anyone else would know that he nearly lost his life because of Fu Zhuo’s prank, and Fu Zhuo would be kicked out of the Ye’s family.”
Ye Shiting gave Fu Zhuo a deep glance. Not to mention their parents, even he as the eldest brother didn’t know that his younger brother was not found immediately because he was disguised.
Maybe even the second brother himself didn’t know?
At this time, the clock struck midnight, Lin Nan said nervously, “The voting starts now!”
All of a sudden, everyone stopped talking and took out their mobile phones.
There was real-time vote counting on the official website. The men eating hotpot around the table no longer cared about Fu Zhuo being skilled in disguising. Everyone’s attention was focused on the official website for the presidential election, watching the constantly changing data without blinking.
For them, tonight was bound to be a sleepless night.
…
For Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing, tonight was also destined to be a sleepless night.
###Chapter 395: Little Fish Tail, Big Poisonous Tumor Wants to Pinch Your Fish Tail_1
Ye Junqing never even dreamed that Little Fish Tail would take the initiative to spoil him like this one day, thinking back to the past…
The one he initially met must have been a fake Fish Tail!
Otherwise, how could he explain that the same Little Fish Tail could stir up different sparks when interacting with him? One was the raging flame of hatred, and the other the raging flame of love. It was not just a world of ice and fire, but heaven and hell in a flicker of thought.
When dawn came, the room still retained traces of their sweet entanglement, even the air was fermented with an ambience that would make anyone’s heart pound.
Ye Junqing took a refreshing bath in the bathroom and returned to the bedroom. Sitting at the edge of the bed, he looked at the girl who had already fallen into a deep sleep.
His gaze landed on her wet hair, causing him to slightly furrow his brows. Instantly, he wrapped her up in the quilt and carried her out.
He asked her to take a bath, but she adamantly refused. Was it not uncomfortable with her body feeling sticky?
Ye Junqing carried her out of the bedroom and descended the stairs.
The servants who were busy working early in the morning saw Ye Junqing carrying a quilt downstairs. No one could see the person inside the quilt, only a pair of jade-like feet and a head of black hair outside the quilt, making it clear that there was somebody in it.
There was no doubt that the woman in the quilt was none other than Miss Ye.
Although they didn’t attend Uncle Ting’s election party last night, everyone had mobile phones in the internet age. They all watched the live broadcast on their phones. Last night, Second Master Junqing actually got down on his noble knees and told Miss Ye: “Tie the knot in this life and tether our destiny in the next life!”
Master Junqing is such a real man!
As maids of the Ye family, they were at a complete loss on how Miss Ye had managed to win over Master Junqing, how could their relationship developed so fast?
Was there really no escape from the irresistible attraction of someone you deeply love?
When Ye Junqing walked out of the villa, his slightly hoarse voice tossed out a sentence to the bodyguards standing outside: “Close your eyes, or risk losing them if you dare peek!”
Bodyguards: Master Junqing, what can we see? A head of black hair, a pair of jade feet?
In the early morning, you’re carrying a woman outdoors, what are you planning to do?
Xiao Yun, who had been standing guard at the door all night, walked over, stretching his neck: “Master Junqing, are you going out? Need a car ready?”noveldrama
No need! You go and rest, your dark circles are too heavy. I’ll give you a couple of days off, go and get some good sleep.”
After saying that, he strode towards the Mermaid Swimming Pavilion, ready to give his beloved Little Fish Tail a bath.
Although the swimming pavilion was just behind the villa, Ye Junqing felt the path was too long. He regretted not asking the designer to build an aerial connection between the villa and the pavilion, this would save his beloved Fish Tail’s jade feet from the gaze of outsiders.
It seemed that he needed to ask the designer to make that connection platform.
Finally arriving at the second floor of the Mermaid Swimming Pavilion, he laid the fatigued Ye Xingguang, who probably wouldn’t wake even if there was a thunderstorm, on a tatami mat next to the swimming pool. He then pulled away the quilt, took off the exquisite anklet, and carried her into the water.
It was like opening Pandora’s Box; the delicate pair of feet touched the water and instantly transformed into a tail that was more beautiful than Xia Yanyan’s by countless folds.
That pearlescent white scale intertwined with gold and blue seemed to have sucked away all the essence of numerous colors. It dazzled his heart in an instant, he couldn’t control his hand and wanted to…
[An Ying: Hahaha, Little Fish Tail, the ill-willed one wants to pinch your fish’s tail, quickly slap him in the face with your tail! Today’s update ends here, will continue updating at midnight tomorrow, pleading for monthly tickets x3, love you guys~~]
###Chapter 396: Chapter 396 Did you sleep well? My Mermaid?_1
Ye Junqing’s hot large hand was pressed against her beautiful fish tail. Even amidst the cold of the water, his hand was shockingly hot. He wasn’t sure if he hadn’t fully eliminated the side effects, as he found himself unsteady. Luckily, in her fishy form, he could only admire her from a distance in the water and couldn’t do anything more.
Ye Junqing felt some regret, but it was overshadowed by the affection he had for her.
After releasing her fish tail into the water, she didn’t sink. Instead, she floated on the surface. Even though she was fast asleep, her inborn aquatic instincts led her to move her tail, swishing it back and forth. He knew this intimate secret of hers by heart, watching her tail move around was like it was playing a melody in his heart, making it itch with longing.
Ye Junqing got out of the water and found a complete set of bathing products.
When he got back in the water, he took a special piece of soap and cleaned her entire body before helping her to bathe.
By the end of the wash, Ye Junqing wished he could scoop her up and take her to the tatami mat to….
Ye Xingguang was able to sleep both on a bed and in the water comfortably without fearing drowning. Sleep was even sweeter when floating in water with her tail released. After washing her, Ye Junqing simply let her sleep on the water’s surface.
The satisfied man got out of the water and laid down on the tatami mat, preparing to take a well-deserved nap.
He had locked up the pool, ensuring they wouldn’t be disturbed. Her most beautiful form was his alone to admire.noveldrama
When he woke up, it was already half past three in the afternoon. Ye Junqing stretched his limbs and strolled leisurely by the pool, appreciating the unique beauty swimming within its depths. Was that girl still sleeping so soundly?
Last night, he had been unable to restrain himself!
What if he had scared her? What would he do if she got psychological trauma and refused to take the medication?
The repentant man made a shallow reflection, reminding himself to maintain control next time.
Then, he picked up a book, put on some calming music, and laid on the tatami leisurely reading the book. He was waiting for the little fish tail to wake up.
Ye Xingguang floated on the surface of the water. She slept till it was dark. The starlight from the pool ceiling fell on her before she slowly woke up.
As she woke up, she instinctively reached out to grab her pillow, but her hands grabbed at nothing. When she opened her mouth for a yawn, water rushed in.
“Ptui! Ptui!” Ye Xingguang spat out water belatedly.
She wanted to stretch, and her enchanting fish tail sent countless ripples across the water surface.
The sound of the water startled her….
Ye Xingguang opened her eyes in fright, what had happened?
How did she end up in the pool with her fish tail exposed?
Ye Xingguang tried to recall what had happened before she passed out. Uh…Ye Xingguang covered her face with her hands, not wanting to revisit the past or think about it, her body trembling at the thought. That man was simply wicked!
Wait, did that wicked man carry her into the bathroom to bathe after she fainted and then discovered her secret?
“Oh no!” Ye Xingguang’s heart palpitated as she exclaimed in fear, “How could I be so careless and reckless?!”
“You awake?” At that moment, a deep and pleasant male voice came from the tatami mat by the pool. The man turned to his side without getting up. Propping his head on one hand, he looked at her in the water, “Did you sleep well, my mermaid?”
###Chapter 397: Discussing the Way to Raise Mermaids_1
As Ye Xingguang was about to submerge himself in the water, the pretty little tail of his fell on the water surface, causing countless splashes. The scene was hilarious. Ye Junqing, unable to hide his smile, laughed softly, “Why are you hiding? Come up, let’s do dinner together. I am starving.”
He had been waiting since he woke up at three in the afternoon until eight in the evening. This woman had slept for fifteen hours straight. Was she really that exhausted?
Ye Xingguang only catched on belatedly, realizing it was too late to hide now.
Feeling embarrassed she arose from the water. Her wet hair clung to her face, which she brushed away with her hand. Then, nervily, she stared at Ye Junqing, who was sitting upright on the Tatami. She kept her lips pursed, not knowing how to explain that she was a mermaid.
Ye Junqing leisurely walked to the cupboard nearby, fetched a towel and a bathrobe, and ambled over to the pool’s edge beckoning her to come. “Come here, and let me dry your hair.”
Ye Xingguang kept still, vigilantly looking at the major trouble maker.
Ye Junqing chuckled. Looking down at her, his eyes brimming with an unhidden tenderness, “Aren’t you hungry?”
How could she think about hunger now?
Her mind was in a mess!noveldrama
She didn’t know what to explain!
Now she regretted her irrational behavior last night as to the fullest!
He had been unwell not only once or twice, why did she act so impulsively!?
Now he is feeling refreshed, but what about her?
Wuwu…
It was all because her conscience forgot to feed the dog!
With a faint smile hanging on his lips, Ye Junqing stretched out his hand, “Hurry up, stretch out your hand. I’ll pull you up. What do you want to eat tonight?”
With a wariness in her heart, Ye Xingguang carefully swam to the edge, looking up at him with a furrowed brow “Don’t you… have anything to ask me?”
The entire country A knows that Xia Yanyan is the only mermaid. Now that another one has appeared in front of him, isn’t he curious?
Ye Junqing bent down, caught hold of her arm, pulled with a force. With his other hand wrapped around her waist, he directly pulled her out from the water. Her beautiful mermaid tail instantly turned into a pair of beautiful legs.
He placed her on the Tatami, wrapped her in the bathrobe, “Didn’t I ask what you wanted to eat tonight?”
“I’m not talking about that, I’m talking about…,”
“Your little fishtail?” Ye Junqing looked down at her.
Ye Xingguang tightened the bathrobe around her as she lay on the Tatami, her glance flicked to the book lying on it.
The title of the book was: “On the Cultivation of Mermaids”.
Ye Xingguang was completely flabbergasted, “Why are you reading this book?”
Could it be that he discovered she was a mermaid and planned to keep her as a pet in the future?
Ye Junqing glanced at it, “Just passing the time.”
“You are not allowed to read this book even if it’s to pass time!!!”
Ye Junqing smiled, “Okay, I won’t.”
Ye Xingguang felt arrogant, bewildered on how to deal with the current situation, she snorted, “What are you laughing at? Stop laughing?”
“Alright, I won’t laugh. Stay still, let me dry your hair, or else you’ll catch a cold.”
Ye Junqing covered her head with the dry towel skillfully drying her hair. Her tense heart was gradually calmed down by his massaging movements on her scalp. He seemed very professional, his massages were so good she couldn’t help but moan.
The soft and low voice stimulated his senses. Ye Junqing took a deep breath, “Haven’t you had enough?”
###Chapter 398: The State Has Assigned Him a Mermaid!_1
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang immediately recalled the scenes from last night, far too hot-under-the-collar to speak, wishing that she could send the damn man flying with a kick.
Feeling both angry and embarrassed, she said, “Shut up! Did you happen to apprentice at a hair salon? How did you develop your massage skills to be even better than those of the staff there?”
“I learned from a masseuse.”noveldrama
In the past, a certain mermaid was particularly fond of scalp massages, always frequenting a specific hair salon. Ironically, all the apprentices there, who had no other talents, were exceptionally adept at flirting with her, much to his fury!
Eventually, he forbade her from going to the hair salon for shampoos. Instead, he would wash her hair for her.
But she protested, claiming that he didn’t know how to massage her scalp properly, making it far from comfortable. Her nagging almost provoked him into bopping her one.
Despite his annoyance, he didn’t want her to be flirted with by the salon apprentices, so he had no choice but to learn scalp massage from a masseuse. Finally, this pleasure-seeking mermaid was satisfied!
Ye Xingguang was curious, “Why did you learn from a masseuse?”
“Someone heartless liked it.”
What the fuck!
Ye Xingguang nearly jumped out of her skin. She’d given her all last night, and this man was still hung up on his first love?
Ye Xingguang pushed him away, “I don’t need your massage. I’ll dry my hair by myself.”
Everything he’s done for others in the past, and now doing for her loses its meaning. It’s driving her mad!
First loves are indeed annoying!
“What’s the fuss about? Sit still.” he ordered, not allowing her to fidget.
In spite of her resentment, Ye Xingguang refused to cooperate. His dominant manner had her nestled in his arm, trapped in his hold, literally on his lap. He warned, “Move again, and I’ll throw you in the water.”
Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth, “You better stop mentioning your first love in front of me. You always have her on your mind even though you know she’s heartless. How pathetic is that?”
“Jealous much?” he asked, looking at her, a smile of satisfaction in his eyes.
She too kept Qin Junye in her thoughts, and now she should understand what annoyance he felt because of that.
“Nobody is jealous! Stop being narcissistic!” But in reality, she was already deeply sunk in the sea of jealousy, struggling to swim back to shore.
It wouldn’t have mattered if it was before, but she’d given so much of herself last night, and he was still reliving memories of his past. It infuriated her to the point that even giving his thigh a twist then a hard slap couldn’t soothe her anger.
He didn’t even flinch, finding the jealous little mermaid adorable.
So, he not only helped her dry her hair but also used a hairdryer on her. Having finished, he let her go and told her to dress up.
He had brought her favorite daily wear – a plain white shirt and jeans.
Ye Xingguang took the clothes and went into the changing room. After changing, she came out and he handed her the keys to the Mermaid Swimming Pool, “From now on, this is yours. You can come and swim whenever you want.”
Ye Xingguang took the keys, forced a smile, and asked, “Is there nothing you need to ask me?”
Why was this man so calm?
It was so disappointing!
The government had assigned him a mermaid, and he was not the least bit surprised or excited. It made her suddenly feel frustrated!
“Ask what?” He held her hand.
Her little hand was soft and tender, a pleasure to hold. Yet, what he liked to touch wasn’t her hand…
###Chapter 399: I’ve Known You’re a Mermaid_1
Ye Xingguang kicked him, saying, “You… you knew already! Do you think my tail isn’t as pretty as Xia Yanyan’s, that it didn’t surprise you at all, and you had no curiosity to ask about it?”
Seeing her animated little face, Ye Junqing lifted his other hand and tousled her silky dry hair. “Do you really have so little self-confidence? Do you really think you are less than Xia Yanyan?”
“Who lacks self-confidence? I’m ten thousand times more beautiful than her, multiplied by ten thousand!” Ye Xingguang said, her face full of pride.
Of course, it’s not that exaggerated, but if anyone dares to say that she is not prettier than Xia Yanyan, she will lose her temper!
She cared a lot about it!
When she was a child, it was because she was not as beautiful as Xia Yanyan that her life was filled with ups and downs!
Ye Junqing looked deeply at her, “Then why do you feel that my aesthetics are flawed?”
“Uh…”
Ye Junqing said, “She’s not even one in a billion as beautiful as you. Why do you think that I can’t see your beauty, that I would think your tail isn’t as beautiful as Xia Yanyan’s? Do you think I’m blind?”
“Uh…”
Stay calm, don’t let the corners of your mouth curve into a smile! A woman should never be too proud!
But…
I can’t help it!
Ye Xingguang’s lips blossomed into a brilliant peach blossom smile, sneering proudly, “Well, at least you have taste.”
Then, standing on tiptoe, she quickly brushed against his handsome face that was deeply enchanting, then stepped away from his hand and walked off, hm, she would forgive him for mentioning her first love for now!
The man she wanted could lack anything, but he could not lack sweet words, or she wouldn’t care about him!
The man she wanted must know how to praise her, must praise her every day, must praise her every moment!
But after a few steps in a ‘I could care less’ strides, Ye Xingguang suddenly stopped, turned around and pressed her lips together, “But why are you not surprised at all? Don’t you like the mermaid?”
Ye Junqing took long strides forward, reached her, embraced her waist and continued walking, as he said, “I’ve known for a long time. What’s there to be surprised about?”
Ye Xingguang was shocked, “You’ve known for a long time? How is that possible? Did your elder brother tell you?”
She only told Ye Shiting about it, but she hadn’t even jumped into the river yet, he might not believe her.
“How would my elder brother know about it?” This time, it was Ye Junqing’s turn to be astonished.
“Uh… if your elder brother didn’t tell you, then how did you know?”
Ye Junqing retorted, “Answer my question first. How would my elder brother know about this?”
“Oh, it’s nothing. That’s not the point. The point is that you knew I was a mermaid all along. How is that possible?”
Could it be that he discovered her one of those times when she secretly went swimming in the pool?noveldrama
It can’t be impossible. A thorn in Ye Junqing’s heart hadn’t been removed yet. His deep voice tried to help her sort out the chaotic memories, “Think, who named you?”
“Qin Junye.”
Ye Junqing: “!!!?!!”
With a heavy voice, Ye Junqing said, “Aside from his name, can’t you remember anything else? You can’t even remember who named you. You’re a mermaid not a goldfish. You don’t just have a seven second memory!”
After saying this, he took out a photo of himself from ten years ago from his pocket and forcefully handed it to her, “Take a good look at the handsome boy in the picture!”
He didn’t believe that, after looking at the photo, she still couldn’t remember whether her first sun was Ye Junqing or Qin Junye!
[An Ying: A new week has begun, the recommendation list has restarted from zero, please recommend, please recommend, please recommend. PS: There will be an update in the morning.]
###Chapter 400: Chapter 400 Xia Qiongqiong, listen to me carefully: _1
Ye Xingguang took the photo. The boy in the photo was wearing jeans and a short-sleeved white T-shirt. He looked neat, refreshing and handsome, a perfect “heartthrob”. Compared to his present “ugly” self, he was simply too naive and youthful!
Ye Xingguang exclaimed, “Is this you when you were younger?”
Seeing her excitement, Night Lord’s deep gaze turned gentle, “Of course, who else could it be, Qin Junye?”
“I didn’t expect you to be so handsome when you were young.”
Night Lord’s temper completely subsided and he huffed, “Now you know who gave you your name, right?”
“It was Qin Junye.”
As soon as her words fell, the man gave her a heavy, domineering look: “!!!”
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, her beautiful eyes filled with confusion as she faced his burning anger, and said, “What’s the matter? I didn’t like my old name, and Qin Junye suggested that maybe we could give me a new one. That night, when we were escaping in the sea, we looked up and saw a shower of starlight. Then Qin Junye said that I might as well be called Ye Xingguang.”
Night Lord took a deep breath, reminding himself to be magnanimous as a man, and not to bicker with a petite mermaid with a memory disorder. Reminding himself that she gave herself to him last night, so he must dote on her repeatedly, but no matter what, he couldn’t suppress the anger in his heart. Words seemed to burst from his throat, “Xia Qiongqiong, you idiot!”
After saying that, he left in his fury!
If he didn’t leave, he wouldn’t know if he would get so angry that he would hurt her!
Ye Xingguang was stunned on the spot. What did he just call her?
A few seconds later, she quickly chased after him, “Listen, although I’m a mermaid, I’m definitely not Xia Qiongqiong. You shouldn’t call me that.”
She wanted to hold onto Night Lord’s arm, but he lifted his hand and prevented her from doing so. He looked down at her and angrily said-
“Xia Qiongqiong, listen good, ten years ago, at the Crescent Strait, a boy was injured and the smell of his blood attracted a group of sharks. He was on the verge of becoming shark food when a little mermaid bravely swam into the shark group and positioned herself before the boy…”
“That little mermaid was only twelve years old, yet she was more fearless in the face of danger than the sixteen-year-old boy. She attempted to use her song to scare the sharks away. When the sharks didn’t listen, she played her tiny fists and punched a shark. She seemed weak, but her punches were not a joke, she was even better than the boy at fighting, and had a shark run away in fear. Afterwards, the other sharks also ran. While she was beating up the shark, her tail was scratched by a shark tooth about three inches from the left of her backbone, leaving a scar.”noveldrama
“The boy, having had a narrow escape from death, asked the little mermaid her name. The little mermaid coolly replied: Don’t fall in love with me, it’s not gonna work!”
“As she was about to leave, the boy chased after her and asked: Are you Xia Qiongqiong?”
“The little mermaid roared: ‘I am not Xia Qiongqiong, get lost, and if you don’t leave quick enough I’ll cut you down!’
“Then the little mermaid swam away. The boy didn’t leave; he followed her. Later, when the little mermaid ran into trouble, he grabbed her hand and escaped with her. During their escape, she still wouldn’t tell him her name, so the boy looked up at the night sky and said: ‘Since you don’t want to tell me your name, I will give you one. You are more beautiful than the night stars, so why don’t I call you Ye Xingguang?”
###Chapter 401: You Disguised Yourself to Look Like Qin Junye? _1
“Upon hearing this, the Little Mermaid suddenly burst into tears, crying and yelling at the same time: ‘Damn fate! Stop using Ye Xingguang’s name for me, just leave, leave right now!'”
“The boy didn’t know why the Little Mermaid was so emotional. He said: ‘Don’t cry. If you don’t like Ye Xingguang, I’ll continue calling you Xia Qiongqiong.'”
“The Little Mermaid shoved the boy away, crying and shouting: ‘I do like it, yes, I am Xia Qiongqiong, but I prefer the name you gave me. From now on, I’ll be called Ye Xingguang, now leave, just go!'”
At this point, Ye Junqing stopped speaking, his eyes fixed intently on the muddle-headed Ye Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang was stunned. This should be the eighth time she regretfully returned to the past after meeting the boy again. Everything that happened between them, even the conversations, were exactly the same. Only she and the boy should know about this, so how did the Big Tumor know?
Oh wait, her parents knew too. Every time she returned to the past and couldn’t change the outcome, she regretfully cried in her parents’ arms, telling them what had happened and asking them for advice on how to save the boy from death. If failure is the mother of success, then every failure should be analyzed to avoid a repeat. Did her parents tell the Big Tumor?
Ye Xingguang looked up: “How did you know about my conversation with Qin Junye? Did my dad tell you while you were chatting and taking care of him at the hospital? Why would he tell you that?”
Ye Junqing suddenly clenched his fist, his knuckles cracking from the pressure, the words slipping through his gritted teeth: “That boy was me!”
Ye Xingguang looked stunned, and was silent for a long time.noveldrama
After a long moment of consideration, she shook her head.
“No, the boy was clearly Qin Junye.”
But if it wasn’t the Big Tumor, how could he know so clearly?
Ye Xingguang became confused, unable to make sense of everything.
Who could tell her what was happening?
Ye Junqing glared at her with a vicious stare, completely clear but she actually messed up all the things that happened between him and her, remembering it as being said by Qin Junye, his eyes full of murderous intent: “Say it’s not me one more time, and I’ll kill you!”
Ye Xingguang retracted her neck frightfully and thought long and hard before her imagination took off: “Could it be…you disguised yourself, disguised yourself as Qin Junye?”
Otherwise, how to explain what clearly happened between her and Qin Junye, Big Tumor insisted that it was him?
Ye Junqing was so angry that he didn’t even have his usual noble demeanor, and he threw out a few words: “You’re talking nonsense!”
“Not disguised? Then it really wasn’t you, don’t try to impersonate Qin Junye out of jealousy. I’m not stupid, and I don’t like such a low-class act. This is a serious matter for me, I don’t want you to joke around with it.”
Unable to contain her anger, Ye Xingguang finished speaking and left.
Ye Junqing, who had his identity stolen and was misunderstood as being low-class by the fishtail girl, had his face turned completely black!
He had planned to have a candlelight dinner, but now he didn’t even want to eat dinner with her. He left the swimming pool and drove directly to Ye Shiting’s place. As soon as he arrived at Ye Shiting’s villa and got out of the car, he violently slammed the car door shut.
With a loud “bang”, everyone in the house jumped and looked outside.
Fu Zhuo jumped up from the sofa and went out to meet Ye Junqing. Seeing Ye Junqing’s face showing signs of a storm approaching, he immediately asked: “What’s wrong, Junqing? Who dares to provoke you?”
###Chapter 402: Don’t worry, I’m on my way now_1
“Get lost!” For some reason, he found Fu Zhuo irritating lately!
Ye Junqing strode into the living room of the villa.
The living room was equipped with a large LCD screen, showing real-time updates of today’s voting situation. From time to time, people in the room glanced at the screen.
With less than three hours left before the voting deadline, Ye Shiting was in a commanding lead!
Glimpsing at the votes, Ye Junqing felt slightly better.
He walked to the large refrigerator in the living room, pulled out a can of beer, opened the tab, guzzled down the beer, and then hurled the empty can into the trash can.
He collapsed dramatically onto the sofa. His towering figure exuded an icy aura that warned, ‘Strangers not welcome, acquaintances don’t ask’. Anyone looking at him felt like they were facing an iceberg ready to erupt.
On the other hand, Ye Xingguang was also quite upset.
After eating dinner at home, she had just returned to the hospital in her car when the phone in her pocket rang.
She answered, “Hello.”
“Miss Ye.” It was Chang Danran’s voice.noveldrama
“Dr. Chang? What can I do for you?”
Chang Danran must have had something urgent: “Miss Ye, can you please arrange a meeting with Xia Ye Zhao? Only you can convince him now. I beg you, make him return my son to me.”
Ye Xingguang sat up abruptly, “Dr. Chang, calm down and tell me, has Xia Ye taken your son away?”
Chang Danran had been frantic for several days. She would not have made this call to Ye Xingguang if it weren’t for her desperation: “My son Xiaoman is ill. He told me that he was feeling dejected and unwell, but I can’t see him, and I can’t get inside the Xia’s house. I think only if you reach out to Xia Ye Zhao will he bring Xiaoman out for me to see.”
“Dr. Chang, don’t worry, let me make a call and ask…” Before Ye Xingguang could finish her sentence, she saw through the car window that a car was pulling up, and a man was hurriedly carrying a child into the hospital. Accompanying them was Wang Zimei.
Ye Xingguang deliberated for a moment, then quickly said, “Dr. Chang, are you currently in the capital?”
“Yes.”
“Then can you come to the T University Affiliated Hospital in the capital? I just saw Xia Ye Zhao taking a child into the hospital. I don’t know if it’s your son. Do you know where the T University Affiliated Hospital is located?”
Chang Danran felt as if she heard the voice of salvation, “I know, I’ll get there right away. Miss Ye, could you tell Xia Ye Zhao to buy a bag of blood for Xiaoman at the hospital? Xiaoman has the same disease as your father, and drinking blood is the only thing that can alleviate his symptoms.”
What? Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat. How could so many people in this world have the same disease?
Her father had it, the malignant tumor had it, and even her dear nephew had it?
Ye Xingguang suppressed her frustration and said, “Okay, don’t worry. I’ll head there right now.”
After hanging up the phone, she headed towards the direction Xia Ye Zhao had headed into the hospital building. In the emergency room, she found Xia Ye Zhao registering at the counter, with Wang Zimei holding the suffering Xiaoman, allowing a nurse to draw blood for tests.
The emergency room was crowded, and being there brought Xiaoman no relief, but only seemed to deepen his discomfort.
With that thought, Ye Xingguang briskly walked over, snatched Xiaoman away from Wang Zimei without a word, and hurried outside.
###Chapter 403: Chapter 403 Xia Ye Zhao calls Ye Jun Qing_1
As soon as she carried the child out of the emergency room, she bumped into Xia Ye Zhao who had just returned from registration. Wang Zimei was screaming “Kidnapper!” in the emergency room, but Ye Xingguang turned a deaf ear and bypassed Xia Ye Zhao towards the less crowded area outside the building.
Ye Xingguang was not familiar with this hospital. The only place she knew well was the villa arranged by Ye Junqing for her father. While walking quickly towards the villa, she bent down and said to the child biting his teeth tightly, “Xiaoman, don’t be afraid, your mom asked me to come pick you. Your mother’s name is Chang Danran, a doctor at T City Hospital, right?”
The child biting his teeth tightly, Xiaoman, nodded frantically. He missed his mother so much.
“Your mother said your illness can only be relieved by drinking blood, right? I will take you for treatment.”
Upon hearing this, Xiaoman let down his guard completely. The stubborn child struggled to say, “I won’t take medicine!”
Wang Zimei came out chasing after them, shouting at Xia Ye Zhao, “Go after them, hurry up and get my grandson back! What are you standing there for!”
“Mom, you stay here.”
Xia Ye Zhao handed the registration form to Wang Zimei and then went after them.
There was no way Wang Zimei would stand still. She followed him, but when they reached the villa area, they were stopped by the bodyguards on duty. The bodyguards said, “Miss Ye said, Mr. Xia can enter, but Miss Wang, please stay back.”
Wang Zimei shouted angrily, “That wild girl took my grandson, and won’t let me in. It’s lawless! I will call the police now! Ye Shiting is not the president yet, and the Ye’s Family already thinks they own the heavens and earth. You wait!”noveldrama
Having said that, Wang Zimei was about to take out her phone.
Xia Ye Zhao grabbed his mother’s phone and said, “Mom, calm down first. Xing… Xingguang won’t hurt Xiaoman. I’ll go first, and you wait here for me.”
In the villa area, the road was completely deserted. Xia Ye Zhao soon caught up with her.
“Xingguang, stop messing around. Give Xiaoman back to me. Let me take him to see the doctor.”
“Xia Brother, Xiaoman’s illness can’t be cured by a doctor. He has developed a strange disease that makes him want to drink blood. I can only relieve it by drinking blood. You, go and buy a bag of blood and I’ll wait for you in the villa ahead.”
Xia Ye Zhao’s voice was drowned in shock, “What did you just say? Xiaoman has the same disease as Ye Junqing?”
Because Ye Junqing was a close friend, Xia Ye Zhao naturally knew what kind of disease it was that made one want to drink blood.
“So you know about Ye Junqing’s disease? Yes, it’s the same. Go buy the blood.”
Xia Ye Zhao looked at Xiaoman with deep pain in his eyes. He stared for quite a while before turning and leaving.
After walking just a few steps, Xia Ye Zhao called Ye Junqing. As soon as the call was answered, Xia Ye Zhao’s anxious voice broke out, “What’s going on with Xiaoman’s illness?”
At that moment, Ye Junqing was not in a good mood. Hearing Xia Ye Zhao’s voice, his tone was not pleasant either, “Have you finally found your son?”
“I remember you once told me that you turned a dying baby into the same situation as you. And you said ‘I’m sorry’ to me inexplicably. At that time, I asked why you were sorry, but you didn’t say. You just said that I would know one day. Was that dying baby you had to save Xiaoman?”
When he heard Xingguang say that Xiaoman had the same disease as Ye Junqing, the first thing that popped into Xia Ye Zhao’s head was that inexplicable apology from Ye Junqing!
So… Xiaoman was once on the brink of death and nearly didn’t make it?
[An Jing: The update ends here for today, will continue after midnight tomorrow. Please vote for recommendation, monthly ticket, and red beans, thank you XOXO]
###Chapter 404: Find out about Qin Junye for me!_1
Surprisingly, Ye Jun Qing didn’t deny: “Since you already know, just hang up. Don’t disturb me. I get annoyed every time I see someone from the Xia family!”
The one who annoyed him the most was Xia Qiongqiong!
Ye Jun Qing held a mermaid key ring in his hand and no matter how much he squeezed it, he felt frustrated. He wished he could crack open the little fish tail’s head and untangle her confused memories one by one.
Fu Zhuo brought over a cup of chrysanthemum tea to cool him down: “Brother Qing, have some tea to calm your nerves.”
If tea could indeed douse his rage, he wouldn’t be this irritable. Ye Jun Qing pondered for a while and gave an order: “Find out everything about a boy named Qin Junye, who died ten years ago. Leave no stone unturned, go!”noveldrama
He had to find out how that damned Qin Junye got entangled with Xia Qiongqiong!
Fu Zhuo nodded. So, Brother Qing was still envious of the life-saving benefactor of Miss Ye?
On the other hand, Xia Ye Zhao bought a bag of blood from the hospital and rushed to the villa where Ye Xingguang’s father was staying. Xiaoman was arranged to stay in the living room. He seemed determined to pull through this on his own.
Having survived once, Xiaoman thought he could endure it a second time.
The small body curled up on the sofa. His tiny lips were pale and no matter how you looked, it was heart-wrenching.
Ye Xingguang stood at the entrance of the living room and saw Xia Ye Zhao bringing the bag of blood. She stepped aside to let him in, then handed him the straw from a milk carton and said, “Don’t spill it. Let Xiaoman drink directly.”
Xia Ye Zhao nodded, took the straw, poked it into the blood bag, and walked to the sofa. He sat down, took Xiaoman into his arms and tried to get him to drink. But Xiaoman clenched his jaw and ignored him.
Ye Xingguang also tried to persuade him: “Xiaoman, be good, you’ll feel better after taking the medicine.”
“Won’t take it!” Xiaoman stubbornly turned his head away.
Ye Xingguang squatted next to him: “Why won’t you take it? Incoming children must take their medicine.”
The little one was simply stubborn, turning a deaf ear to her words.
Xia Ye Zhao’s tone became stern: “Open your mouth and take your medicine!”
“I won’t! I won’t take it! If I take the medicine, Xu Jingya won’t like me anymore, I don’t want to take it.” He seemed so uncomfortable that his face twisted in pain, and cold sweat rolled off his forehead. It was gut-wrenching to look at.
Ye Xingguang asked: “Who is Xu Jingya?”
“A girl in our class.”
Is it because of love?
Ye Xingguang put her hand on her forehead: “If Xu Jingya doesn’t like you, just find someone else who does. You don’t have to compromise yourself for a girl. You just haven’t met the right person yet.”
Xia Ye Zhao looked down at his little sister. Was that how you were supposed to advise a child?
However, Xiaoman seemed to ponder on her words and regretfully said, “The other kids don’t like me either. No one likes me.”
“That only means they’re not the right ones. A boy meets the right person only once in his life. It’s not your fault if you haven’t met her yet. But if you refuse to take medicine and fall ill, you’ll never meet the right person. Right, daddy?”
“He’s not my daddy, big bad guy!” Xiaoman snorted, but his teary eyes seemed to inquire if it was true.
Xia Ye Zhao: “…”
He didn’t want to say yes, but he wanted his son to take the medicine.
In Xiaoman’s view, his silence was an acceptance. Xiaoman couldn’t help but imagine a cute little boy, who wouldn’t dislike him.
At this point, a small, delicate boy wobbled out of Song Chuanqi’s ward and stood in front of the sofa. Blinking, it seemed he realized the other kids were sick and not taking their medicine. He opened his mouth to say: “Brother- take your medicine.”
###Chapter 405: Chapter 405 Love comes too fast, like a tornado!_1
Ye Xingguang looked down and realized that the delicate little girl was none other than Xiao Zhenxi, the President’s daughter whom he had once encountered at a state banquet in the presidential mansion.
What was Xiao Zhenxi doing here?
A shivering Xiao Man, filled with surprise, tilted his head and stared at the beautiful princess in front of him. “You don’t mind me taking medicine, do you?”
Xiao Zhenxi held a cute Mickey Mouse toy in her hand and offered it high, “Brother, this is for you when you take your medicine.”
Xiao Zhenxi also gets sick and doesn’t like taking medicine. But her mom told her that taking medicine would make the pain go away.
“Don’t you think I’m scary?” Xiao Man’s voice was like music to his ears.
Xiao Zhenxi shook her head innocently, “Taking your medicine means you are a good boy.”
Having said that, she gave the Mickey Mouse doll in her hand to Xiao Man, reached out her little hand and patted his arm, “If you don’t take your medicine, I won’t play with you.”
Tears welled up in Xiao Man’s eyes, instantly spilling down his cheeks.
He immediately hugged a bag of blood and began drinking from its tube.
Ye Xingguang stood by, astounded. He and his brother had coaxed Xiao Man for ages without success. But this little sweetie managed to persuade him with just a few words. Men, no matter whether they are thirty or three, all behave the same way!
By the time a frantic Chang Danran arrived, Xiao Man’s symptoms had subsided. He was using all of his social skills to play with Xiao Zhenxi.
Upon seeing Xiao Man after several days, Chang Danran’s eyes welled up with tears.
She quickly walked over, lifted Xiao Man into her arms and hugged him tightly and showered him with kisses.
Ye Xingguang said, “Dr. Chang, don’t worry. Xiao Man has already taken his medicine and is fine now.”
She looked at Dr. Chang, who was unwilling to release her son from her embrace, then at a grim-faced Xia Ye Zhao sitting nearby. She held Xiao Zhenxi’s hand and said, “You guys chat. I’m going in to entertain the guests.”
The guests were the President and the First Lady.
She hadn’t expected them to come visit her father.noveldrama
The couple didn’t plan to stay long. After a short visit, they left with Xiao Zhenxi.
Xiao Man was reluctant to see Xiao Zhenxi leave. He, forgetting their “long-awaited reunion”, ran after her and grabbed her hand, saying, “Can we play together again?”
Xiao Zhenxi opened her mouth wide in a cute manner, “I go to Angel Kindergarten. Where do you go, brother?”
“I… I’ll go to Angel Kindergarten too.”
Ye Xingguang standing on the side, couldn’t help shaking her head. Could this little guy actually be smitten with the President’s daughter, Xiao Zhenxi?
Oh, this darn love, it comes as fast as a tornado!
Xiao Zhenxi blinked her doll-like big eyes, “Brother, I’ll wait for you.”
When she returned to the living room with Xiao Man’s hand after seeing off the President’s family, Xia Ye Zhao was just coming out of the living room. He lifted Xiao Man onto his arm. Chang Danran chased after them, “Xia Ye Zhao, give me back my son!”
Ignoring her, Xia Ye Zhao holding Xiao Man turned to Ye Xingguang, “I need to go. I’ll come back another day.”
“Hey, Brother Xia, let’s talk this out. It’s not fair to keep Dr. Chang from seeing her own son. Xiao Man is the child she painstakingly raised. You only contributed a tiny sperm. Your behavior is really awful.”
Xia Ye Zhao narrowed his eyes, “I know what I’m doing.”
After saying this, he looked back at Chang Danran who had caught up, “If you want to see Xiao Man, move in with me, or else we’ll see each other in court!”
###Chapter 406: Then, I’ll Move Out!_1
Holy crap, upon hearing his brother’s words, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but want to curse. He had thought his sister was gentle, but it turned out her gentleness was selective – if she were Doctor Chang, she would definitely want to kick her big brother away. How could he be so overbearing?
Dr. Chang was a married woman, and her husband was none other than Dr. Bo Jingyu whom she was financially supporting!
Chang Danran, however, had no choice. She had finally seen her son. If she didn’t follow him now, she wouldn’t even be able to find his shadow, not to mention the chance of getting her son back.
Besides, Chang Danran couldn’t fool her own heart.
Before she came to the capital, Bo Jingyu had told her, “If you want to divorce, come find me.”noveldrama
She said she didn’t want to divorce.
Bo Jingyu seemed to laugh at her insincerity. After five years, she still hadn’t moved on. Once she saw Xia Ye Zhao, her heart was thrown into turmoil. She felt her life was over.
Chang Danran felt she was pathetic, her heart in turmoil as she watched Xia Ye Zhao striding ahead. Under the moonlight, his silhouette was just like how she remembered it, captivating.
Yet, they had long broken up and there was absolutely no future between them. She had never fantasized about providing him with a son, giving them a second chance. Now, she was following him. Moving to his place, what was happening?
Finally, they arrived at where Xia Ye Zhao’s car was parked at the hospital. Seeing her son had taken her grandson back, Wang Zimei gave a sigh of relief. But when she saw Chang Danran trailing behind her son, her face instantly hardened.
“Why is she here again? I tell you, she swindled so much money from our family and left you. I absolutely won’t give her our grandchild. Your father and I are firm on this, there’s no room for discussion!”
Even though his mother was speaking the truth, Xia Ye Zhao disliked her words. He instructed his driver, “Take my mom home.”
Then he walked away, heading outside the hospital.
Wang Zimei shouted at his retreating figure: “Ye Zhao, where are you going? Don’t let that vixen bewitch you again. I tell you, I will never allow her to step into our house, especially now that she’s a married woman!”
Without turning his head, Xia Ye Zhao gripped Chang Danran’s hand and said, “Then I’ll move out!”
Xia Ye Zhao led Chang Danran to the entrance of the hospital, hailing a cab.
Once the taxi stopped, he lowered his head and looked at Chang Danran, whose hair was a bit messy, “Get in.”
“Where are you taking us?”
“You’ll know once you get in.”
Grudgingly, Chang Danran got into the car. She listened as he gave the driver an address, “Driver, we’re heading to Yu Jia Garden.”
Hearing these four words, Chang Danran’s heart trembled. Yu Jia Garden, those four words felt so familiar.
She loved high-rise apartments. Yu Jia Garden was a very upscale skyscraper in the city. He had bought her an apartment on the 21st floor there, complete with a twelve-meter-long balcony and a bedroom with an entire wall made of floor-to-ceiling windows. The layout was her favorite.
He had said, if she liked living in a high-rise, then this apartment would be their marital home.
Back then, she was attending the best medical school in the capital. The life of a medical student was incredibly busy, but considering it was going to be their future marital home, she made time to supervise the renovation of the apartment.
Xia Ye Zhao had suggested hiring a company to take care of the entire renovation since it would be easier, but she wanted to be involved in the decoration of their marital home. So, she chose the half-package option, personally visiting furniture markets to buy materials. Even though she was exhausted, she found joy in it.
###Chapter 407: Does This Man Come Here Often?_1
The taxi stopped at the apartment building of Yu Jia Garden, Xia Ye Zhao got out first, but Chang Danran stayed in the car for a long time.
Xia Ye Zhao did not urge her, he waited outside the car holding their son until the driver impatiently said: “Miss, are you getting out? Having a fight with your husband? Take it from me, fights end at the foot of the bed, hurry home.”
Chang Danran was filled with conflicting emotions: “He’s not my husband.”
“Your son is so big now, I have other businesses to attend to.”
Out of options, Chang Danran had to get out of the car.noveldrama
After she stepped out, she looked up at the tall apartment building and instantly felt a pang of sorrow. The matrimonial home she had put so much effort into decorating, but as soon as the home was ready, they broke up. She still remembered how she had made the home specially warm and beautiful the day before they broke up.
Five years had passed, and she thought she would never step foot in this house for the rest of her life, even though the property certificate bore her name.
It seemed that Xia Ye Zhao was also thinking about the past, neither of them spoke, they simply walked into the apartment building and waited for the elevator.
The wait for the elevator was a bit long. Their son looked around curiously while protectively standing by his mother: “Jerk, where is this?”
“Ask your mom.” Xia Ye Zhao curtly responded.
The child blurted out: “Mommy, the jerk kidnapped me, does he want to kidnap you too? We can report him for child and woman trafficking!”
Xia Ye Zhao was angered by his son’s words, he fixed a tense gaze on Chang Danran’s white neck: “You and your mom were always mine, there’s no need for trafficking. But you, you call others dad, but me, jerk. This goes against the norms of father and son.”
The kid snorted: “Then why did you only show up now?”
Xia Ye Zhao was stunned by his son’s question, his expression darkened considerably.
Just then, the elevator door opened. Without a word, he grabbed Chang Danran’s hand and walked in.
“Press for the floor.” He didn’t have a free hand.
Chang Danran pressed the number ’21,’ Xia Ye Zhao’s face softened a bit: “So you remember which floor it is, I thought you had forgotten everything about me.”
Chang Danran didn’t say anything, staying so close to him, made her heartbeat uncontrollably. It reminded her of his appearance at T city a week ago, questioning her about their son, his deep eyes full of bloodshot veins.
With a ding, the elevator door opened.
She slowly followed him out of the elevator, standing in front of the apartment door, Xia Ye Zhao said, “Open the door.”
It was a door with a passcode, Chang Danran asked, “What’s the code?”
“It hasn’t changed.”
Chang Danran’s fingers trembled as she entered the code the same as the date they first met. The door immediately opened.
Xia Ye Zhao pushed the door open. There were only two pairs of slippers on the shoe rack, one men’s and one women’s. The styles were somewhat outdated, but Chang Danran’s heart was far from placid, these slippers were bought from the supermarket five years ago, they cost $19.9 a pair.
Even the layout in the living room was the same as it was five years ago when they broke up. All her cute little decorations were still there after five years, but the floor and tables weren’t dusty at all, and there wasn’t any musty odor. It was clear someone frequently cleaned the place. Could he have been coming here often?
There were no slippers for their son, so Xia Ye Zhao simply let him walk around the living room wearing his shoes. The boy lifted his head and saw the wedding photo of his mother and father hanging on the living room wall. He immediately pointed at it and frowned, “Mommy, you and the big jerk!”
###Chapter 408: Chapter 408 From today, you and Xiaoman will live here!_1
Chang Danran also noticed it, staring at the wedding photo on the living room wall, trance-like. Her already disordered heart was further riled up by the sight of this apartment, identical to when she left five years ago. Her heart ached and felt sick with pain; had she not entered here a second time, she would have almost forgotten how desperately she had once tried to walk into the halls of matrimony with him, dreaming of growing old together.
Xia Ye Zhao also glanced at the wedding photo on the wall. His gaze abruptly turned cold. If she hadn’t insisted on breaking up, they’d be a warm family of three by now. How could he have allowed another man’s name to appear on her marriage certificate?
“From now on, you and Xiaoman will live here!” Xia Ye Zhao’s restrained gaze stayed fixed on her. “I will arrange a new school for Xiaoman and a new hospital for you. As for you, expedite your divorce with Bo Jingyu!”
“On what grounds can you demand that I divorce, and that Xiaoman and I live here? Xia Ye Zhao, we broke up five years ago! There’s no way I’ll give Xiaoman to you. Can you stop being so obstinate?!”
“No!” Xia Ye Zhao dropped those two words, then pushed open the door to the large balcony.
He stood by the railing, alone, pulled out a cigarette, and silently smoked on the balcony.
Chang Danran stood inside the room, staring at his silhouette through the window. She watched for quite some time, her heart filled with a bitter blend of ache and sorrow. With Xiaoman in tow, she went to take a bath. The bathroom still had her towel and skincare products.
Five years had passed. The skincare products had long expired. Fortunately, there was men’s shampoo and shower gel in the bathroom, seemingly recently purchased. Was it because he came to stay here often?
Chang Danran filled the bathtub with water, then brought over a small stool. She sat beside the tub, washing Xiaoman.
Splashing about in the tub, Xiaoman asked her, “Mommy, is the bad man really my daddy?”
“…Yes.” To deny it now would be pointless.
Xiaoman was the spitting image of Xia Ye Zhao as a child. They didn’t even need a paternity test. The moment Xia Ye Zhao laid eyes on Xiaoman, he had asserted that Xiaoman was his son. How could she deny it?
“Then why doesn’t the bad man want me and Mommy?” Xiaoman was furious.
Chang Danran, not wanting to plant any nasty ideas in her son’s mind, struggled to explain, “It was me who didn’t want him, not the other way around.”
“Does Mommy dislike him?” Xiaoman put his hands on his hips, “I dislike him too. He isn’t gentle like Daddy Bo!”
“No… Mommy and him didn’t split because we disliked each other.”
Xiaoman didn’t understand, “Daddy Bo said, does Mommy want to be with the bad man again?”
Chang Danran remained silent, patting his head, “Why does a child have so many questions? Bathe quietly, no more talking.”
Xiaoman, clearly not wanting to shut up, lay in the bathtub and couldn’t help but fantasize about the bad man coming in and taking a bath with him.
A buddy from kindergarten once said that he always bathed with his mom and dad. His dad lounged in the bathtub while he sat on his dad’s belly and played with the water. His mom sat next to them and washed him. Xiaoman was both envious and jealous every time he heard this.
Although Xiaoman disliked the bad man, he couldn’t help but picture the bad man also lying in the bathtub, himself sitting on top of the bad man, and Mommy sitting on a stool outside the bathtub, lathering him up…noveldrama
At this moment, the bathroom door was suddenly pushed open. Xia Ye Zhao walked in and began to undress. Chang Danran’s heart clenched, “What are you doing? If you want to take a bath, wait until after I am done washing Xiaoman.”
But Xia Ye Zhao remained silent and impassive. After removing his clothes, he stepped right into the bathtub, placing Xiaoman on top of him. With a nonchalant comment, he said, “I’ve never bathed with my son before. Why are you so worried about a little father-son bonding time?”
[Wow, Xiaoman’s superpower has been mentioned twice. Can you guess what it is yet?]
###Chapter 409: Fantasy Becomes Reality_1
Chang Danran quickly stood up, “Then you bathe Xiaoman, don’t let him play with water too much, or he’ll freeze.”
But before she could turn around, her wrist was grabbed, Xia Ye Zhao wouldn’t let her go, and he said, “You bathe him, I can’t.”
“What are you doing here if you can’t? If you want a son, you should learn to take care of him.”
She held on to her remaining sanity, keeping her eyes off him and focusing solely on Xiaoman’s naked body. But even without looking at him, the palpable tension in the air made her cautious, fearing that she would lose control if she stayed any longer.
Leaving those words, she tried to shake off the man’s hand, but her attempt was in vain. With a hard pull from Xia Ye Zhao, in the next instance, she went down uncontrollably. Had she not been quick to prop herself against his chest, she would have fallen into his arms. She couldn’t help but curse, “Xia Ye Zhao, have you had enough?”
“Not enough!”
He had missed out on five years of family bliss, never experiencing Xiaoman’s normal childhood. Xiaoman was already this big, and Xia Ye Zhao felt helpless, resentful, and hateful. He snapped, “You bathe him, or deal with him being cold, I don’t care.”
“You!”
“Mommy, can’t you stay?”
To their surprise, Xiaoman also extended his little hand, grabbing Chang Danran’s arm, his eyes filled with expectation.
At this moment, Xiaoman was too happy. It seemed that things he dreamed of always became reality.
In a pitiful tone, Xiaoman pleaded, “I don’t want to be alone with the bad guy, I’ll freeze, I don’t want to take medicine anymore.”
Chang Danran sympathized with her son, glaring at Xia Ye Zhao, “Leave, I’ll bathe him first, and after I’m finished, you can go in.”
Xia Ye Zhao ignored her, and after releasing her arm, he took the remote control out of the small drawer next to the bathtub, turned on the television embedded in the bathroom wall, and while soaking in the bath, he flipped through the channels, finding something he was interested in.
Today was the presidential election, every television station was showing various presidential candidates’ speeches, and in less than an hour, the voting would end. Judging by the current vote count, there was no need to wait another hour, the winner was clear to all.
Ye Shiting was unstoppable, no one could compete with him, even Lawson Perry, who was once in a tight race with Ye Shiting, was affected by the gas station explosion and was thrown off by Ye Shiting.
Chang Danran glared at Xia Ye Zhao for a while, seeing that he was unmoved, she felt helpless and frustrated. Unable to resist her son’s plea, she had no choice but to continue bathing him. Fortunately, there was sound from the television, otherwise, she wouldn’t know what to do.
Ye Xingguang was also watching TV, curious about the election results?
She congratulated her sister-in-law in advance on WeChat, and was pulled into the Ye’s Family group chat. As soon as she entered the group, she saw people giving out red envelopes.
She couldn’t control her fingers and clicked on the red envelope. She didn’t expect to be the luckiest and received 0.1 yuan, while everyone else got just a few cents.
Tang Zhou: [Oh, I only got eight cents!]noveldrama
Ji Qishu: [Hey! Little Starlight is the lucky one! The luckiest one must accept the punishment, come on, the one who gave out the red envelopes, announce the punishment.]
What? You have to accept punishment for grabbing a dime?
Ye Xingguang regretted clicking on the red envelope just now.
Ye Xingguang: [How about I give out red envelopes?]
Tang Zhou: [No, that doesn’t obey the rules of our group, the luckiest one must answer three truthful questions!]
###Chapter 410: Do You Have His Picture? _1
Ji Qishu: [The person who grabbed the least gets to ask a question. I grabbed 0.01, so I’ll ask. Little Starlight, who did you give your first kiss to?]
Ye Xingguang: !!!
Can such a boring question be asked in the group chat? She saw that Ye Dodulei was also in the group chat!
Ye Xingguang: [Is this a punishment from Truth or Dare? I choose Dare.]
Tang Zhou: [There’s no Dare, only Truth. Answer quickly.]
Ye Xingguang, helplessly: [A young boy.]
Tang Zhou: [What the hell, it wasn’t for my brother Qing? Which boy? Brothers, go chop him up!]
Ye Xingguang: So why did you ask? This just stirs up conflict!!!
Ye Xingguang: [Does this count as the second question?]
Ji Qishu: [No, it’s still the same question.]
Ye Xingguang: [Then I refuse to answer that, I’ve already answered it. Next question.]
Tang Zhou: [This is the second question, answer it quickly. Who is that boy? Is he better looking than my brother Qing? Is he richer than my brother Qing? Is his family background better than my brother Qing’s? What does he do? Were you the initiator, or did he initiate?]
Ye Xingguang, with a headache: [How can the second question contain so many questions?]noveldrama
Tang Zhou: [This is the second question, it’s called background introduction!!! Don’t worry, brother Qing is not peeking. He didn’t even pick up his phone, and he doesn’t have a habit of checking chat records. I’ll spam the group so he won’t see it, just speak your mind, we’ll keep it a secret for you.]
Ye Xingguang didn’t know whether or not to trust Tang Zhou’s words, but among the people who grabbed the red packet this time, Dodulei indeed wasn’t there.
Ye Xingguang: [His name is Qin Junye. He doesn’t have an illustrious family background. His family for three generations have all been farmers, he’s worked in a clothing factory, a car repair shop, and an electrical factory. He’s even been a delivery guy. I initiated it.]
Just as Ye Xingguang sent the message into the group, the brothers who were sitting or standing in Ye Shiting’s office villa, all looked at Ye Junqing, who was sitting on the couch, staring solemnly into his phone. Their expressions were all amusing and filled with sympathy.
He was willing to go to jail for Ye Xingguang, but he didn’t even turn out to be Ye Xingguang’s first love. Even her first kiss was taken by a Qin Junye who was inferior to him in every aspect. This was utter misery.
The one who felt the most sympathy for Ye Junqing was Fu Zhuo. Poor Mr. Qing was really unfortunate. This Qin Junye was stepping all over his pride. No wonder Mr. Qing had a frosty face all the time since he drove over here, almost three hours ago.
Who could accept this reality?
The fingers that Ye Junqing was holding onto his phone with were taut, but what made him angry was not what his brothers were thinking.
What was playing in his head right now was a scene from ten years ago, when he and Xiaoyuwai had to flee to a deserted island to avoid their pursuers. Because Xiaoyuwai couldn’t keep up her physical strength, he had no choice but to hide her away and draw the pursuers away himself. When Xiaoyuwai held onto his hands tight and begged him not to do so, her eyes were filled with despair.
To stop him from drawing the pursuers away, Xiaoyuwai even wrapped her arms around his neck willingly, and then…
That was his first time. He was taken by surprise and instantly fell for her.
Tang Zhou: [What the hell…how blind were you to make such a choice? Is that Qin Junye very good-looking? Do you have a picture of him? I want to see how handsome this person who’s incurred public wrath is to have caught your eye.]
Ye Xingguang: [Does this count as the third question?]
Tang Zhou: [Yes, post a photo!]
Ye Xingguang thought about it and found the ID photo she had saved in her phone, then posted it in the group chat.
###Chapter 411: Chapter 411 Isn’t this brother Qing after disguise?_1 
He was her lifesaver, she never regretted offering a kiss to make him stay, nor did she think there was anything shameful about it. If he, that big old tumor, couldn’t accept her past, then he was being petty! noveldrama
After all, he also had a past, didn’t he? That thoughtless little bastard, every time she brought it up, she got angry. It was a case of the pot calling the kettle black! 
Turns out, he, the big old tumor, actually had a real romantic relationship with that thoughtless little bastard. That was his real first love. In comparison, her relationship with Qin Junye was just lifesaving grace born out of a life and death situation. They never had a romantic relationship, their feelings were very pure! 
Such a pure feeling, yet the big old tumor was jealous, such a petty man he is, more so than a needle! 
Tang Zhou looked at the ID photo: [Wow… I thought he would be incredibly handsome, but he looks just ordinary. Throw him in a crowd and no girl would give him a second glance. Ye Xingguang, don’t tell me, that’s your taste?] 
Ye Xingguang sent a bloody kitchen knife emoji. 
Ye Xingguang: [He’s handsome on the inside!] 
Tang Zhou: [Who doesn’t judge the book by its cover first? How did you see through the phenomenon to the essence? You were even able to actively go for someone like him, are you considering the feelings of my brother, Jun Qing, at all? @Ji Qishu, don’t you think?] 
But Ji Qishu didn’t reply immediately. 
Tang Zhou @mentioned the other members. 
But no one replied. 
Tang Zhou: [@FuZhuo @Mo Fei @Ye Shiting @Yi Yujian @Lin Nan @Mu Nian Bai @Mo Zhe @Tang Xiao, what are you guys doing? Why the sudden silence, I’m not that bad at conversation, am I?] 
Ye Xingguang: [Aren’t you together with them? Don’t you know what they’re doing?] 
Tang Zhou: [I have been staking out the Junxing Weibo headquarters since my court session ended day before yesterday, haven’t stepped out a bit since then, how could I know what they’re doing?] 
Ye Xingguang: [You just said to me a while back, Jun Qing isn’t paying attention to anything, if you’re not with him, how do you know what he’s doing?] 
Tang Zhou: [If I didn’t say it this way, would you have answered honestly?] 
Holy crap! 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but curse. She quickly withdrew all her previous messages. If Jun Qing is spying on their conversation, he might just go crazy. Damn Tang Zhou and his blabbering! 
Ye Xingguang didn’t know that Jun Qing had already smashed his phone, that’s why everyone in Ye Shiting’s office villa left the group chat and simply ignored Tang Zhou. This topic was over-heated and nobody cared about the feelings of the person involved. 
Ye Shiting walked over to comfort his younger brother: “Who doesn’t have a past? There’s no need to get angry about this. As a man, you should be more forgiving.” 
Lin Nan picked up the broken phone from the ground, saying, “In my girl’s words, this is just like ‘straight man cancer.’ Back when I abducted her from someone else’s wedding, found out she had already been tasted by another man almost to be her husband, I was angry for a long time. The two of us almost broke up, but in the end, wasn’t it me who finally relented and pursued her, reality is the most important! As for who gave the first kiss, lost the virginity, let it be, what else can you do, unless you don’t want her anymore!” 
Jun Qing suddenly stood up, his fierce words ringing out, “What do you guys know!” 
What he was angry about wasn’t this, but being accused of something he didn’t do! 
Only Ji Qishu, who wasn’t in Ye Shiting’s office villa and had returned to KOCO TV station to prepare for the post-presidential election news propaganda, suddenly sprang up from his chair. 
Holy crap, this isn’t Jun Qing in disguise, is it?
###Chapter 412: Chapter 412 Little Starlight, I Have An Important Question to Ask You_1 
That face, even if it turned to dust, Ji Qishu could never mistake it! 
After all, it was indeed this face that had made him search for a needle in a haystack in the open sea, unable to find Qing Brother and nearly causing Qing Brother’s demise! 
After all this, it turned out that Little Starlight was the one who gave Chu Kou Wu to Qing Brother? 
No wonder Little Starlight was able to eliminate Qing Brother’s malignant tumor in just over a month, turns out they had been collaborating behind the scenes? 
Oh my god, did Little Starlight forcibly take away Qing Brother ten years ago? This news is too shocking! 
Why did Qing Brother suffer such serious injuries ten years ago, none of the brothers know to this day, does it have to do with Little Starlight? 
Ji Qishu, worthy of being the boss of the news TV station, immediately made up a drama of tens of thousands of words in his mind and immediately sent a WeChat message. 
Ji Qishu: [Little Starlight, confess quickly, how did you meet this Qin Junye and what did he go through?] 
Ye Xingguang: [I’ve already answered three questions, it seems unnecessary to continue answering, right? It’s late, I am going to take a bath and sleep.] 
For the sake of 0.1 yuan red envelope, she was asked three questions, no matter how she thought about it, it was too much a loss. She vowed that she would never scramble for red envelopes in this family group again. After all, she was considered as Lucky Queen, and recognized by the public as the Carp Girl. 
After sending this text, she exited WeChat, threw her phone aside, and went to the bathroom to take a bath. 
Ji Qishu, unable to resist his curiosity, directly called her. However, the call went unanswered, and just as Ji Qishu was about to attempt calling her again, the countdown to the final voting time of the presidential election had begun, with just one minute left. 
Unable to do anything about it, he could only suppress his many questions, closely watching the countdown on the computer screen. noveldrama
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1…. 
Ah, the whole nation is boiling, the newly elected presidential candidate has just been announced! 
Ji Qishu slams his desk in excitement, causing the overtime working staff of KOCO TV station to cheer in excitement! 
The final result of the presidential election; Ye Shiting has the highest votes, comfortably securing the first position, Lawson Perry the second, and Pan Tenglong the third! 
Ji Qishu immediately calls in the directors of the TV station, assigning tasks to each of them to make Ye Shiting’s successful election a special news segment to be reported globally. Everyone becomes so busy that they don’t even have time to drink water, working an all-nighter till dawn. 
At Ye Shiting’s office villa, they partied all night. 
It wasn’t until three or four in the morning that the all-night celebrants of Ye’s Family, exhausted from multiple all-nighters without sleep, dispersed each to their rooms to sleep and have a good rest. 
Before going to sleep, Fu Zhuo drowsily wondered if he had seen somewhere the picture of the ID card sent by Miss Ye in the group. 
Where he had seen it, he couldn’t remember no matter how hard he tried. 
The only one who remembered it was Ji Qishu. He worked straight until seven the next morning before falling asleep, and didn’t wake up until seven in the evening. 
Upon waking up, the first thing Ji Qishu, finally free, did was call Ye Xingguang. He needed to find out what exactly happened with Qing Brother’s strange disease, always having a feeling it might have something to do with Little Starlight. 
As soon as the call was answered, Ji Qishu couldn’t wait to ask, “Little Starlight, where are you?” 
“In the hospital, why?” 
“Which hospital, give me the address, I’ll come find you now. I have something important to ask you.” 
Ye Xingguang said, “The Affiliated Hospital of T University.” 
Before hanging up, Ji Qishu said, “Okay, stay there and don’t go anywhere. I’m coming over right now.”
###Chapter 413: Chapter 413 Night Monarch Qing thinks he is a big idiot! _1
Ye Xingguang was curious what Ji Qishu wanted with her, but she had something to do now, so she didn’t think any further. Today was the fifteenth day of the seventh lunar month, she bought some money paper and in the garden of the hospital villa, she burnt some paper-cash for Qin Junye.
Since it wasn’t at the Ye’s family home, she burned it with great peace of mind, squatting at the gate of the small hospital villa, burning, and paying respects.
“Who are you burning paper for again?”
Before the money paper had finished burning, a cold voice suddenly sounded from behind her.
Ye Xingguang jumped, without having to turn around, she knew that it was Ye Junqing’s voice. She immediately stood up, opened her hands to block the man behind her, fearing that the lousy man would step on the incense that she burned for Qin Junye.
Ye Junqing took in her defensive action all at once, his cold and sharp eyes were stung in an instant.
His cold voice sounded dangerous to the extreme: “Are you burning paper for Qin Junye again?”
Ye Xingguang turned around, still blocking him with both hands, speaking softly: “Today is the fifteenth day of the seventh month, every household would burn paper for the deceased. I’m just burning some money for the person who saved my life, that shouldn’t be too much, right? Why are you here? Your brother has won his presidential election, aren’t you busy today? How could you spare the time to come here?”
Ye Junqing was extremely disgusted by her act of protecting the burning piles behind her: “So your life-saving man is him? You’re endlessly burning paper for him? Does he collect it without guilt?”
“Could you stop speaking with such strange and mystical sarcasm? If you don’t want to watch, then don’t stay here. You can go inside, chat with my father. My father’s health has improved these days, he can walk on his own. This afternoon I even took a stroll in the yard with him, my old father-in-law has been thinking about you.”
But Ye Junqing ignored her, his deep eyes staring at the burning paper behind her, it was irritating no matter how he looked at it!
Damn that Qin Junye!
Whenever he thought about his little mermaid tail remembering everything she experienced with him as experiences she had with that dead Qin Junye, and even foolishly sent ten million to Qin Junye’s parents, Ye Junqing felt like he was a big fool!
It wasn’t that he was heartbroken over the ten million, but feeling aggrieved, however he thought about it, he felt aggrieved!
He wanted to prove that her life-saving man was not Qin Junye, but him. But this unaspiring little mermaid tail wasn’t at all receptive, making him want to strangle her to death just to stop her from always provoking him!
Of course, he couldn’t bear to touch a hair on his woman, even when he was grinding his teeth in anger, but Qin Junye was a different matter!
Ye Junqing couldn’t control his hand, grabbing Ye Xingguang’s arm directly, pulling her away before he stomped the three sticks of incense to death, then randomly kicked the still burning paper.noveldrama
His woman’s money, even if it was just paper-money, he wouldn’t let it be given to Qin Junye!
Ye Junqing knew his behavior was extremely childish. Even he wanted to despise himself, but he just couldn’t control it!
Ye Xingguang was in disbelief: “What are you doing? Ye Junqing, you jerk! Stop stepping on it! Stop!”
Ye Junqing had his anger, how could he listen to her? With one hand, he restrained her, while he stomped out all the burning incense on the ground. His action was as menacing as if he wanted to smash Qin Junye’s bones into dust.
At the same time, he warned her: “So I’m a jerk, from now on, don’t burn incense for Qin Junye. If I catch you doing it again, I’ll extinguish it every time. You better get rid of him from your mind right away, or don’t blame me for being ruthless!”
###Chapter 414: It’s not Qin Junye, it’s me!_1
Ye Xingguang’s rationality instantly crumbled. She paid no heed to the man’s harsh and unreasonable words. She pushed him away forcefully, staring at the joss papers on the ground that were not completely burnt before being stepped on, and the three incense sticks already extinguished under his feet in the mud, causing her heart to ache.
Her eyes turned red at once, filled with both guilt and self-blame, feeling as if she had truly let down Qin Junye.
Qin Junye had died saving her, yet now she couldn’t even protect the incense sticks she lit for him.
What gave this man the right to be so brazenly disrespectful to the dead?
Ye Xingguang stared at the man who was as furious as a burning flame, feeling a wave of disappointment. She trembled with anger, unable to utter a word.
But the man, Ye Junqing, was relentless. He gripped her jaw with his fingers, forcing her to look up and demanded menacingly, “Did you hear what I said!”
Ye Xingguang brushed off his domineering hand, pointed towards the gate with teary eyes, and ordered, “Get out!”
Else, she was uncertain if she could restrain herself from risking everything against him.
Next, she squatted down and picked up the incense sticks he had ruthlessly trampled into the mud one by one. She pulled out her lighter to relight them. However, before she could, the man squatted down, cruelly snatching the incense from her hands and threw it far away. With an overpowering anger, he shouted, “Clearly, you haven’t heard a word I said!”
“Ye Junqing, stop fooling around and spoiling my good impressions of you!” Ye Xingguang felt wronged and outraged.
This man, knowingly aware that Qin Junye had saved her life, couldn’t he empathize with her feelings? How could she interact with such an unreasonable man?
Out of anger and embarrassment, she pushed him, took out three new incense sticks, and once again lit them.
Ye Junqing lost control, his leather shoe kicked over the incense sticks she held, sending them flying again.
Because he hadn’t controlled his action, his shoe grazed her hand, creating a scratch. Although it didn’t bleed, it still hurt. Yet, Ye Xingguang was too angry to notice the pain. She stood up, her face taut with defiance, “Can’t you even uphold this little bit of tolerance? Do you know what kind of person Qin Junye was to me? He is the regret I can never let go of in my life. Can’t you try to understand my feelings?”
Disappointed by his unreasonable tantrum, tears rolled down her cheeks.
However, the man, who had been replaced in her mind, was completely incapable of understanding her perspective. Ye Junqing gripped her wrist tightly, “I’m telling you for the last time. The person who saved you from the sharks, was not Qin Junye, it was me! The one who hid with you from the pursuers, eventually stranded on a desert island, the one who told you, ‘It’s alright, I’m here’ and ‘I will always be’, was also me! The original ‘sunshine’ in your heart was also me, not Qin Junye. Your memory is jumbled, messing up everything that happened between you and me as having occurred with him. You woman with a waterlogged brain!”
“Ye Junqing, have you had enough?”
Ye Xingguang violently shook off his hand, “I know clearly whether my brain is waterlogged or not! If you kick my incense away one more time, I won’t be polite. Don’t mistake my tolerance for your opportunity to cross the line!”noveldrama
Having said that, she walked over, squatted on the ground to pick up the sticks. But as soon as she bent over, the man unexpectedly lifted her up from behind and strode toward the villa.
Ye Xingguang’s legs dangled in surprise, “Ye Junqing, what are you doing? Let go of me, let go of me!”
###Chapter 415: Chapter 415 Chasing Wife at the Crematorium_1
Ye Junqing didn’t let her go, carrying her directly and throwing her onto the couch in the living room, where his tall, robust body immediately followed and covered hers.
“What are you doing?”
“You’ll know well enough what I’m doing in no time!” The man, his mind fogged with jealousy, resorted to brutishness right away, not interested in reasoning at all. He was determined to completely drive Qin Junye out of her heart and make her think only of him!
Ye Xingguang shook her head continuously. This vile dog of a man had kicked over her incense burner. What was he thinking of doing now? Did he really believe her to be some pushover, totally devoid of emotions, to be bullied by him as he pleased?
Ye Xingguang screamed, her voice already choked with tears: “Dad…..Mom…”
Ye Junqing’s nerves jumped. Before Bai Lanwu could come out of the room, Ye Junqing abruptly stood up straight.
“What happened?” In the blink of an eye, Bai Lanwu, upon hearing her daughter’s cry, came back from Song Chuanqi’s sickroom.
“Nothing, Mom.” Ye Junqing sidestepped, obstructing Bai Lanwu’s line of sight.
Bai Lanwu came forward and saw her daughter lying on the couch, her eyes misty with tears, and couldn’t help frowning. “What’s going on?”
Ye Xingguang picked herself up, ran to Bai Lanwu’s side and pointed at the door, saying, “Tell him to leave. I don’t want to see him!”
“Inconsiderate punk, dare to bully my daughter!” Song Chuanqi, following a step behind, emerged from the sickroom. Upon hearing his daughter’s voice tinged with a sense of grievance, what father could possibly remain calm?
“Dad, Mom, it’s not what you’re thinking…” In the presence of his elders, Ye Junqing subdued his anger, his voice steady.
Ye Xingguang was so angry that her chest heaved violently: “Dad, Mom, you don’t know what this scoundrel has done just now. I’ve tolerated him once already, but he persists in going too far each time – unbearable! He kicked over all the incense that I was using to pay tribute to Qin Junye. I don’t want to see him now. Tell him to scram…”
“What? Xiao Ye, you’ve gone too far!” Bai Lanwu frowned in disapproval.
Both parents knew the importance of Qin Junye in their daughter’s heart.
In three words, Song Chuanqi delivered the ultimatum: “Get out!”
That damn brat, daring to bully their daughter right under their noses. If they weren’t there, who knows what their daughter would have been subjected to? Song Chuanqi had only one daughter, and he wouldn’t allow anyone to be arrogant with her.
Seeing that he was still standing there, he sneered: “Fine! This is your villa that you had prepared for us. We don’t have the right to tell you to scram. In that case, we’ll leave! Daughter, let’s pack up and change to another hospital!”
Ye Junqing felt a throb at his brow. He couldn’t let his father-in-law and mother-in-law leave. With a deep look at Ye Xingguang, who was complaining to her parents, he soberly stepped out.
This thoughtless rascal was actually seeking her parents’ protection even though she’d been the one tormenting him to boiling point!
After Ye Junqing left the villa, his face darkened like the prelude to a storm, running straight into Ji Qishu who was hurriedly looking for Ye Xingguang.
“Eh, brother, you’re here too? What’s the matter? All flushed and angry, who’s offended you?”noveldrama
Ye Junqing, at the height of his anger: “What are you doing here?”
Ji Qishu replied, “I just wanted to ask what exactly you and Little Starlight experienced at sea ten years ago. If you refuse to tell, I can only ask the other party involved. You know, bro, you’re not being fair. You strung along Little Starlight without anyone knowing, she lost her virginity to you ten years ago, but you never let on.”
Ye Junqing’s dangerous, dark eyes narrowed, “How did you find out?”
Ji Qishu spoke, excited: “Yesterday, Little Starlight posted Qin Junye’s ID in the group chat. I took one look at that picture, and holy cow, isn’t that you in disguise?”
###Chapter 416: Chapter 416 Calm Down Brother Qing_1
“What is this disguise you speak of? Speak clearly.” Ye Junqi’s voice was cold and indifferent, he was in no mood to listen to Ji Qishu’s jokes right now.
Ji Qishu was surprised, paused for a moment, and said: “Brother Qi, you don’t yet know that Qin Junye is actually a disguised one, do you?”
Ye Junqi’s face was taut, hearing these three words from Qin Junye irritated him. The low pressure around him made it hard for Ji Qishu to breathe.
Ji Qishu said, “Ten years ago, after you set sail and encountered an accident, despite dispatching all the available boats and marine rescue teams, we couldn’t find you. It was Fu Zhuo, who had completed the task of stealing the documents, who contacted me, and we searched for you together. Woah, Fu Zhuo pointed at some stranger lying on a piece of driftwood and claimed that it was you! At that time, I thought he had gone mad looking for you and was impostoring anyone he found. But then Fu Zhuo confessed that he disguised you after you fell asleep. That was you after disguise! When I saw the ID photo that Xiao Xingguang posted last night, even if it turned into ashes, I would never be mistaken. Wasn’t the photo on that ID exactly how you looked after you were disguised?”noveldrama
Ye Junqi: “!!!”
The cold wind blew incessantly into Ji Qishu’s face in the night. Even though it was the coolest summer night in August, Ji Qishu kept shivering. “Brother Qi, why do you look so bad? I swear I didn’t make anything up. If you don’t believe me, ask Fu Zhuo. He said you were so rash back then, you would go deep into the tiger’s den without even wearing a disguise. Fortuitously, he found Qin Junye’s ID on the beach and turned you into the person in the ID photo while you were asleep…”
Ye Junqi’s fingers were tightly clenched, making a creaking noise: “!!!”
Frightened by Ye Junqi’s terrifying expression, Ji Qishu immediately took out his phone and said, “I’ll call Fu Zhuo right now to confirm that my words are not false. Don’t vent your anger on me, I didn’t lie to you. Why do you look so terrifying?”
Having said that, Ji Qishu dialed Fu Zhuo’s number and turned on speaker: “Fu Zhuo, didn’t you notice that the ID photo Starlight posted in the family group last night looks exactly like Brother Qi after you disguised him at sea ten years ago?”
After being tipped off, Fu Zhuo slapped his forehead in realization: “I knew the name Qin Junye sounded familiar but I couldn’t remember why. I did recognize the photo on that ID from somewhere, but couldn’t remember where I’d seen it before. That’s what it was all about.”
Before Fu Zhuo could finish, he paused and continued, “Is it really such a coincidence that the ID I picked up belongs to the very same person little Miss Ye was once infatuated with? And I turned Brother Qi into that very same person?”
Even over the phone, Ye Junqi wanted to kick Fu Zhuo flying, he disguised him as what little mermaid’s infatuation target!
The person little mermaid was infatuated with was him!
“Why didn’t I know about this at all?” Ye Junqi was agitated, frustrated, and he longed to break Fu Zhuo into pieces!
Fu Zhuo was taken aback: “Qi… Brother Qi is there too?”
Ji Qishu didn’t even answer Fu Zhuo’s words: “Brother Qi, now do you believe me? I didn’t lie. We didn’t tell you because we were afraid that dad and mom would blame Fu Zhuo. After all, due to that disguise, we almost lost you and you almost drowned… Brother Qi, don’t be angry at Fu Zhuo. He meant well, afraid that without a disguise, your identity would have been exposed.”
Fu Zhuo also said over the phone: “Brother Qi, I was wrong. Punish me however you want, just get me out of the dog house.”
###Chapter 417: Chapter 417 A Gentleman’s Revenge is Not Too Late Even After Ten Years!_1
Ye Junqing took a deep breath, composed himself again and again, reminding himself that Fu Zhuo’s father had sacrificed his life to block a bullet for his father. He should be kind to Fu Zhuo. But in the end, the calmness he mustered up led to an explosive outburst. Just what karma had he accumulated in his previous life that he ended up with Fu Zhuo as a brother – never accomplishing anything himself but always messing up what others were doing!
Thinking about the harsh words he had just hurled at Xiao Yuyu, Ye Junqing was racked with regret. Immediately turning around, he headed back to the villa.
It wasn’t Xiao Yuyu who didn’t make sense—it was him! He must be a total idiot, not even realizing he had been disguised!
Almost at the villa, though feeling deep regret, Ye Junqing suddenly stopped once again, turned around, and briskly left the hospital.
Ji Qishu, worried, followed him. Seeing Ye Junqing get in the car, Ji Qishu opened the passenger door and sat in. “Brother Qing, where are we going? You’re not thinking of settling scores with Fu Zhuo, are you? That incident didn’t have a major impact. You should forgive and forget, give Fu Zhuo a break. After all, it’s been ten years since it happened…”
Ye Junqing held the steering wheel tightly, suddenly started laughing, his laugh tinged with irony and contempt.
Ji Qishu: “…”
Why is Brother Qing laughing like this?
After his anger had dissipated, and remembering how Xiao Yuyu had faithfully burnt joss paper for him every year, Ye Junqing gripped the steering wheel with one hand while the other hovered over his lips. Despite his efforts to suppress it, he barely concealed his good humor. It felt as if a warm spring breeze had swept over him…
However, hearing Ji Qishu’s words, his expression immediately cools and he throws out a comment: “Revenge is a dish best served cold – even if it takes ten years!”
Ji Qishu: “…”
At a loss for words, he surreptitiously sends Fu Zhuo a WeChat message.
Ji Qishu: [Run! Brother Qing is coming to take revenge on you!]
Fu Zhuo: [Why? Mr. Qing is not a petty man.]
Ji Qishu: [Brother Qing said, “Revenge is a dish best served cold – even if it takes ten years.” If I were you, I’d get a plane ticket and flee as far away as possible, and return only after Brother Qing has cooled down.]
Fu Zhuo, brimming with confidence: [There’s so much going on in the company, Brother Qing can’t do without me.]
Ji Qishu: [Well, I’ve informed you. Believe it or not is up to you. If worst comes to worst, I’ll burn you some joss paper at the Ghost Festival next year.]
Given the gravity of the situation, Fu Zhuo had to take it seriously. He immediately found a suitcase in the changing room and started packing his clothes, while continuing to send messages to Ji Qishu.
Fu Zhuo: [Brother, where should I run to?]
Ji Qishu: [Find some place with a desert and primitive tribes, where communication and transportation are difficult, and a place that will be hard to find.]noveldrama
Shuuu—
Ye Junqing abruptly braked. He skillfully turned the steering wheel a few times and parked the car by the roadside. Then, opening the car door, he strode with an air of urgency mixed with elegance into a flower shop at the roadside.
Uh
Ji Qishu: [Brother, I seem to have misunderstood. You were right, you don’t need to run. Brother Qing isn’t coming for you. He just went into a flower shop. Don’t worry, don’t worry, not at all.]
As if Fu Zhuo had a sudden reversal of fortune: [I have been saying this all along. Mr. Qing wouldn’t treat me like that.]
Once he sent the WeChat message, he carefree put the suitcase back where it belonged.
In the flower shop, the sales assistant recognized Ye Junqing immediately and greeted him with flushed cheeks, “Sir, are you here to buy flowers? Who would you like to give them to? I can give you some suggestions.”
Ye Junqing’s thin lips formed a straight line as he glanced at the various flowers and their symbolic meanings in the shop, and ordered, “Give me eight red roses.”
###Chapter 418: Soon to Win Favorability Again_1noveldrama
The language of 8 red roses: noble patch up, apology, patch up, deep apology, please forgive me.
The salesperson nodded and quickly wrapped a bunch of red roses for him. Ye Junqing held the flowers and walked out, not returning to the hospital immediately, but instead went to buy a bowl of wontons, then drove back to the hospital.
However, holding the wontons and red roses and intending to apologize to Xiaoyuwei, he couldn’t even see Xiaoyuwei’s face.
Ye Xingguang was furious when she heard the big tumor had returned, she directly locked her room door, not wanting to see him at this very moment!
Song Chuanqi was pleased with his move of buying food and flowers to apologize, proving he wasn’t entirely a loser. Nevertheless, he still didn’t give him a chance to please his daughter in the guise of a father’s authority. With a stern face, he directly issued an evicting order!
“Dad, it was my mistake just now, I have deeply reflected on it now. Please let me meet her once, there’s a misunderstanding between us. Once explained, she will understand me.” Ye Junqing felt that their conflict had been resolved.
Now his heart was full of joy.
However, Song Chuanqi would never allow him to hurt his daughter’s heart, not giving him any face at all: “Being a man and bullying a woman, I must have seen you wrong! If a man does not have this much tolerance, you are not worthy to be my son-in-law!”
Song Chuanqi had heard, this little chap, jealous of Qin Junye’s special position in his daughter’s heart, smashing the bottles of jealousy, that hurt his daughter’s heart. If the first time he made such a small matter into a trivial one, and if he spills over jealousy again when they are not there with her, she could be bullied to God knows what extent!
Daughters who are married far away have this disadvantage. If they are bullied in their in-laws’ house, they are too far away to help!
Song Chuanqi had to seriously consider whether they would return to the island to live in the future, or stay in the capital to support their daughter?
After Bai Lanwu poured a cup of tea for Ye Junqing, she sat next to Song Chuanqi and said solemnly, “Little Ye, you indeed went too far this time. The incense you kicked over and extinguished was offered to a young man who once saved Xingguang’s life. Because of the young man’s death, Xingguang has never dared to move on these years. She feels guilty and blames herself. You need to understand these feelings. If you can’t understand, how can we entrust our daughter to you?”
Ji Qishu came with Ye Junqing, and was surprised to hear: what, Ye Junqing is jealous of himself?
This misunderstanding is huge, he feels that he needs to notify Fu Zhuo again, telling him to run as far as possible.
Ye Junqing sat upright, although in his usual proud CEO posture, his face was full of mea culpa. Then he craftily defended himself: “Dad, Mom, I didn’t intentionally kick over the incense, but because the young boy who saved Xingguang ten years ago is not dead. It’s not appropriate to burn incense for someone who is still alive. That’s why I decisively stepped on the incense.”
Ji Qishu sat next to him, as if guessing Ye Junqing’s cunning plan, secretly gave him a thumbs up.
“Not dead?” Bai Lanwu exclaimed in surprise: “Where is he?”
Ye Junqing sat up straight, not afraid of leaving a bad impression in front of his parents-in-law, because he could immediately regain their goodwill: “Actually, he is right in front of you.”
Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi both looked at Ji Qishu, after all, they didn’t know who the young man was. When their son-in-law brought him over and said that, the elders naturally associated it with Ji Qishu.
Ye Junqing followed the elders’ gaze and also turned to look at Ji Qishu, his eyes suddenly became severe: “!!!”
###Chapter 419: Do You Know How Many Years I’ve Felt Guilty? _1
Ji Qishu’s scalp tingled. What the hell, please don’t look at me like that, it scares me.
Ji Qishu suddenly sprang up: “Uncle, aunt, don’t misunderstand, please don’t misunderstand, it wasn’t me. It was him!”
Bai Lanwu couldn’t believe it: “Ye Xingguang?”
Ji Qishu was willing to swear to the heavens: “Correct, it’s him. Allow me to explain how things unfolded, uncle and aunt. Please listen carefully. This is a major misunderstanding…”
As the CEO of KOCO Television, Ji Qishu’s account was full of ups and downs, fraught with danger. He concluded his tale: “Although I have no idea what Ye Xingguang and he went through, he was truly set up by Fu Zhuo. All the rescue teams were sent out to sea in search of him, but to no avail. In fact, the ship I was on passed by him, but I failed to recognize him in his disguise
after he changed his appearance, I missed him. Fu Zhuo really dug a deep pit!”
Bai Lanwu understood: “So, that was why he was disguised? He changed his appearance to look like Qin Junye?”
Ji Qishu nodded vigorously: “Indeed, that’s how it went. Ye Xingguang thought he was dead, but he was, in fact, alive. That’s why he didn’t allow her to burn paper money for him. It wasn’t out of jealousy, but rather the fear of being cursed. It’s ominous to burn paper money for the living, isn’t it, uncle, aunt?”
Bai Lanwu remained somewhat skeptical: “Is that so?”
Song Chuanqi’s tense expression also eased slightly. However, he was only half-convinced without solid proof.
“Humph! How can you prove it?”
Ji Qishu said, “I can recite everything I experienced with Ye Xingguang. Father, I beg you to let me see her. If not, the dumplings would get mushy.”
Ye Xingguang, with her sharp hearing, heard their conversation clearly from her bedroom. Even though logic suggested she should believe part of the story, her current emotional state prevented her from willingly accepting it. Only yesterday, he had clearly denied ever having used a disguise!
What a despicable man. Now that he’s scared, he’s creating excuses, even enlisting Ji Qishu to help corroborate his far-fetched story. It was such a well-crafted narrative that she suggested he might as well start a column to publish it as a short story.
Ye Xingguang covered her face with a quilt, without wanting to hear another word. Yet, her mind uncontrollably pondered:
Was it really him?
Could it be that her savior is still alive?
And had he been in her life all along, unbeknownst to her?
How could something so tender and beautiful happen in this world?
This scenario was too alluring and resembled a dream, making it hard to believe without hesitation…
Bai Lanwu knocked on her bedroom door: “Ye Xingguang, Fu Zhuo has brought dumplings and flowers and hopes to apologize and admit his mistake. Do you want to come out and see him?”
“I won’t see him!” Ye Xingguang’s refusal rang out loudly.
Before obtaining solid confirmation, she wasn’t keen on believing his story and angrily demanded: “Tell him to go!”
But in her heart, she seemed to have already believed 60 percent of the story.
Otherwise, how could he have known about the precise spot on her tailbone? How could he have perfectly reproduced a conversation that transpired between her and Qin Junye, with not a single word out of place?
Yet this dream seemed too enchanting. It felt like a beautiful soap bubble, vulnerable and likely to burst upon the slightest touch
The boy she had felt guilty about for so many years, who she believed beyond saving, had in fact been alive all this time. Her eyes reddened in an instant out of gratitude, tears rolling down her face. She clenched her teeth to keep from crying out in her overwhelming emotion.
She was aching to rush to him, throw herself into his arms, and berate him: “Why did you show up so late? Do you have any idea how guilty I’ve felt all these years?”noveldrama
###Chapter 420: Chapter 420 Isn’t this cursing the malignant tumor?_1
Outside the door, Bai Lanwu heard his daughter’s sobs. Assuming his daughter didn’t believe him, he shook his head and said, “Ye, you might as well leave now and come back tomorrow. Right now, Xingguang is still too mad to listen to anything. Let her calm down first, and then you two can talk it through.”
Ye Junqing stood tall and unmoving at the door, as if he had grown roots there. He held a pack of wontons and said, “Xingguang, open the door. I bought your favorite wontons. If you don’t open the door, they’ll go bad.”
Ye Xingguang bit her teeth tightly to prevent herself from crying out loud. She thought to herself, am I that gluttonous?
“Open the door. I want to apologize to you. If you’re so eager to burn incense, I will join you. Let Qin Junye take the blame for me. I don’t care who you’re thinking of, or who your first sunshine was.”
Ye Junqing’s words were so beautiful that he couldn’t believe them himself.
“Come out. I have prepared a lighter for you, even though I don’t smoke. We can burn incense and joss paper for Qin Junye. We can burn as much money for him as you want. After all, I don’t care if you don’t spend your money on me but on a passerby.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang wrapped herself in a blanket, burying her head inside. Why should she burn joss paper for Qin Junye, who has nothing to do with her?
Although the joss paper was to be burnt for Qin Junye, if Qin Junye in her heart was a malignant tumor, wasn’t this cursing him?
“If you don’t come out, I’ll really leave?”
Ye Xingguang immediately jumped out of the blanket and stood at the door, wanting to open it. But she was so nervous and frantic, she was afraid that once the door opened, everything would be but a dream. When the dream ended, her savior would still be dead, and never resurrected…
Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing were separated by only a door. Both were staring at the door, neither making any further moves.
Ye Junqing waited for a long time, feeling agitated. He was not angry with her, but with Fu Zhuo.
If it weren’t for that enormous pit that was Fu Zhuo, she would have opened the door, and she wouldn’t have lost trust in him!
Filled with rage, Ye Junqing left the wontons and flowers at the door and walked away, saying as he went, “You wait here, I’ll go and fetch Fu Zhuo so he can tell you if I have switched identities.”
Ji Qishu’s right eyelid was twitching, so he immediately followed, “Junqing bro, calm down. Fu Zhuo is our brother.”
Ye Junqing took forceful steps, like someone marching through a battlefield. He had no brother who would betray him like this. Fu Zhuo was undoubtedly the biggest roadblock to his love life!
Fu Zhuo had gone for a blind date. Bai Peiluan had found a good match for him. The girl would graduate after the summer break.
Initially, Fu Zhuo had refused. But after Bai Peiluan showed him the girl’s photograph, tall and slim, with beautiful features, Fu Zhuo gave into temptation. Even though he knew it wasn’t the best day to go out, he still went to the date.
As soon as he stepped out, he received a call from Ji Qishu, “Where are you right now?”
Originally, Ji Qishu had called to warn Fu Zhuo to run, but when he saw the dangerous look in Ye Junqing’s eyes, Ji Qishu had to change his tune.
“I am on my way to Yun Shang Hotel. Why don’t you come and join me if you don’t have other plans? My stepmother introduced me to a girl, and we are meeting for dinner tonight. It appears that the girl has brought her girlfriend along, so I could use a wingman.”
“Uh…” Ji Qishu saw Junqing bro’s approving nod and said reluctantly, “Alright, send me your room number and I’ll be there right away.”
###Chapter 421: Uncle Qing, are you promoting me?_1 
Twenty minutes later, in room 203 of Yunshang Hotel, Fu Zhuo was elegantly choosing dishes from the menu for the girl across the table on their blind date. 
As expected, the girl brought her best friend with her. While they were discussing what to order, the girl kept glancing at Fu Zhuo. 
Fu Zhuo pretended not to notice, smiling as he sipped his coffee, thinking she had taken a liking to him. 
Just as he was enjoying the moment, the door of the room was suddenly pushed open, and a man with an even more outstanding aura sauntered in, instantly attracting both girls’ attention. 
The two who entered were Ye Junqing and Ji Qishu. 
Surprised, Fu Zhuo asked, “Lord Qing, how come you’re also here?” noveldrama
After entering the room, Ye Junqing pulled out a chair and sat down with an icy demeanor, saying, “You’re not getting any younger, you’re even older than me but still without a partner. Since you’ve met a girl you like today, I’m here to give a bit of help.” 
Because Fu Zhuo was older than him, others called him Brother Qing, but only Fu Zhuo called him Lord Qing, or else he couldn’t call him Little Qing. 
Fu Zhuo was moved to tears. He just knew that Brother Qing was not such a jealous person, still caring about his lifelong affair. 
The girl he was meeting, with the last name Qi, kept her eyes fixed on Ye Junqing. Unfortunately, Ye Junqing already had a girlfriend. But that was fine, Fu Zhuo, Ye Junqing’s favorite special assistant, was also quite good. 
The matchmaker said that Fu Zhuo was not only Ye Junqing’s most favored assistant but also his brother, and Ye Shiting was already elected President. To be the boyfriend of the most favored special assistant of the future president’s brother would be quite a boast. 
However, Ye Junqing lazily leaned back on his chair and asked, “Miss Qi has good taste. Fu Zhuo is my most diligent subordinates, and I am about to give him a new position. He has a promising future.” 
“Lord Qing, are you promoting me?” Fu Zhuo never expected this. 
A promotion? Is that possible? 
After sitting down, Ji Qishu covered his face with his hand, unable to bear looking at Fu Zhuo’s excited face. 
Ye Junqing said: “You’ve been in the special assistant’s position for several years, it’s time for a change. From tomorrow on, you’ll be in charge of cleaning all the toilets for Ye’s Group for a year. Work hard, young man.” 
After saying that, Ye Junqing patted Fu Zhuo’s shoulder with a heavy-hearted look. 
Fu Zhuo seemed not to have heard clearly. What did Lord Qing just say? 
Miss Qi was startled, “Cleaning toilets? Isn’t Fu Zhuo your special assistant?” 
Ye Junqing said nothing but gave a look to Ji Qishu. 
With a cold sweat trickling down his scalp, Ji Qishu mustered an explanation: “Ahem, Fu Zhuo is so capable that being a special assistant is really an underuse of his talents. The position of cleaning toilets is more important and needs a talent like him.” 
Miss Qi: “…” 
Even if she’s a bit naive, Miss Qi also noticed that something was off. 
Could it be that Fu Zhuo didn’t fancy her and intentionally asked Mr. Ye to come and indirectly reject her? 
Miss Qi was not an oblivious person. She was pampered from a young age and had a pretty decent family background. She wouldn’t continue to stay when she was clearly being rejected: “I’m sorry, I just remembered that I have some urgent matters to attend to, I’ll be leaving first.” 
“Hey, don’t leave,” Fu Zhuo, completely confused, immediately stood up to stop her. 
But Ye Junqing said, “Have a safe trip, Miss Qi, no need to see you out.” 
After hearing this, Miss Qi immediately left with her best friend, Fu Zhuo couldn’t even stop her. His ego was hurt! 
Fu Zhuo: “!!!!!!” 
Fu Zhuo: “Lord Qing, haven’t you ever heard the saying, ‘It’s better to tear down a temple than to ruin a marriage?'”
###Chapter 422: My Majesty the Queen, Are You in Love?_1 
Just as he finished speaking, Ye Junqing lazily stood up from his chair, stretched his wrist and walked towards Fu Zhuo. 
As he approached, he lifted his head and threw a punch at Fu Zhuo: “You do know the saying, ‘Better to demolish a temple than ruin a marriage’, don’t you? 
“Ouch!” 
Fu Zhuo, knocked dizzy by the punch, was as silent as a cicada in winter: “Boss Ye, Boss Ye, what’s wrong? I didn’t ruin your marriage.” 
“You didn’t ruin it? If you didn’t, then why didn’t you tell me that you had changed my appearance ten years ago?” 
Ye Junqing, feeling unresolved, swung another punch: “Such an important matter, and you didn’t mention a word to me for ten years. If it wasn’t for Ji Qishu telling me, how long were you planning to keep me in the dark?” 
“Ouch!” 
Fu Zhuo was punched dizzy again: “Boss… Boss Ye, calm down, I was planning to tell you about it.” 
“Planning to tell me? When were you planning to tell me? Why didn’t you speak up yesterday when Ye Xingguang posted Qin Junye’s ID in the group?” If he had been told yesterday, he wouldn’t have made a fool of himself tonight. 
“Ouch!” 
Fu Zhuo’s eyes were seeing stars: “Boss… Boss Ye, I didn’t remember, if I had remembered, I would have definitely told you.” 
“You didn’t remember that you had changed my appearance? I think a year cleaning toilets is not enough for you, from now on, you will be my special assistant in the daytime, and after work, you’ll be responsible for cleaning all the toilets in the group. If one year isn’t enough, then two!” 
He looked at Fu Zhuo, who evidently had too much free time to be able to plot against him! 
Fu Zhuo initially wanted to dodge the punch, but stiffened to resist when he heard the words: “Boss Ye, you’re joking, right?” noveldrama
“Do you think I’m in the mood to joke with you right now?” 
Ji Qishu, who was standing on the side, felt torn. Should he intervene or not? Seeing Fu Zhuo completely defenseless, he quickly rushed up to hold Ye Junqing back, “Brother Ye, Brother Ye, Fu Zhuo may not be worth crying over if he dies, but Fu Zhuo still has one last mission to complete. Don’t you want him to go to Ye Xingguang and explain everything? Until he completes this mission, he doesn’t deserve your wrath!” 
Fu Zhuo: “…” 
Buddy, is this how you’re supposed to mediate? 
Ye Junqing indeed withdrew his fist, his predator-like eyes glared at Fu Zhuo: “Follow me!” 
… 
In the little villa of the hospital, Ye Xingguang had finished eating her rice noodles and was rolling about in bed, unable to fall asleep. 
With force, she rubbed her eyes, wishing she could cry out a regret pill, and then return to ten years ago. Even if the young man was unwilling to change his mind, she could at least ask him, what’s your name? 
Otherwise, she would always have a sliver of doubt in her heart, doubting whether this so-called Qin Junye was, in fact, the masked villain. 
Oh, what to do! She can’t sleep! This matter is all she can think about, and she can’t calm down. 
At this moment, her phone in her pocket suddenly rang. She glanced at it, saw an unfamiliar number. Who could it be? 
After hesitating for a while, she answered: “Hello, who’s this?” 
“Guess who?” came the sultry voice of a woman over the phone, a voice that could intoxicate men. 
Ye Xingguang was startled; she sat up abruptly in her bed: “Yen’an?” 
“You can still recognize my voice, I haven’t made you my friend for nothing.” Yen’an’s gratified voice transmitted over the phone. 
Ye Xingguang was stoked: “Yen’an? Is it really you? How come you thought of calling me? Wait, how do you even know my number? Last time I went to Bougainvillea Island to find you, but unfortunately, I didn’t find you. Did Mrs. Fang tell you my number?” 
“None of these are the main point,” Yen’an straightaway got to the point without even bothering to reminisce, “My queen, what have you been up to? Are you in love?”
###Chapter 423: You Can Only Marry the Inheritor of the Vampires!_1
Ye Xingguang’s heart stirred: “How do you know?”
“How do I know? Don’t you know that your love is tied to the entire kingdom? When you are smitten, everyone feels sweet as honey. When you are heartbroken, everyone else becomes depressed and teary, too. Tonight, the whole kingdom experienced dramatic emotional swings. One moment, everyone was shedding tears. The next moment, a wave of joy sprung from within each of us!”
“Did you know? The entire kingdom knows about your love affair. The elders are furious, saying they are going to find you and crush your love! Because, for the sake of the kingdom’s future, you can only marry the vampire heir!”
Ye Xingguang, stunned, said: “Why would my love be linked to the entire kingdom?”
“Because you have been chosen as the queen’s heir. The Sacred Tree has already recognized you as its master. You know that the Sacred Tree, also known as the Love Tree, can perceive the queen’s love and influence the entire kingdom. Tonight, the Sacred Tree, which had not blossomed for thirty years, bloomed bountifully. You have no idea how beautiful the sight was. But the more beautiful it was, the angrier the people got. How can you marry the vampire heir if you’ve fallen for someone else?”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
That damn tree had not bloomed in years, let alone more frequently than once every thirty. And now, because she was falling in love, it did? Could it be that magical?
Ye Xingguang didn’t believe it: “You said that the Sacred Tree can sense my love. But I have been in love before. Why didn’t it bloom then? Yen’an, don’t fool me around, I simply cannot believe it.”
“When were you in love?” Yen’an was curious.
“A year ago. We broke up two months ago.”
Yen’an’s voice, puzzled: “That’s impossible! For the past year, even two months ago, we’ve never sensed your love.”
Ye Xingguang sighed in relief: “That is why the Sacred Tree is not magical at all. My love cannot possibly be tied to the entire kingdom.”
Yen’an, rendered speechless by her question, hesitated for a second then retorted: “That could only prove that you were never truly in love with your ex. It doesn’t mean that the Sacred Tree didn’t sense your love.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Why did she feel like what Yen’an said made sense?
She might not have truly loved Yun Chen, but how could she not experience the spark of love? She did date him after all. This was completely unscientific. Could it be that the Sacred Tree was actually asleep before?
Moreover, she had also been around the annoying Bai Xiao for two months. She could hardly resist his handsome face and did feel the spark of love, especially the day after Valentine’s Day. Bai Xiao’s post on Weibo had pleased her immeasurably. Did the Sacred Tree not sense that?noveldrama
How come it senses it now?
Yen’an said: “I called you to give you a heads-up. You need to be cautious. The elders will not allow you to fall in love with someone other than the vampire heir.”
Huh, her love life was certainly not anyone else’s business!
But Yen’an’s words did put her on alert. She really didn’t want to annoy the elders. Now, what to do? Should she go back and cut down the Sacred Tree, or should she find the vampire heir and get rid of him?
Yen’an said: “That’s all I wanted to remind you of. Also, don’t feel down anymore. It affects me, too. I felt like crying for no reason just now, and it scared the crap out of Bai Xiao! I’m hanging up now, my Queen.”
“Wait, can you tell me in more detail about what exactly you felt?”
Yen’an’s sultry voice: “One moment, I felt so upset and disappointed that I wanted to chop every man into pieces. The next moment, I wanted to throw myself into a man’s arms, wondering why he took so long to show up. I believe these were your feelings, but the entire kingdom experienced them with you.”
[An Ying: Thank you all for your support, and your monthly tickets are awesome! I’m utterly grateful! Please keep them coming, along with recommendations, red beans, etc. PS: There will be more updates in the morning.]
###Chapter 424: Chapter 424 The Concubine Doesn’t Have Enough Strength to Keep Going…_1
Ye Xingguang had a thousand curse words bursting within her, wondering if the Holy Tree even allowed for any privacy anymore. How was she supposed to play happily now?
With a bitter expression on her face, she asked, “Doesn’t that mean you can all see my every emotion now?”
Yen’an’s comforting voice felt like a gentle breeze, “Not all emotions, but we can all feel your love emotions surge and fall, like when you’re overly happy or too upset.”
“Got it! I owe you for this tip, my gratitude runs as deep as a spring!”
After hanging up, Ye Xingguang lied on the bed, staring at the ceiling, taking a deep breath, then another, she just needed to stay calm, just remain calm!
She only just found out that the Big Tumor was once a boy who had shared life and death with her, what was there to be excited about? Stay calm!
She only just learned that the Big Tumor once risked his own life to save her, so what if he laid down his own life, why get worked up? Stay calm!
Count sheep, yes, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7… Ahhhh!
Ye Xingguang hugged her pillow and rolled around on the bed, she could not keep calm anymore. How was she supposed to keep calm? She couldn’t, she just couldn’t…
Just then, Ye Junqing brought the ringleader, Fu Zhuo, to her door again.
The three of them were in the villa’s living room. Ye Junqing with a dangerous glint in his eyes targeted Fu Zhuo, “Give me a proper explanation later!”
And with that, he went to knock on Ye Xiangguang’s door.
“Knock, knock, knock!”
“Xingguang, open up, Fu Zhuo is here to explain why he disguised me as Qin Junye while I was asleep, causing me to be unaware of my own disguise.”
“Go away! ” Ye Xingguang, holding her quilt, shouted at the outer door, “Leave, fast, hurry up!”noveldrama
Otherwise, she couldn’t control her feelings, the Big Tumor now was like a lethal poison, capable of causing her to get easily overwhelmed and become detectable by the Holy Tree, eventually being passed on to the whole kingdom. What then?
She was the poor wretch whose love was bound to the entire kingdom!
Ye Junqing, unaware of the details, assumed Mermaid still didn’t believe him, so he vented his anger on Fu Zhuo. His harsh gaze pierced right through Fu Zhuo and in a deep rhetorical tone said, “You stand outside her door, and explain every detail to her, right now!”
Fu Zhuo, under the immense pressure from Ye Junqing, wanted nothing more than to apologize by dying, considering he was about to take responsibility for the entire Ye Group’s bathrooms, he had no choice but to redeem himself by confessing everything to secure a lighter punishment. There was no time to waste.
Standing outside the door, he began to wail pitifully, “Miss Ye, please let me explain…”
“I won’t listen, won’t listen, won’t listen, you guys leave now, don’t come looking for me tonight! Leave now!”
Ye Xingguang put up a significant wall of denial.
Fu Zhuo didn’t dare leave and continued loudly, “Ten years ago, Junqing and I were young and brave. We wanted to step onboard a dangerous cruise ship to steal a secret document. Junqing was too proud to go undercover, so I had no choice but to disguise him as the person on the ID card I found on the beach while he was asleep…”
“I don’t want to hear any more, I don’t want to hear anything!” Ye Xingguang was going mad!
Her heart was soaked in honey.
She jumped out of bed and rushed barefoot as she was to the door. Upon opening it, she charged at Fu Zhuo and Ye Junqing outside her room, “Go away, leave, if you don’t go, believe me, I’ll use the broom to chase you out!”
Ye Junqing was looking at her bare feet, she wasn’t even wearing socks, not afraid of getting cold. With his arms, he lifted her soft body, carried her straight into the bedroom, and with a backward kick of his foot he “Slammed” the door shut.
###Chapter 425: Chapter 425: Is It What You Used To Do To Me?_1
Before Ye Xingguang could react, she was already pinned against the door by the man.
“Forgive me, will you?” The deep magnetic voice was irresistible, with each word spoken intimately close. Their foreheads were pressed together, the tips of their noses touching, and an implicit desire erupted between them like a thunderous storm.
Ye Xingguang was squeezed against the door, her breath irregular and chaotic. How could she resist him?
She mustn’t, she must control herself, she must remain serene like a peaceful river, she can do that!noveldrama
With this in mind, she tried to keep her face expressionless, not letting any waves of emotion ripple across her heart.
The deliberately composed look on her face left Ye Jun Qing feeling unsure. Did she still not believe him?
With one hand on the door, Ye Jun Qing used his index finger and thumb to lift her chin, his voice soft and gentle, saying: “Do I need to recount all the moments we shared at sea? You said the leader of those chasing after us was named, Geshu Chen…”
Yes, that’s right, it was indeed Geshu Chen, whom she later executed in revenge for him and her foster father!
As the man spoke, his breath sprayed onto her face, making her feel warm and ticklish. The ambiguity enveloped her like a huge net, impossible to ignore.
She tried to hold onto the last vestige of rationality, reminding herself to stay calm, but the man’s deep gaze focused on her, beautiful features. The moment she looked up, she was drawn into his eyes, her face instantly flushed.
In a low voice, the man’s words echoed in her ear: “I remember we came across a deserted island, we made landfall on the southwest of the island. You didn’t have any shoes and the forest was dense, so I carried you on my back…”
Yes, that’s exactly what happened. But couldn’t he stop speaking so closely to her? Her heart was racing wildly, just like a little deer, unable to focus.
“At that moment, we were cornered. I wanted to hide you in a tree hole and lead the pursuers away, but you held onto my hand tightly and wouldn’t let go. In the end, you wrapped your hands around my neck and pressed against me…”
Hmm…
The next moment, Ye Xingguang’s mind went blank. This man was like a lethal poison to her at this moment!
She was actually reliving the scene from ten years ago. Back then, she was the initiator, but now, he took the initiative, recreating the moment in a way that instantly brought back old memories.
Outside the room.
Fu Zhuo was still babbling on about something, but there was no response from inside the room. Ji Qishu simply turned a blind eye to it and promptly led Fu Zhuo away, saying, “Brother, let’s get out of here quickly.”
Fu Zhuo: “Can… can I leave now?”
“If you aren’t leaving, what are you planning to do? If you don’t leave, I will.” Ji Qishu walked away assertively. They had already gone into the room, so he didn’t believe that his brother couldn’t handle the situation with little starlight. Sometimes, a breakthrough in a quarrel between a man and a woman just needed an open door.
“Wait for me, brother.” Fu Zhuo wished he had wheels on his feet.
But could the daunting task of cleaning all the toilets in the Ye Group for a year be transferred to someone else?
Inside the room.
After a long while, Ye Jun Qing, with his suggestive tone, leaned down and asked the little mermaid in his arms, “Do you remember this feeling? Isn’t this what you once did to me? You may not recall our times, but I remember them all too well…”
###Chapter 426: Chapter 426: How Do You Plan to Compensate Me?_1
“Who said I don’t remember? You…go away.”
However, as soon as she reached out to push him away, her fingers were caught by his hand. His large hand kneaded her small one unconsciously, soft, delicate fingers in sharp contrast with his slightly calloused hands. It seemed as if he couldn’t get enough of holding her.
They say the heart is linked through the fingers. Ye Xingguang feels like her heart is softly held in the man’s grasp. Her nose is suddenly filled with the sourness of a long-awaited
reunion. Forget about restraining her feelings and maintaining peace of mind. Ripples are starting to form in the lake of her heart.
She tilted her head back, her long lashes lightly brushing against her skin. Looking at his face, so different from the young man in her memories, she asked, her voice hitched, “Is it really you?”
“It’s me!” Just two words, soft, low, but decidedly affirmative, afraid that any hesitation from him would make her doubtful.
Holding her hand over his heart, he declares, “It has always been me, there was never anyone else.”
Warm tears welled up in the corners of Ye Xingguang’s eyes and started to roll down.
The room was quite dark because she didn’t turn on the light. Everything seemed so unreal, “Why does it feel so surreal? Like I’m dreaming and when I wake up, reality will cruelly slap me in the face.”
He didn’t respond, only pulled her back onto the bed, making her sit on his lap, facing him, supporting her back with one hand and with the other, lightly wiping the tears from the corners of her eyes.
“I too feel like I’m dreaming. Had the chess book not told me that the ID photo you posted last night was of me post-disguise, I would have strangled you, this heartless woman! It was me you experienced all those things with, yet you only remembered Qin Junye. How can I not be angry and put out the incense you burn for him?”
Ye Xingguang does not want to sit so intimately on him, but he is domineering and persistent. Holding her this way, not only wiping her tears but also brushing her hair back, he then rubbed the back of her head and whispered, “How are you planning on compensating me?”
“For what?”noveldrama
“You kept the memory of some unknown man in your heart for such a long time, keeping me outside your heart. Don’t you think you owe me some form of compensation?” His voice was filled with resentment.
Thinking about it made him feel wronged.
Be it now or back then, it always felt unfair.
Especially ridiculous!
Every time it was his birthday, she seemed uninterested and would burn incense for that damned Qin Junye. How many times this had led to arguments between them. Now remembering all this, he really felt like beating Fu Zhuo, even if he was his own brother!
He felt like he needed to be healed, healed by her gentle and soothing ways.
Ye Xingguang was no three-year-old child, she understood the implications in his voice.
Her breathing was erratic and she spoke with an attitude, “What compensation, it’s not my fault. Who asked you to alter your appearance and not tell me your real name. You even gave me a name with the same surname as you, tell me, what ill intentions did you have in your mind when you named me?”
“Of course my woman must have my last name. You tell me if this was ill intentioned or a genuine intention?” Lunging forward again, forehead against forehead, nose tip against nose tip, with every word, his breath fanning over her upper lip, making her heart race.
“I’m done for!” Ye Xingguang muttered to herself.
“Huh?”
Ye Xingguang resignedly closed her eyes and signed her impending doom.
###Chapter 427: Chapter 427 I Really Want to Adore Myself! _1
But she didn’t care about any of that anymore; if it was over, it was over.
Ye Xingguang reached out willingly, wrapping her arms around the man’s neck; her heart filled with both sweetness and sours…
She closed her eyes. If this was a dream, she wished it would become a beautiful dream. She didn’t want to wake up at all. Let her drown in this moment.
She was so grateful to the heavens for giving her such an incomparable dream. In a moment, it soothed ten years of guilt and inescapable regret. What else did she need to restrain…
She now really wanted to send a banner to the Civil Affairs Bureau for letting her randomly pick her life-saving benefactor!noveldrama
She would definitely contribute to the increase of the national population.
…
The next day, when Ye Xingguang woke up, the man had already left for work.
After washing up, she sat in the dining room of the villa, having breakfast.
Song Chuanqi’s health had improved a lot, and he was now able to walk around. He didn’t want to continue to bed and be fed, so after the doctor’s morning rounds, he also sat in the dining room, having breakfast with his wife and daughter.
Seeing his daughter’s joyful expression even while eating, Song Chuanqi asked, “Have you confirmed that the person who saved you back then is the young man from the Ye’s family?”
Ye Xingguang nodded vigorously, feeling a surge of joy, “Dad, my saviour didn’t die and I was the one who picked him! Don’t you think my hands are blessed? They’ve become so lucky!”
She spread out her hand, wishing she could kiss them.
She had long forgotten that back in the Civil Affairs Bureau, her hands didn’t even get a chance to do the picking before the system had selected her match.
This selectively forgetful woman, at the moment only wanted to admire herself, worship herself, and deify her own hands.
Bai Lanwu was truly happy for her daughter, “Now you can finally let go of the heavy load in your heart, no need to brood over the past or try to correct it. It’s fortunate that your ex-boyfriend broke up with you, otherwise, you might never have known that the young boy who saved your life was a member of the Ye family. This is truly a fate bestowed upon you by the universe, you must cherish it.”
Ye Xingguang nodded enthusiastically, then couldn’t resist pulling out her phone to send Yun Chen a message on WeChat. Even though she had blocked Yun Chen long ago, she could still find him in the university student council alumni group.
She directly ‘@’ Yun Chen in the WeChat alumni group and typed: [Thank you for not marrying me.]
She felt that wasn’t enough, because Rebecca Perry was also a student council member, so she ‘@’ both Yun Chen and Rebecca Perry, and added: [Wishing you a happy marriage filled with a hundred years of harmony. I mean it.]
Suddenly, the usually quiet alumni group exploded into a frenzy.
The student council president: [Ye Xingguang, how could you be so lucky? Picking the top guy from the ‘poisonous tumour’ list is already a stroke of unheard-of fortune. Now that Ye Shiting will soon become the new president, from now on, you are the President’s sister-in-law. This position suits you, the ‘carp girl’. You indeed need to thank Yun Chen for ‘not marrying you’. I am sure you truly mean it. Please take me under your wing.]
Everyone in the group thought her sincerity was due to ending up with the president’s brother. However, only Ye Xingguang herself knew the real reason behind her gratitude.
What should she do? Even though they broke up not long ago, she wanted to message the ‘poisonous tumour’ again. She wanted to know what he was doing at this moment.
[Author’s note: Today’s update concludes here, more updates coming in the early morning. Kisses, looking for monthly tickets, recommendation tickets, support, and red beans. Today is another great day ~ ~ Thank you guys for loving me~~]
###Chapter 428: Chapter 428 Big Malignant Tumor that Eats Fish Without Spitting out Bones_1
Yun Chen and Rebecca Perry, seeing the flurry of compliments in the chat group about Ye Xingguang’s rise to favour, both chose to silently exit the WeChat group, each feeling disheartened, one perhaps more so than the other.
Yun Chen felt disheartened because he realized the girl who once belonged to him was now someone he couldn’t hope to attain, whereas Rebecca Perry’s gloom lay in the fact that she felt like a joke in the eyes of her classmates.
However, Ye Xingguang is the sister of the new President. Regardless of how disheartened she feels, she could only look up to Ye Xingguang from now on and dare not offend her. She suddenly felt like resigning and leaving KOCO TV. She didn’t want to have to ingratiate herself with Ye Xingguang whenever they met at the station.
Ye Xingguang didn’t care about the inner turmoil of Yun Chen and Rebecca Perry at the moment. She sents messages on WeChat simply for her own enjoyment.
After being showered with compliments by her classmates for a while, she exited the group chat. Her gaze landed on the nickname “Big Cancer”. She suddenly felt like changing the nickname for a certain someone.
After some contemplation, she thought she would pick a refined nickname. In the end, she chose: “Big Cancer Who Eats Fish Without Removing The Bones”.noveldrama
Grinning uncontrollably, she nearly laughed herself to death. Yet, she thought it was apt. That certain someone who ate fish was so ruthless that she still trembled at the thought and felt incapable of holding back!
At the dinner table, Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu were talking to her, but Ye Xingguang was too preoccupied with nicknaming to pay attention.
It was only when Song Chuanqi rapped on the table that Ye Xingguang lifted her head, puzzled, “Uh, dad, what were you saying?”
Song Chuanqi didn’t say anything and suddenly felt a sense of loss – as if the cabbages he had been growing had been stolen right from under him. Truly, a father-in-law and a son-in-law were natural enemies.
Bai Lanwu replied with a smile, “Your father was just saying that we’ve been residing in the imperial capital for a week now, yet your in-laws haven’t come to visit. Even though we aren’t exactly sticklers for etiquettes, you and Ye have been officially matched. How is the wedding being planned?”
Originally, the couple wanted to further observe Ye Junqing. However, given that Ye Junqing turned out to be their daughter’s savior, there was no need for further scrutiny. What was there not to trust about a young man willing to risk his life to save their daughter?
Moreover, their prospective son-in-law chosen jail over marrying someone else. Even though part of the reason was to build momentum for his brother, Chuanqi and Lanwu didn’t buy that there wasn’t a part of him doing it for their daughter.
Being fully convinced of their would-be son-in-law, it was now time for both families to discuss their children’s marriage.
They happened to be in the imperial capital now. Time waits for no one could be arranged forthwith.
“Huh? Dad, mom, it’s not that my in-laws don’t want to visit you. When I went to pick them up from the airport, they mentioned wanting to visit you at the hospital but I tactfully declined. I thought we could arrange a meeting once you’re better.”
Song Chuanqi took a big spoon full of porridge and said, “Dad’s in good enough health now. You and young master Ye should seize the opportunity while your mother and I are in the imperial capital to set the wedding date.”
Bai Lanwu added, “What do you mean, in due course? You’ve been living at their house for two months. Although you are officially engaged, an engagement isn’t a marriage. What’s going on? If you don’t want to get married, we can first arrange an official engagement ceremony and the wedding can be prepared later.”
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips. It’s not as though she said she didn’t want to…
Getting a little shy discussing her own marriage, Ye Xingguang said, “Should I send him a message about it on WeChat?”
###Chapter 429: Chapter 429 Currently just want to eat fish_1
The couple nodded.
However, Bai Lanwu said, “You don’t need to ask him directly. This sort of thing, the man should take the initiative. If you’re impatiently asking him when he’s going to propose, that’s just embarrassing, understand?”
“Mom, I understand.”
She had been wanting to send a message to the big old cancer asking what he was up to, but she didn’t have a good excuse. Now she can finally boldly send him a WeChat message. Just two words: [Awake yet?]
The screen of the phone on Ye Junqing’s office desk suddenly lit up. When he opened it up to see, a smile quickly spread across his face.
Thinking about the night before, Ye Junqing replied: [You’re up this early?]
[It’s not early, it’s already nine o’clock.]
Ye Junqing leaned lazily against the back of his chair, sent a voice message with his deep and magnetic voice, ambiguous enough to send chills through one’s spine: [Isn’t it unusual to wake up at nine in the evening?]
Ye Xingguang didn’t know what the voice message contained, so she clicked to open it. Who would’ve thought it would say that? She wanted to shut it off immediately, but it was too late. Instantly her cheeks turned red, and she didn’t know how to face her parents.
Really, she wanted to kill this damn fishbone swallow whole, why didn’t he text instead of sending a voice message?!!!
She let out a harsh cough, wishing she could poison him: [What do you want for lunch, should I deliver it to you?]
Ding-dong——
The big old cancer: [Your loving homemade lunch?]
Um…
She suddenly remembered that while it was easy to poison, she didn’t know how to cook.
Ye Xingguang clenched her fists. If all else fails, she could just make some charcoal dish. She replied: [Sure, I’ll make it for you.]
The big old cancer: [Never mind, I’m afraid of being poisoned to death.]
Little Fish Tail: [!!!!!!!!]
Does this big old cancer have some kind of precognitive ability?
Little Fish Tail: [I feel insulted. Tell me, what do you want for lunch? Just tell me and I’ll make it for you.]
The big old cancer: [Braised fish, steamed fish, sour fish stew, tofu stew with fish, sweet and sour fish, fish in chili sauce…]
Little Fish Tail: [Don’t you have anything else you want to eat? You’re not afraid of getting tired of fish.]
The big old cancer: [Currently, I only want to eat fish.]
Ye Xingguang clenched her fists, they were just talking about food, why did she feel like her hair was standing on end?
This man, surely he only wants to eat fish, right?
Little Fish Tail: [I can’t make any of those dishes, can you name something that doesn’t require expertise?]
The big old cancer: [Yun Family Seafood Restaurant’s takeaway number is 2753476, just call and order, then bring it to me.]
Having Little Fish Tail make him a lovingly prepared lunch was a delightful idea, but he’s a man who values her not getting tainted by the smoky kitchen. If she could order takeout for him and personally deliver it to his office, Ye Junqing would feel as if happiness was falling from the sky.
Ye Xingguang memorized the takeaway number, and enthusiastically ordered in the morning, then personally picked it up.noveldrama
She drove to the company. With her face, she had a smooth way in without needing to register. The employees she encountered in the building all enthusiastically greeted her. She rode the elevator all the way to the top.
On her way to find the CEO’s office, she happened to pass by the bathroom. Unexpectedly, Fu Zhuo walked out from the men’s room, a mop in one hand and a bucket in the other, a piece of tissue stuck in each nostril, his face screaming ‘strangers keep away and acquaintances stay the hell away’.
Ye Xingguang was stunned as if seeing a miraculous picture: “Mr. Fu, what are you doing?”
###Chapter 430: Chapter 430 I’ve been merciful not to exile him to the border! _1
Before Fu Zhuo could respond, a secretary walked over, covering her nose, and handed him a folder with a disgusted look: “Mr. Fu, Mr. Qing asked you to handle these documents during the lunch break.”noveldrama
Fu Zhuo: “!!!!!!!!”
He wanted to burst out. When did his job turn into: full-time janitor, part-time assistant?
The secretary with a sympathetic voice: “Mr. Qing said, if you are unwilling to efficiently complete your assistant tasks while also being a full-time janitor, then he will find a new assistant.”
Fu Zhuo snatched the folder: “If one cannot endure small frustrations, one cannot accomplish great things. Goujian could endure firewood for his ambition, then Fu Zhuo can endure squatting in a stall for his!”
After the secretary left, Fu Zhuo immediately dropped the pail and mop, rushing towards Ye Xingguang: “Miss Ye, no, Xiaoxing, help me, from now on, you are my ancestor, just speak some kind words on my behalf to Mr. Qing, get him to cool down faster, don’t torture me like this, I can’t bear it.”
“Oh, Mr. Fu, don’t worry, this can’t be rushed. I’ll go in and talk to him.” Ye Xingguang worked hard to stifle her laughter,
Walking into Ye Junqing’s office, she chuckled with schadenfreude: “Why did you have Mr. Fu clean the toilets?”
Ye Junqing, who was buried in official business, looked up and said, “I am already considerate not to send him to the frontier!”
“I saw Mr. Fu just now and he asked me to plead for him. He wants you to cool down, stop torturing him.”
Ye Junqing snorted: “You are not allowed to plead for him. If he isn’t punished, he will never learn.”
“I won’t plead for him. I think you should punish him more. He’s repeatedly warned me, saying you may like me and I should behave myself, not harbor unrealistic fantasies.” Ye Xingguang was adding fuel to the fire.
Ye Junqing’s face sank upon hearing this, “This happened?”
Ye Xingguang solemnly nodded and placed the lunch she brought on his desk. Then she walked to the floor-to-ceiling window to overlook the city scenery 99 floors below. No wonder everyone loved the view from above; it indeed gave a thrilling feeling of looking down on all.
Ye Junqing tidied up the files on the desk, set them aside, stretched out his long arm, pulled her over, pressed her onto his lap, and said, “What kind of loving lunch have you brought me? Is there fish that I like?”
Ye Xingguang clenched her teeth: “Eating too much fish is not good for your health, you should eat more other dishes.”
Ye Junqing chuckled, his voice filled with grievance: “Have I eaten it too much? Do you think I eat too much, should cut back?”
Ye Xingguang’s face flushed instantly. Being held in his arms like this, she nearly died of embarrassment: “Enough talking, I’ve delivered your lunch, now I need to go, I have matters to attend to.”
“What’s the matter?”
“I gave some of my songs to a well-respected elder in the music industry, all were my previous creations. The lyrics and recordings are now ready, even the music videos are done, they are ready to be released. The elder has called me to listen to these songs at the recording studio. These are sung by Ling Han, the one you accompanied me to watch his concert last time. I plan to use these songs to top the major music charts and beat Xia Yanyan. So, I need to oversee this. The elder and I agreed to meet at the music company in an hour, it will take forty minutes to drive there.”
Though she said that, she actually came with a mission. Her parents want to decide her marital matters, how could she broach the topic without belittling herself?
###Chapter 431: Chapter 431 Meeting the In-Laws_1noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was truly racking her brains.
Just when she was feeling dejected, Ye Junqing suddenly threw out a sentence: “My mom called me this morning. She said that now that everything at home is settled, they should visit your parents in the hospital. When do you think it’s appropriate?”
“Really?” Ye Xingguang raised her head abruptly.
Ye Junqing looked deeply into her eyes, what was Little Mermaid all excited for?
Could she have figured out her parents’ intention to arrange their marriage, and that’s why she was so thrilled?
Ye Junqing didn’t care whether he had guessed right or not, his heart delighted. Picking up his chopsticks, he ate fish and said: “The engagement cannot be delayed. This is your future in-laws’ wish. Delay could lead to changes, and other flashy women trying to pry into my affairs.”
Her future in-laws were so wise, she couldn’t help but want to give them a thousand thumbs up!
That’s right, she couldn’t give other vixen-like women any chance. Moreover, the Sacred Tree had already sensed her love. What if the elders tried to stop her from marrying the big tumor and forced her to marry the vampire’s heir?
“When your parents-in-law are available, my parents will also be free. They are just in the hospital, not going anywhere.”
Ye Junqing nodded: “Then let’s do it tomorrow. But tomorrow I have to go to R-city on a business trip, so I won’t be able to accompany my parents.”
“How many days will it be?”
She asked softly, clearly he hadn’t even left yet and her tone already showed reluctance.
She suddenly didn’t want to leave so soon. Sitting quietly in the crook of the man’s arm, leaning against his chest, she couldn’t help but feel apprehensive about staying in his arms. How could this be?
“Three days, is there any gift you want?”
He was also reluctant to leave at this time, but there was an urgent matter in R-city that no one else could handle.
“I have a roommate who is from that city, every time school starts, she brings specialties from R-city, and I remember there’s a sweet and sour radish that is particularly good. Make it a gift for me, actually, make it two bottles.” Ye Xingguang cheekily requested.
The super-rich Ye Junqing, looking deep down at Little Mermaid: Was she sure? A gift of two bottles of radish was too easy to get?
Ye Xingguang thought of the sweet and sour radish from R-city, drooling with food cravings on her face, actually quite cute.
Ye Junqing was speechless, it was a victory given to her, truly the easiest mermaid to care for in history.
…
The next day, Ye Junqing was off to R-city. He left on the eight o’clock flight in the morning when Ye Xingguang was still in bed. Before leaving, he leaned over the bedside and gave Little Mermaid a passionate good morning kiss, leaving only after he was satisfied.
Ye Xingguang woke up at nine o’clock and saw Yi Yujian’s WeChat message, which informed her that her parents-in-law would visit her parents at the hospital around ten. Yi Yujian specifically mentioned in her WeChat that she and Ye Shiting would also come over.
Ye Xingguang jumped out of bed, suddenly feeling some nervousness and excitement. She rushed into the next room in her pajamas to tell her parents.
Bai Lanwu tidied up a bit, prepared tea and water, and readied to welcome the in-laws. He even swept the living room in the villa once, carrying the trash out of the villa and dumping it in the trash can outside.
Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan, accompanied by Yi Yujian and Ye Shiting, walked all the way from the hospital’s parking lot.
Before they had even reached the villa, from a distance, Bai Peiluan saw Bai Lanwu dumping trash in the yard. One moment she was still chatting and laughing with Yi Yujian, and the next, she was stunned.
###Chapter 432: Chapter 432: Why don’t you Care for Details, Child? _1
That figure was so familiar that Bai Peiluan feared she was seeing things. Rubbing her eyes for a clearer view, she found she was not mistaken.
Lan Wu?
Was that person Lan Wu?
Without thinking, Bai Peiluan shielded her face with her hand and turned around, terrified of being seen by Bai Lanwu.
With no other excuse, she quickly decided to leave, “Bai Xiu, I just realized that what I’m wearing today is inappropriate. I’ll go home and change, you guys go visit Ye Xingguang’s parents first.”
Yi Yujian looked over his mother’s carefully chosen outfit. There was nothing inappropriate about it, was there?
Ye Baixiu also said, “We’re at the doorstep of the villa, why do you need to go back and change? What you’re wearing is perfect, don’t keep our relatives waiting.”
At this moment, Song Chuanqi also came out of the house with a trash bag. He was talking to Bai Lanwu while walking towards him to give him the trash bag.
While talking about his wife, Ye Baixiu suddenly halted. He stared at Song Chuanqi for three seconds and quickly turned around to agree with his wife, “You’re right, your clothes are indeed inappropriate for today. Let’s go back and change.”
Yi Yujian: “…”
Ye Shiting: “…”
Ye Shiting caught up with them in a few steps, “Dad, Mom, both of you are dressed very appropriately. There’s no need to go back and change at this point.”
Bai Peiluan frowned at her son, “How is it appropriate? How could you be so careless? Meeting the relatives is not a trivial matter. We are leaving now. You and Yujian can represent us to visit Ye Xingguang’s parents.”
Ye Shiting wanted to say something, but Ye Baixiu sternly interrupted his son, “Your mother is right. You’re going to be a president but still have no manners. How can we expect you to lead the nation? I will accompany your mother, you two go on our behalf.”
Ye Shiting: “…”
It’s often said that a new daughter-in-law is afraid to meet the parents-in-law, but he’s never seen parents who are afraid to meet the parents-in-law. It’s not like they’re orphans. So, acting as the patriarch, he takes Yujian to meet his younger brother’s parents in-law while his own parents flee the scene. What kind of situation is this?noveldrama
Upon hearing that their parents-in-law were arriving, Ye Xingguang diligently prepared tea. In the end, only the eldest brother and his wife came to visit.
Yi Yujian tactfully explained their absence, “Something unexpected came up, so the parents-in-law had to leave. Uncle, how’s your health? We’ve been meaning to visit you for a while now but couldn’t find the time. We hope you don’t mind. Here are some supplements we brought for you.”
Ye Shiting handed over the gifts he was carrying to Ye Xingguang.
Bai Lanwu welcomed them with a smile and asked Ye Xingguang to serve them tea.
After sitting down, Ye Shiting asked, “Uncle, how is your recovery going?”
Ye Xingguang gave Ye Shiting the tea and said, “Better than before. My father has uremia, an incurable disease. Currently, he can only maintain his health through dialysis. However, his other complications have greatly improved through recent treatments.”
Upon saying this, she remembered the malignant tumor again.
If it wasn’t for him, she would be a pitiful girl without a father now.
Receiving the tea, Ye Shiting said, “Your father can recuperate here for a while longer. The healthcare here is decent, and it would be easier for you to take care of your parents too.”
Sitting on the sofa, Song Chuanqi signaled him to drink the tea and said, “We’ve been considering it. Will your parents be coming back later after sorting out their affairs?”
###Chapter 433: Chapter 433: Why don’t I hire a mother for you to propose marriage?_1
After escaping from the hospital, Bai Peiluan called Ye Junqing, who had just arrived in R city. Her voice was full of anxiety. “Son, is Xingguang’s mother named Bai Lanwu?”noveldrama
Ye Junqing was relaxed in his speeding car, lazily stretching his legs. “That’s right, Mom. Have you and Dad arrived at the hospital? Propose the engagement today, so the next time you see them, you can directly propose marriage.”
Bai Peiluan was in a dilemma. “Son, can we postpone the marriage proposal? Your future father-in-law’s health hasn’t recovered, right? We can talk about it when he gets better. We can’t rush these things.”
Ye Junqing’s right eyelid started twitching.
He held the phone away and glanced at Xiao Yun. “Do you know why my right eyelid is twitching?”
Xiao Yun responded promptly: “Boss, the left eye jumping suggests coming wealth, while the right eye jumping indicates disaster.”
Ye Junqing rubbed his brow and resumed his conversation. “Why not hurry, Mom? You really like Xingguang, don’t you? Don’t you want to call her your daughter-in-law as soon as possible? And aren’t you eager to hold your grandson? Today you and dad should discuss this with her parents.”
Bai Peiluan felt helpless. Of course, she hoped to marry Xingguang as soon as possible, but who could have imagined Xingguang was Bai Lanwu’s daughter? How could such a coincidence happen?
Wasn’t it said that Xingguang was just an ordinary fisherman’s daughter? Bai Peiluan was at a loss and didn’t know what to do.
She couldn’t possibly tell her son, “Son, I’m scared to meet Xingguang’s mother. What if I hire someone to play your mother and propose the marriage for you?”
Isn’t it popular now to hire a boyfriend or girlfriend to meet one’s parents? So hiring a mother should be no problem, right?
“Son, I’m not feeling well today, so I won’t go see Xingguang’s parents. You should explain it to Xingguang later. I do like her, son. This call is expensive, I’m going to hang up.”
Ye Junqing: “!!!”
Does our family lack the money for a phone call?!
What the hell is Mom thinking?
Once, Mom didn’t like Xiaoyuwei, so she didn’t want to meet Xingguang’s mother, Ye Junqing could understand that. Now Xiaoyuwei has won Mom’s heart, and she still refuses to propose, Ye Junqing clenched his fist, feeling frustrated but having nowhere to vent.
After a moment of thought, Ye Junqing dialed his dad’s number.
Ye Baixiu said over the phone: “Xingguang’s father is Song Chuanqi, not Ye?”
Ye Junqing explained: “She’s an adopted daughter, not her father’s biological child. Dad, you should propose the marriage today, my happiness depends on you.”
But right now, all Ye Baixiu wanted to say was: “Son, I’m afraid I can’t help with your future happiness. You’d better keep being a bachelor.”
Ye Baixiu had a headache. “This is the thing, Junqing. Your mother’s not feeling well today, so we’re going home. However, don’t worry. I’ve asked the other guys to visit Xingguang’s parents. As for the proposal, we should play it by ear.”
“Dad! Don’t tell me you don’t want to propose!” Even if Ye Junqing were a fool, he would have understood his parents’ intentions!
He said angrily, “Do you and Mom not want Xingguang as your daughter-in-law? Do you want me to be single for life? I’m telling you, I don’t want anyone but Xingguang!”
“Nonsense! How could your mother and I not like Xingguang? My phone is running out of battery. Let’s talk when you’re back from your business trip!”
###Chapter 434: Chapter 434: The Heir of the Vampires! _1
After speaking, Ye Baixiu abruptly hung up the phone, fearing that his son would continue to push him to meet Song Chuanqi. He decisively pressed the power off button on his phone.
Compared to his son’s happiness, Ye Baixiu felt that his own happiness was more important. Driven to desperation, he could only choose to be a terrible father.
When Ye Shiting tried calling him, he couldn’t get through. That turned out to be a very awkward hospital visit. Ye Shiting and his partner Yi Yujian had to grit their teeth and sit there for twenty minutes before finally making an excuse to leave.
Ye Xingguang called Ye Junqing, anxious. “Do your parents not like me anymore?”
They had clearly agreed to visit her parents today, even discuss marriage. How did they change their minds so abruptly? It was embarrassing for her.
“Stop overthinking things. You’ve saved their lives. If they didn’t like you, why would they have so strongly opposed my marriage with Xia Yanyan last time?” Ye Junqing had no clue what was going on himself, but his voice was firm as he tried to reassure her.
“Wasn’t the last time a pretense?”
“Only the siblings were in on the act. Our parents didn’t know.”
“Oh, that’s good.”
Perhaps his parents really had something going on today. Ye Xingguang comforted herself.
“Have you arrived in R City yet?”
“I just got here not too long ago, missing me?”
She did miss him, but Ye Xingguang didn’t voice it out loud. “My Sister-in-law just told me that she wants me to join the Presidential Spokesperson’s team. She thinks I have the potential after seeing how I revised that document the other night. So she cordially invited me. What do you think?”
“What do you want?”
“Naturally, everyone wants to climb up the social ladder. I’m quite excited about it. Now that my identity has been revealed, I’m not sure whether I’m the one interviewing people or if they’re the ones interviewing me when I act as a reporter. Sometimes, when I’m in the hospital, people look at me with curious eyes. It annoys me. The other day, when I went to another building to get a report for my dad, a nurse even asked me for my autograph and a photo.”
Just thinking about it gave Ye Xingguang a headache, and she couldn’t resist murmuring, “I prefer the low-key life, but I can’t help it when others make a fuss over me.”
Ye Junqing’s laughter came from the other end of the line. “Then just agree. As long as you’re happy doing it.”
As a reporter, she was always out covering stories, rain or shine. As a person sensitive to changes in weather, joining the Presidential Spokesperson’s team was indeed more suitable for her.
“I’ll discuss it with your sister-in-law later. By the way, I looked up the weather in R city. It seems like it might get colder tonight. Remember to dress warmly, don’t catch a cold. I don’t know how you’d manage if your old illness recurs when you’re away.”
“Have you only just left, but already want to make me a remedy?” His deep voice was exceptionally suggestive.noveldrama
Before, Ye Junqing could always bear the pain when his illness flared up, but now, he suddenly felt that without her by his side, he wouldn’t be able to handle it. He wished he could simply turn her into a keychain and carry her with him at all times.
Ye Xingguang blushed, “What nonsense are you talking about, that’s not what I meant at all. Now you, my dad, and my nephew Xiao Man all have the same illness, and there’s no cure. It’s so annoying.”
The most annoying thing was that she knew of a surefire cure, but she was powerless to utilize it. Damn Vampire Successor!
She better not catch him, or else she’d make him pay dearly.
Ye Junqing stayed silent. Both of their illnesses were handed down from him. Actually, Ye Junqing knew a cure. The old man who saved him had said that as long as he assumed the role of Successor and married the queen of some kingdom, he would share the cure. However, he was unable to comply!
###Chapter 435: Chapter 435: The Light of Humanity Muya Jiushu_1noveldrama
The only woman he’s interested in marrying is Mermaid Tail. Other women, be it national treasures or queens, aren’t of interest to Ye Junqing!
Ye Junqing changed the topic: “Which brand of sweet and sour radish you want, I’ll let Xiao Yun buy it.”
Ye Xingguang also didn’t want to continue the subject, “Hold on, I’ll hang up first, then ask my college roommate if there are photos. Send them to me and I’ll get you a few extra bottles. Two isn’t enough for me, you can get me four.”
Ye Junqing didn’t want to speak, she’s a mermaid tail, not a rabbit. Why does she love to eat radishes and vegetables!
After hanging up, Ye Junqing checked the information for his current business trip. Recently, someone invented medicine to treat nearsightedness. The Ye Corporation wanted to acquire it, but the other side insisted on only talking with the President of Ye Corporation.
Unaware of Ye Junqing’s complaints, Ye Xingguang hung up and asked her roommates for photos. After sending the photos to Ye Junqing on WeChat, she chatted with her roommates about nearsightedness.
One of her college roommates, Chen Jiayao, was nearsighted and had a vision of 800 degrees. She was excitedly screaming in the group chat, saying her nearsightedness had been cured. She didn’t have laser surgery, she just took some medicine. She even recommended it in the group, after all, people without myopia are rare these days.
Ye Xingguang, who had never attended primary, middle, or high school, had avoided the student days of battling with glasses. But her other three roommates were either nearsighted, wearing gold-framed glasses, or wearing contact lenses. Without their glasses, they would be blind.
Chen Jiayao: [Ahh! I’m not in pyramid selling! It’s based on my real feelings from taking it myself. This Mermaid Brand nearsightedness mask really can treat nearsightedness. I think even a Nobel prize cannot match this mask! Just one treatment course and my vision reached 1.5. It’s literally the light of humanity!]
Feng Xiaoxiao: [Impossible! Doctors and experts all say, nearsightedness is irreversible. I used to think wearing glasses was cool when I was a kid; I even intentionally stuck my face close to the TV while watching it. Now, I regret it so much as I have 500 degree myopia. I wish I could go back and smack my past self!]
Liang Qianqiu: [For people like me who have 300 degrees of nearsightedness and don’t like to wear glasses, I can only recognize people when they come close to me. If someone can conquer nearsightedness, I won’t just give them a Nobel Prize, I’ll even do the splits for them!]
Chen Jiayao directly posted the link for the Mermaid Brand Nearsightedness Eyemask: [Believe me, the online shopping reviews are all five stars. At first, I thought they were fake but now, I can assure you 100%, these are real. This is much cheaper than laser surgery. A single mask is only a thousand dollars and a whole course of seven masks is seven thousand. It can even cure 800-degree myopia, can you imagine?]
Ye Xingguang was curious, what kind of eyemask is so powerful that it can even cure nearsightedness?
Opened the online shopping link and noticed, this store’s name is called “Ocean Summit Official Flagship Store.”
She had never heard of this brand, “Ocean Summit.” These days, the names of flagship stores are getting more and more exaggerated.
Filled with curiosity, she looked at the product description of this eyemask. It contained medicinal ingredients from deep-sea plants that ordinary people wouldn’t recognize, but she did. Indeed, these plants contained medicinal ingredients, she vaguely understood some.
In the end, Ye Xingguang noticed the name of the patent owner of this nearsightedness-curing eye mask, her eyes widened suddenly.
What? According to the web page, the patent for this eyemask is owned by Muya Jiushu. So, Muya Jiushu is the hero who conquered nearsightedness?
What? Muya Jiushu, isn’t that her name?
When did she conquer nearsightedness? How come she wasn’t aware of it?
[AnYing: Today’s update ends here, I will continue tomorrow. Please support me with monthly tickets, recommendations, red beans, cheers~~]
###Chapter 436: Chapter 436 The Power of Mermaid Undermines Her Husband_1
Ye Xingguang was rummaging through the shop info for clues, trying to find out exactly who had given her such a grand title. When she thought her search had been fruitless, she unexpectedly found a crucial lead in the shop’s information.
Unbelievably, the name of the shopkeeper turned out to be –
Yen’an?
Ye Xingguang immediately exited the online shopping site. After enduring half an hour, she could bear it no longer and dialed back the unfamiliar number Yen’an had used to call her a few days ago.
The moment the call connected, she heard Yen’an’s seductive voice, “Darling, I’m busy right now, I’ll call you back in a bit.”
“Busy with what, I have a question for you, who allowed you to sell Mermaid Brand Myopia Masks under my name?”
As soon as Ye Xingguang finished speaking, she heard the sound of heavy breathing from Bai Xiao on Yen’an’s side
She had good hearing; she could hear the sound of Bai Xiao’s breathing over the phone. Each individual’s breathing was unique; how was it possible for her to mishear Bai Xiao’s breathing at Yen’an’s place? Was it her imagination?
Or perhaps, as she had fallen in love, she was intoxicated by Bai Xiao’s charm, constantly fantasizing about the man who bit into fish without even discarding the bones.
At a five-star hotel on another side, Ye Junqing was sitting across from Yen’an, leisurely sipping tea.
Not only did Yen’an have a persuasive voice, but her clothing was also extremely provocative. Her every movement brimmed with seduction; she was a deadly temptation for many men, but not once had Ye Junqing taken notice of her beauty.
Seeing Yen’an on a call, Ye Junqing too took out his phone and began to review information sent by his team.
Ye Corporation was not the only company aiming to secure the Mermaid Brand Myopia Masks, in fact, various enterprises were eyeing this profitable venture. Given the increasing number of myopic people worldwide and the inexorable demand for spectacles and contact lenses, the market was immensely promising.
He was currently reviewing bids offered by other corporations. He had informants in many companies, which allowed him to be privy to their trade secrets and obtain their accurate bids.
High-ranking executives under the Ye Corporation had all tried and benefitted from these masks, all regaining perfect eyesight after a course…
Therefore, Ye Junqing was determined to secure the collaboration project involving the Mermaid Brand Myopia Masks on this trip.
Yen’an firmly denied over the phone, “Eh… You found out so quickly? I’ll chat with you later. I plan on promoting this product extensively and am seeking business partners for large-scale production. I’ll call you once it’s settled.”
“Hold on, who are you partnering with over there?”noveldrama
Yen’an casted an eye on the elegant and noble Ye Junqing, whose every movement held a charm that was hard to resist, “A handsome guy, just slightly inferior compared to my man.”
Ye Xingguang sarcastically added, “Oh, that means he is much worse than my guy. Listen, negotiate a good deal don’t end up losing money. Do you even know how to do business? If this mask is effective, it should be an 80/20 split, 80% for us and 20% for the partners, understand? Then you and I split the 80% six to four, you four and me six. Don’t think about earning money off my name and not giving me a single penny!”
As Yen’an argued that Bai Xiao, her husband, was worse than Ye Xingguang’s man, she abruptly ended the call out of protectiveness.
Thinking of having to share sixty percent of her earnings, Yen’an began to demand high, “Mr. Ye, how is the contract coming along? I only have one request, it’s 90/10, no room for negotiation.”
###Chapter 437: Chapter 437: Has Uncle Qing also been kicked out?_1
Ye Junqing put away his phone, smiling as he sipped his tea, “Miss Yen’an, it’s not possible. You only provide raw materials and recipes, while I handle production, sales, promotion, a complete package. A split of sixty-forty is the bottom line I can offer.”
Ye Junqing had already seen the proposals from other groups: the highest bid was a fifty-fifty split.
Yen’an had no business acumen which is why she hated negotiating prices. Upon hearing his words, just like dealing with others in business meetings, she stood up to see him off: “In that case, there’s nothing left for us to discuss. Mr. Ye, please make yourself at home. I won’t see you out.”
After all, she had a unique technique. Solely owned worldwide. Willing to cooperate or not, she had the upper hand.
Ye Junqing frowned.
He heard, other company presidents were dismissed in the same manner. There was no room for negotiation.
It was Ye Junqing’s first encounter with such high-handed negotiation. Conversations with group leaders immediately ended with an abrupt dismissal if disagreements arose.
“Miss Yen’an, I came with sincerity, hoping you might give it some serious consideration. There’s scarcely a more sincere offer than a sixty-forty split.” He said, leaving shortly.
Just having been thrown out before Ye Junqing, Lin Hanfeng stood outside, smoking against the hallway wall, watching the commotion with amusement, “Ye, been shown the door too?”
Ye Junqing’s face was grave as he replied tersely, “Mutual, reciprocal.”
Lin Hanfeng offered him a cigarette. Ye Junqing declined. He never smoked.
Lin Hanfeng exhaled a ring of smoke, saying, “A seventy-thirty split, no room for negotiation. Have never seen such a difficult woman. What if we employ a strategy of charm, both of us working together to win her over? If one handsome man isn’t temptation enough, would two combined be irresistible to her?”
Ye Junqing raised an eyebrow. A seventy-thirty split?
What he heard was a ninety-ten split.
Could this guy have been willing to sell his soul for a project?
Ye Junqing scorned silently, and walked off.
Lin Hanfeng followed, jokingly linking arms with him, “Long time no see. Where are we off to have a good time? Is Ms. Fortune with you?”
“Going to buy turnips.” Ye Junqing knocked off Lin Hanfeng’s hand.
“What?” Had the failed negotiation and dismissal upset him, making him want to buy turnips?
Lin Hanfeng was in disbelief!
Lin Hanfeng was pretty determined to obtain the People’s Fish Brand nearsightedness eyepatch. Now that Ye Shi was a formidable opponent, he had to keep a close eye on this guy. He didn’t want Ye Junqing to seduce Miss Yen’an in the middle of the night, leaving him oblivious.noveldrama
Lin Hanfeng thought Ye Junqing was joking about buying turnips, only to see him actually direct the driver to a bustling marketplace in R City and get off the car.
I saw a ghost!
Lin Hanfeng followed Ye Junqing out of the car. Two elegant-looking men, obviously in the wrong place, were together stepping into the marketplace.
With a photo pulled up on WeChat, Ye Junqing searched long and hard in the market and finally found the candied turnips that Xiao Yuyi had been dreaming about.
“Boss, four bottles of pickled turnips, please.”
“Okay, just a moment. You sound like you’re from out of town. It’s impressive that you know about our pickled turnips. I’ll give you a ten percent discount.” While packing four bottles of turnips into a bag, the shopkeeper asked, “Young man, that’s thirty in total. Here you go!”
One hand handing over the money, the other receiving the plastic bag, Ye Junqing’s haughty expression softened somewhat, “Buying it for my wife, she has a taste for this stuff.”
###Chapter 438: Chapter 438 The Second Trick of Mermaid To Undermine Her Husband_1
The boss lady took the hundred dollars, finding change while saying, “Young man, you’re about to be a father, right? Many pregnant women from out of town specifically ask people to buy our homegrown radishes. Pregnancy can affect appetite, but our pickled radish is an absolutely great appetizer for expecting mothers.”
Lin Hanfeng stood on the side, eyes filled with shock, “My short fling is already pregnant?”
Ye Junqing was originally going to say no, but seeing Lin Hanfeng’s envious and astonished eyes, he suddenly fell silent, practically confirming it.
Lin Hanfeng was filled with envy, jealousy, and resentment. He felt that Ye Junqing should organize a dinner party and treat everyone to a meal.
Ye Junqing casually tossed him a response: “You organize, I’ll pay.”
On the other side, Yen’an called Ye Xingguang again, sounding gloomy, “I still haven’t found a partner yet. Doing business is really hard.”
Ye Xingguang said, “Don’t rush, such a good product, others would be begging you for a partnership. How did you develop this eye mask, and who have you approached for partnerships?”
Yen’an replied, “It’s the partners who are approaching me. Only world-class multinational corporations are qualified to discuss partnerships with me. Those who can’t make it into the top 50 of Forbes’ rich list are not even qualified.”
“Wow, you’re really something. Don’t rush to confirm the partners, let me hype it up for you first. When it gains more publicity, the partners will definitely scramble to work with you, understand?”
Yen’an thought this was a good idea, “Right, Xiao Jiu, who was it that dared to ruin my cabbage patch?”noveldrama
“You’re the pig. This guy is even more handsome than Bai Xiao. Unfortunately, he is away on a business trip, so tonight I am destined to sleep alone.”
In front of Yen’an, Ye Xingguang spoke without any reservations, “I won’t talk to you anymore, I will go and promote your eye masks, striving to sell them at a good price. You just keep those partners waiting, and negotiate with them when the news spreads.”
After giving instructions, Ye Xingguang hung up the phone and started writing a piece of soft news.
If such soft news were sent to the station, the station would usually charge money for it, so Ye Xingguang didn’t send it there. Instead, he called Han Chengbei, who is a real media tycoon.
“Oh, my God, you still remember that I exist in this world?”
Han Chengbei was a bit upset. Lawson Perry had lost the presidential election, making him feel quite down these past few days.
“Of course I remember you. I previously mentioned that I would treat you to a meal but never got around to it. Does today work for you?”
Han Chengbei responded nonchalantly, “Do you think I would believe that you specially called to invite me to dinner? Spit it out, what do you need help with?”
“Well, you guessed right. My friend has a product that he wants to promote. You’re a big shot in the media, I was hoping you could give it some publicity. Could you make it widely known within a day?”
“Send me the copy. I’m busy these days and don’t have time for a meal. We can make up for it after I’m done with my work.”
“Okay, I’ll send it over, make sure to check it as soon as possible.”
After hanging up the phone, Ye Xingguang sent over the copy.
Living up to his reputation as a media mogul, Han Chengbei made the Renyu brand myopia eye mask climb to the top of the trending searches within five hours. It became well-known and a hot topic, especially since myopia has become the number one global disease. Everyone was asking whether the product was real or fake.
In a VIP room of a top-tier club in R city, a dozen bosses who wanted to get the eye mask production contract were seated.
Halfway through the dinner party organized by Lin Hanfeng, he checked the trending searches and almost spat out his drink, “Holy shit! Who was insane enough to make the eye mask reach the top of the trending searches? Now even more people will want a piece of the pie!!!”
###Chapter 439: Chapter 439 Grandpa Qing’s Wife Pampering Madness is Not for Show_1
The woman named Yen’an, because she possessed the core technology, had a more arrogant attitude than these big shots. Now that she’s trending, won’t she be even more arrogant?!
Another one of the top ten committed bachelors on the list, named Harry Perry, ranked fourth on the cancer list, raised his glass of red wine to Lin Hanfeng, chuckled, “Lin Hanfeng, why are you nervous? No matter how many people want a piece of the cake, can anyone snatch the Mermaid’s brand myopia mask out of our hands in this room?”
Lin Hanfeng said, “That’s not necessarily the case. We don’t want to do business without making money, but that doesn’t mean those who strive to climb up aren’t willing to risk their own capital. I promise, whoever gets the Myopia Mask project will make a fortune in the following year. That woman named Yen’an, she doesn’t just have the Myopia Mask, but also a height-enhancing drug and a hair growth drug. Once these three drugs are available, everyone will go crazy over them.”
Harry Perry, full of malevolence, suggested, “In that case, let’s play a game and see who’ll ultimately get the Mermaid’s brand myopia mask. Whoever wins the rights to the Mermaid’s brand myopia mask, Ye Shiting, I’ll bet with you. The game between my brother and your brother is over. Next, let’s play.”noveldrama
Ye Shiting leaned back in his chair, lazily lifted his eyelids and said, “I’m not interested.”
“What, don’t dare to play with me?” Harry Perry chuckled malevolently.
He had been harboring frustration recently because he had been very sincere in pursuing Xia Yanyan, but Xia Yanyan put Ye Shiting’s name on the marriage application form.
It felt as if the woman Harry Perry could not win over was a woman Ye Shiting wouldn’t even care to look at, which disgusted him!
Moreover, his brother had lost to Ye Shiting in the presidential election, which was extremely frustrating.
“What’s the stake?” Ye Shiting played with the wine glass in his hand, gently shaking the red wine, appearing indifferent.
Harry Perry laughed, “How about this, if I get the rights, I want the ownership of all the Mermaid Theme Parks under the Ye Corporation. If you get the rights, you can ask for anything you want.”
Once he gets the Mermaid Theme Park, he’d propose to Xia Yanyan using the theme park. He found something very interesting – the Mermaid Theme Park is really the most romantic thing.
Ha!
The big shots at the dinner table all became interested. Owning all the Mermaid Theme Parks under the Ye Corporation represented a huge fortune. This bet was high stakes. Would Ye Shiting dare to bet?
Ye Shiting held his wine glass, indeed, saying nothing.
He was not very confident about obtaining the myopia mask this time, so there was no need to play with Harry Perry.
If he had to get the myopia mask for a very low share just to win a bet, that was not his business nature.
Moreover, the Mermaid Theme Park, which he had established for Xia Yanyan, was his proposal plan. How could he use it as a stake?
But, under the public gaze, Harry Perry provocatively challenged him, jokingly saying, “What, don’t dare to bet? Is there a time when you, Ye Shiting, can’t afford to play? I thought that ever since you were chosen by the carps’ girl, you’ve been blessed by the carp-like fortune, capable of winning any game. So, it turns out that the carp-girl’s fortune can not guarantee your non-stop winning streak?”
Ye Shiting’s eyes darkened so subtly that it was almost impossible to detect. As if a nerve had been touched, he leisurely took a sip of red wine and said, “Second young master Perry is really humorous. I don’t want anything. If I get the myopia mask, the next time second young master Perry gets the chance to see my woman, he can just kneel down and call her ‘mom’.”
###Chapter 440: Chapter 440 The Third Trick of Mermaid To Undermine Her Husband_1
“Pfft!” Lin Hanfeng burst out laughing right away.
As for Ye Junqing, was he really so protective of his wife? Would Harry Perry have to call him “Mama Qing” in the future?
Lin Hanfeng seemed interested and said, “Let’s bet! I’ll be your witness. If someone else gets the rights to cooperate, and neither of you succeed, then your bet is voided. Otherwise, stake as you have decided, this is fun!”
Harry Perry’s face turned green. After the feast, he immediately contacted Yen’an. He didn’t care about the profits anymore, instead, he was willing to pay from his own pocket, as long as Yen’an cooperated with him to manage the Mermaid Themed Park.
Yen’an was shocked and immediately called Ye Xingguang, “Xiao Jiu, your publicity power is incredible! You know what? Someone just called me and said they would not only waive the profits, but also subsidize me for every product sold, meaning, for every eye mask I sell, I would get the profit of two.”
Ye Xingguang was stunned, “Did you receive a scam call?”
“I also have strong suspicions, it could be a scam call, so I asked him to sign a contract in person.”
Ye Xingguang was still worried. “Be careful, the tricks scammers nowadays use are numerous and confusing. You shouldn’t believe in this kind of deal that makes no profit but instead loses money. Even a three-year-old knows it’s fake.”
Yen’an took his words into account. Five minutes after hanging up the phone, it rang again. This time, it was from Ye Junqing.
“Miss Yan, regardless of the tempting conditions the Perry Group offers, I am willing to give you twice their profit in order to secure the rights to your eye mask. Please reconsider.”
Twice the profit, wouldn’t that mean she could earn the price of three masks for every mask sold?noveldrama
Seeing money roll in, Yen’an wanted to agree immediately, but Ye Xingguang’s warning was still fresh in her mind, so she deliberately acted indifferent and elusive, “Wait, let me think about it.”
After she hung up, Yen’an excitedly called Ye Xingguang again, “Xiao Jiu, Xiao Jiu, was it really your publicity power that was amazing? Some other person called me, the condition they offered is even more tempting. They said that whatever the previous person offered, they would offer double. Should I agree?”
Ye Xingguang furrowed his brows deeper, “Scam! It must be a scam! Don’t pay any attention to it, there’s no such thing as free lunch!”
Yen’an could only suppress her impulse to get rich quick and called Harry Perry and Ye Junqing to decline their offers.
At this moment, Lin Hanfeng called her, saying, “Miss Yan, I’ve thought through the conditions you proposed earlier and I accept them. When should we sign the contract?”
“Hold on.”
Yen’an called Ye Xingguang for the third time, “Xiao Jiu, this time someone called me with a seventy-thirty offer, I get seventy, they take thirty. Do you think it’s credible?”
Ye Xingguang said, “This sounds a bit more reliable, but we’re aiming for an eighty-twenty split.”
“Got it.”
Yen’an hung up again and then called Lin Hanfeng, “I changed my mind, it’s now an eighty-twenty split.”
“Eighty-twenty then, I’ll head over to meet Miss Yan at the hotel right now. Shall we sign the contract immediately?” Lin Hanfeng agreed very readily. Although he wouldn’t lose anything from an eighty-twenty split, he wouldn’t profit much either. But, he didn’t care. He was treating this whole thing as a game, and the pleasure of winning in front of all the magnates was priceless.
Yen’an changed her mind even faster than a rabbit, “No, I mean to say, actually, the split is more like ninety-ten.”
###Chapter 441: Chapter 441 – The Great Tumor; Fights Between Fairies For Her? _1
This woman! Her greed is growing by the day, continuously pushing his limits. If he were to agree, wouldn’t she later demand a ten percent profit cut?
Although Lin Hanfeng wanted to win, he didn’t need to throw away his capital for victory-all. After all, even if he won, he wouldn’t get Ye’s mermaid-themed parks. If that was the prize, he wouldn’t mind making a loss.
“Goodbye.” Lin Hanfeng hung up boldly, the young master was no longer at her service.
With no mood left to play, Lin Hanfeng gave Ye Xingguang a call.
The moment Ye Xingguang picked up, Lin Hanfeng’s enthusiastic voice sounded through the caller, “My little fate, congratulations, congratulations, you fell in love so quickly.”
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, “When did I get pregnant?”
“Are you pretending, feeling uneasy because of the early pregnancy? The crazy wife-spoiler Ye Junqing personally went to the noisy vegetable market to buy you sweet and sour radish. He said that after you got pregnant, your taste changed, and you could only stimulate your appetite by eating pickled radishes from that place.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!! ”
However, she smirked a little; the tumor went to the market to buy sweet and sour radish for her? Didn’t he ask the bodyguard to buy it?
Imagining Ye Junqing, dressed in a suit and leather shoes, entering the vegetable market, Ye Xingguang felt as if she was immersed in honey, her voice full of pleasure: “Fate brother, how do you know? Are you also in R city?”
“Your husband and I are in R city competing for the rights to a brand new eye mask. Your husband is amazing; the second son of the Perrys and your husband had made a bet. If the second son gets the rights to the eye mask, your husband has to give him all of the mermaid-themed parks. If your husband gets the rights, he can ask for any wager. Can you guess what your husband replied?”
“Eye mask, which eye mask?” Would it be the one Yen’an has?
Ye Xingguang wasn’t so sure.noveldrama
Lin Hanfeng said: “Check the trending section, the #1 amazing eye mask. That’s not the point; the main point is how your husband responded. Don’t you want to know?”
“What was his response? I can’t figure it out, Fate brother, can you tell me?”
Lin Hanfeng chuckled, “Your husband straightforwardly said, ‘Sure, if I win, I don’t want anything from you, but from now on, whenever you see me, you’ve gotta kneel down and call me dad.'”
“Pfft,” Ye Xingguang couldn’t hold back a smile, and curiously asked, “Why did he involve me?”
Lin Hanfeng explained, “Because Perry’s second eldest son was trying to provoke your husband by bringing you into this. He said, ‘What, dare not bet? Is there anything Ye Junqing can’t afford? I thought, since Ye Junqing got the lucky carp girl’s favor, he would be unbeatable in any play. Turns out the carp girl’s fortune can not ensure your success all the way?'”
Lin Hanfeng continued: “Those were his exact words. Your husband wasn’t pleased, so he responded to the sentence I mentioned before.”
Lin Hanfeng went on, “Things are going to be fun now, like a quarrel among immortals, and the woman with this product will laugh her head off.”
Darn, so this is happening. No wonder Yen’an got the cooperation offer that dropped from the sky. So it wasn’t a scam, but the big tumor fighting for her?
“Fate brother, I have some important things to do, so I’ll have to hang up now. Thanks for calling and letting me know.”
Ye Xingguang was in a hurry to call Yen’an, to ask Yen’an to support her big tumor.
###Chapter 442: Chapter 442: He Can Only Tie Me to His Waistband!_1
When Yen’an got the call, he said, “Oh my, Little Nine, are you clairvoyant? How did you know that those two scam calls were from the CEO of the Perrys and the CEO of Ye’s Family? Let me tell you, the CEO of the Perrys came to see me in person, saying he was willing not only to offer ten times whatever Ye’s Family offered, but also whatever other conditions I had…”
“Don’t accept his offer!” Ye Xingguang detected hesitation in Yen’an’s tone.
“Why not? The CEO of the Perrys has personally discussed this with me, and the contract is ready to be signed, I’m sure it’s not a scam.”
“Just don’t agree to anything yet, wait for me to come to R City and meet you.”
“What for?”
“To bring luck to my man! If you finish the deal before I get to R City, our friendship will be over.”
Yen’an quickly warned: “Don’t! There are others around me! You’ve always wanted to not expose your identity, right?”
But Ye Xingguang planned to stand up for the major tumor, and let the Perrys’ Junior kneel in front of Mr. Ye, begging for mercy!
“People who haven’t seen me for many years, I’ve changed a lot — significantly different from when I was 12 to 22, especially since I deliberately put on makeup every day.”
After speaking, Ye Xingguang hung up the phone. To ensure things went smoothly, an idea popped into her head, and she dialed Fu Zhuo: “Mr. Fu, are you in R City?”noveldrama
Fu Zhuo, extremely frustrated, replied, “I’m in the toilet!”
Oh, haha, still in the toilet?
She thought the punishment was just a slap on the wrist. Who would have thought he was still suffering from it?
Ye Xingguang said, “Well, you take your time, I’ll hang up first.”
“Wait… Madam, have you been speaking well of me in front of Mr. Ye? I must tell you, Mr. Ye is currently on a business trip to another city, and while he may be intelligent, when it comes to daily life, he’s absolutely helpless — without me by his side to take care of his daily needs, he probably can’t even find his briefs, so please, let Mr. Ye tie me to his belt?”
She can find his briefs if he can’t, right?
Only she can ever be tied to his belt!
Jealousy filled Ye Xingguang’s mouth. However, she really needed Fu Zhuo’s help: “Your disguise skills seem great, can you change my face completely? If you can, I’ll plead for you.”
Fu Zhuo felt excited, Ms. Ye had finally given him a chance to prove himself: “Yes, who do you want to disguise as?”
“I am going to R City to see him. If you don’t want to continue your toilet duties, get me a plane immediately. See you at the airport. I just checked, the earliest flight to R City is tomorrow afternoon, annoying as hell. Do you have a way for me to reach R City tonight?”
Fu Zhuo immediately dropped the mop: “Madam, leave it to me, rest assured.”
…
Upon arriving at the airport, Fu Zhuo was unexpectedly faster. The Ye family had multiple private jets, and Fu Zhuo directly arranged a small private jet for her. The two quickly boarded the plane and set off for R City.
On the plane, Fu Zhuo got to work with his skillful hands.
Ye Xingguang stared at her face in the mirror, not even recognizing herself, absolutely satisfied: “Mr. Fu, could you teach me this technique later?”
Fu Zhuo boasted, “As long as you can convince Mr. Ye to relieve me of my toilet cleaning duties, I promise to guide you until you master this art of disguise. Madam, if you were to meet Mr. Ye with this face, I assure you, he won’t recognize you.”
###Chapter 443: Chapter 443: Sir, do you need someone by your pillow?_1
Ye Xingguang playfully said, “Haha, is that so? I also think that in this disguise, he won’t be able to recognize me. I wonder if I knocked on his door in the middle of the night this way, would he open it for me?”
Fu Zhuo suddenly felt apprehensive, “My lady, what are you trying to do? Let me tell you, Mr. Qing has always been a man of integrity. No matter how much they try to woe him during business trips with women to achieve some purpose, he has always dismissed it with contempt.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang heard something else in his words, “So when he’s on business trips, there are often people trying to seduce him with women?”
Fu Zhuo’s temples throbbed as he adamantly denied, “Mr. Qing has always been indifferent to women. If you don’t believe me, try it tonight. I guarantee that Mr. Qing will not spare you a glance. Mr. Qing has only you in his heart right now, this I can swear to God. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have asked me to clean the toilets for your sake after so many years of friendship.”
Really?
After their plane landed in R City, they took a car to the hotel where Ye Junqing was staying. It was ten at night when Ye Xingguang decided to go knock on his door for real.
Ye Junqing had just taken a bath and was preparing to sleep when there was a knock on the door. Thinking it was someone from his team, he opened it, only to find a young woman standing outside the door, who immediately threw herself at him.
Her two hands clung to his neck, one leg hooked around his waist, and she looked up at him playfully, “Sir, are you in need of someone by your side tonight?”
Fu Zhuo, who also disguised himself, was standing behind her. He could almost predict that in the next second the lady would be pushed away by Mr. Qing. But still, he forced himself to say, “Mr. Ye, this lady was sent by our boss, Mr. Lin. Please accept her.”
This “Mr. Lin” naturally referred to Lin Hanfeng.
In Ye Junqing’s cold eyes, a murderous intent instantly pooled. Just when he was about to pry off the woman’s hands clinging to his neck, he suddenly smelled a familiar scent. Was he mistaken, or was there actually a mysterious woman who smelled just like Little Fish Tail?
Now that Ye Xingguang was made up to look enchanting and pitiful, she pleaded, “Sir, Lin said that if I can’t satisfy you tonight, I will lose my job tomorrow. You know, in this line of work, youth is a person’s livelihood, so it’s truly not easy. Can’t you just accept me tonight? Hmm?”
The last “hmm” was spoken with a turning intonation that was devastatingly seductive to men.
As she spoke, her finger traced over his heart, gliding over the sexy lines of his abdomen, “Sir, I am very obedient and promise to not cause any trouble.”
Fu Zhuo, who stood behind them, wanted to cover his face, seeing this woman had the potential to be really good at this kind of thing. The seductive air about her had even forced him to swallow.
But Fu Zhuo firmly believed that Mr. Qing would never be tempted. Even before this woman appeared, Mr. Qing had always led a clean life. Fu Zhuo was ready to catch Ye Xingguang when she got tossed out.
However, instead of pushing her away, Ye Junqing lowered his head and stared intently into her eyes.
Even through the eyeliner transforming her charming eyes into click-bait ones, Ye Junqing couldn’t mistake them. These eyes belonged to Little Fish Tail. His gaze then landed on a slight redness on her collarbone.
Wasn’t the red spot something he left on Little Fish Tail’s body the night before?
Feeling ecstatic, he realized this naughty girl had come all the way to R city, just because she missed a bedtime companion that much.
The next second, Ye Junqing pulled her into the room, leaving Fu Zhuo with a sentence, “Pass a message to Lin Hanfeng for me, I’ll keep this present.”
[An Ying: Ah, ah, ah, Fu Zhuo’s going to be in for a shock. Requesting monthly tickets, recommendation tickets, red beans, and support, it will be updated early tomorrow morning.]
###Chapter 444: Chapter 444 True Love, Really Love_1
Fu Zhuo hadn’t reacted yet when with a loud “bang”, the bedroom door was locked from the inside. He stood there stupefied. This wasn’t like Yun at all. How could he possibly accept the gift at this moment? Had he ill-intentioned good deeds again?
It’s over!
Fu Zhuo felt that he might not just have to be in charge of the bathroom for one year, but for two. How did he become such a hapless man?
Ye Xingguang, who had been led into the guest room, was also taken aback. Wasn’t it said that one should have self-discipline and not indulge in lust?
This was completely different from what Fu Zhuo had said. How could the big jerk accept another woman? Her heart was not at peace in an instant.
Before she was even brought to the huge bed in the guest room, an emotional Ye Xingguang angrily pushed away Yun and reverted to her usual voice, indignantly saying, “Yun, you bastard!”
“Hm, in what way am I a bastard? Weren’t you the one who willingly offered to be my side companion?”
Yun forcefully pulled the retreating fishtail into his arms, enveloping her. He lowered his head, desiring a reward of love. His heart immensely pleased.
Ye Xingguang’s head darted from left to right, not giving him the opportunity he wanted. Her voice was full of regret, “I didn’t expect you to be like this during your business trips. Aren’t you afraid of getting sick?”
“You’re not clean? Do you want me to get you a tank of water so you can wash up?” Yun’s dominant actions firmly held her in his arms, not allowing her to escape. Little mischief, daring to test his patience with such a matter. Now that the result is out, she’s feeling wronged?
“Let go of me, I regret it. I don’t want to be your companion.”
Indeed, surprises often turn into shocks in the end. Men really can’t withstand tests. Why did she torment herself this way?
Yun, holding her chin with two fingers, not allowing her to evade, insisted on rewarding her with love…
After he had his way, he pulled her to the single sofa in front of the floor-to-ceiling window, encircling her as they sat on the couch. His low, magnetic voice wormed its way into her ears, “Rushed all the way from the capital, couldn’t sleep alone at night?”
Uh…
Ye Xingguang, who was being emotional, paused in surprise, “You know who I am?”
“The naive young girl who acts all high and mighty but ends up feeling wronged?” Yun’s assessment was filled with affection.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
One second she was feeling aggrieved, the next she was dumbfounding!!!
She touched her own face, “How did you recognize me? That’s not scientific. Even I can’t recognize myself.”
Yun’s index finger pointed at the reddish spot on her collarbone, “Here…I left this mark last night.”
Ye Xingguang looked down, she could not even see her own collarbone, but it brightened her mood. She snootily said, “Who acted like that? Fu Zhuo said that you absolutely would not recognize me in this guise, I just wanted to test it, and I didn’t expect…huh.”
After she huffed, the corners of her mouth rose sweetly.
Upon hearing Fu Zhuo’s name, Yun’s good mood soared and his face tensed up, “Fu Zhuo is here too?”
“You didn’t notice Fu Zhuo?”noveldrama
“Where?”
“Haha, that was him just now.”
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door from outside, “thump, thump, thump!”
Fu Zhuo felt that he must prevent Yun from making a mistake. He was knocking on the door so hard it felt like there was an earthquake, but instead of getting the couple inside to open the door, he woke up Xiao Yun from the neighboring room.
“Fu Zhuo, what are you doing here?” Xiao Yun recognized Fu Zhuo at once, not by looks, but by his silhouette and voice.
###Chapter 445: Chapter 445 Suppress the Laughter, Hold On, Do Not Be Arrogant!_1
Fu Zhuo’s expression instantly cracked, “Xiao Yun, how did you recognize me?”
Xiao Yun remained silent, he had just taken a shower, a bath towel wrapped around his waist, with water still hadn’t dried on him. As water droplets followed his muscular lines downward, Fu Zhuo, being a man, couldn’t help but compare his own abs to Xiao Yun’s.
Fu Zhuo, who normally worked within a mundane office, stood no chance in the abs comparison, which made him feel embarrassed, but he could not help stealing several glances nonetheless.
Xiao Yun noticed where Fu Zhuo’s gaze rested, idly drying his hair with a towel leaning against the door, “It’s not important how I recognized you. What’s important is why you’re here. Aren’t you afraid of upsetting Mr. Qing yet again?”
“Brother, here’s the thing…”
Fu Zhuo anxiously explained the situation from beginning to end, saying urgently, “This is serious trouble! Please go in there and stop Mr. Qing from doing something foolish, or else I’ll be the one who suffers!”
Xiao Yun carelessly wiped his hair and pondered for a moment, “Mr. Qing probably recognized Miss Ye.”
“Really?” Fu Zhuo felt as if he had just seen the dawn.
Xiao Yun said, “Considering Mr. Qing’s disposition, he would never allow a woman to enter his room unless he recognized Miss Ye. Where are you staying tonight? I have an extra bed, want to share?”
“So, did Mr. Qing recognize me too?”
However, Ye Junqing told Ye Xinguang, “Oh, I didn’t recognize him.”
“You’re with each other every day and you couldn’t recognize him. We have only recently reunited after two months and you immediately recognized me?”
Ye Junqing lowered his head and asked her, “Is there a problem? Fu Zhuo isn’t my girlfriend and doesn’t bear my exclusive mark.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
She choked back her laughter. “Suppress the pride!”
At that moment, Ye Junqing’s pocket phone rang. The playful voice of Harry Perry, accompanied by laughter, came from the phone, “Mr. Qing, I have prepared the deed transfer contract for all the mermaid-themed parks under the Ye Group. Third-floor bar in the hotel, I’ll be waiting for you to sign.”
That cheerful, arrogant tone…
Ye Junqing frowned, did he already get the partnership of the near-sighted mermaid mask?
“Abide by the bet, hurry up, I will only wait for you for ten minutes.”
Harry Perry hung up after speaking.
Ye Xingguang, sitting in his arms, saw his face darken, “What, you’re in trouble?”
“Well.”noveldrama
If Harry Perry really got the partnership, then he could only resort to the second plan, which was to stagnate the cooperation between Yen’an and Harry Perry. If Yen’an could not appreciate his kindness, there would be no need to be gentle.
Ye Junqing patted her shoulder and said, “I’m stepping out for a bit. You take a shower in the room and remove your makeup. I don’t want to see this unfamiliar face when I return. It’s too unattractive.”
On a normal day, she could make herself look a bit more ordinary and he could tolerate it. But now, with her disguised to look completely different, Ye Junqing found himself unable to feel love towards such an unfamiliar face, especially on a night when they were meant to sleep together.
“Where are you going? I want to come with you.”
“Business. Be good, go take a bath.”
But Ye Xingguang was disobedient and insisted on tangling herself with him.
Left with no choice, Ye Junqing wrapped his arm around her waist and brought her to the little bar on the hotel’s third floor.
Even though it was nearly eleven o’clock, the little bar on the third floor was bustling. Many guests enjoyed the glory of the night within the bar, and the resident guitarist created a relaxed and romantic atmosphere.
With one sweep of his gaze, Ye Junqing found a table made for several people.
Harry Perry was sitting there arrogantly, laughing with the other big shots who had joined him for the meal. Apparently, Harry Perry notified not only himself but also everyone at the dinner table to witness his loss.
###Chapter 446: Chapter 446: It’s 50-50, or I’ll Blacklist You Any Minute!_1
At first glance, Ye Xingguang saw Yen’an sitting amongst the men, dressed in a seductive strapless dress, tidying her hair on the chair. Every gesture she made radiated an allure that for any man, would have been the deadliest poison.
Lin Hanfeng was taken aback upon seeing Ye Junqing walking over with a woman he did not recognize. “Mr. Junqing, such a womanizer … no wonder you lost to the younger Perry. So you’ve been spending all your time with women?”
Ye Junqing ignored him, pulled Ye Xingguang down to sit, and softly spoke to her, his eyes filled with doting affection. “What would you like to drink?”
Ye Xingguang shook her head, took her phone out as soon as she sat down, and said, “I’ll play on my phone. You do what you need to.”
Yen’an was right there, but she pulled out her phone and texted her: [What’s going on? You know we weren’t supposed to finalize a business partner until I arrived. Did you choose the Perrys?]
Yen’an also took out her phone: [Oh, Little Nine, you have no idea how great the terms Harry Perry offered us. We hit the jackpot this time. Get ready to worship me.]
Ye Xingguang glanced up and looked at Yen’an, her eyes full of excitement: [Worship you? Don’t you know who Ye Junqing, the CEO of Ye Corporation, is to me? Do you know what the CEO of the Perrys said to me today?]
Yen’an subconsciously looked up at Ye Junqing, then continued texting: [Who is he to you?]
Ye Xingguang raised her eyes, squinting at Yen’an: [He’s my man! You don’t show respect for my man, instead you show respect to the man who provokes my man. We’re through! I’m going to block you!]
What?noveldrama
Yen’an abruptly looked up at Ye Junqing again, only to find that the girl sitting next to him was giving her a look of termination. Yen’an was taken aback and quickly texted: [Are you Little Nine?]
While texting “Yes” on WeChat, Ye Xingguang raised her head and again gave Yen’an a terminating look.
Yen’an: !!!
Really Little Nine, did she disguise herself?
Ye Xingguang: [If you don’t cooperate with Ye Corporation tonight, forget about being friends. I’ll block you in a minute!]
Ye Xingguang: [As part of the cooperation with Ye Corporation, I’m offering you the naming rights for free, but the profits have to be split fifty-fifty. If not, I’ll block you immediately!]
Ye Xingguang: [Whether we can still be friends depends on your performance tonight!]
Ye Xingguang typed at an impressive speed; after sending these three messages, she seized her phone and tucked it back into her pocket, sitting quietly next to Ye Junqing like a good girl.
Harry Perry was in high spirits at the time, all his pent-up frustrations were about to be vent. “I invited everyone over tonight to announce that Ms. Yen’an and I have reached a cooperation agreement. I apologise for having you come in vain. Tonight, the bill’s on me.”
“Harry Perry, you didn’t agree to a 90-10 split, did you?” Lin Hanfeng was annoyed that the lucrative opportunity he had eyed was taken away by Harry Perry.
Harry Perry responded with a smug grin, raising his wine glass in satisfaction: “It’s a trade secret, I can’t disclose it. As for the bet we made, you were all witnesses. I hope that after Ms. Yen’an and I sign the contract, you can all bear witness and have Mr. Junqing honour his lost bet.”
Although everyone in the booth were quite disgruntled, it was Ye Junqing who was the most upset. The misery of others somehow made his heart feel lighter.
Harry Perry raised his glass towards Ye Junqing: “Mr. Junqing, the matter of you becoming your woman’s father, I’m afraid, can only be fulfilled in your dreams.”
###Chapter 447: Chapter 447 The Male Empress in Xiao Jiu’s Heart!_1
Ye Xingguang was about to speak when he picked up the cocktail brought over by the waiter and gave Harry Perry, who was arrogantly charming, a little toast saying, “Really now, Mr. Perry, isn’t it a bit premature of you to say that? Have you already secured the rights to the cooperation?”
Seeing his fiercely protective wife, Ye Xingguang dropped his gaze and swallowed back his words, allowing her to provoke Harry Perry.
Harry Perry didn’t even glance at Ye Xingguang, let alone respond to her. Given his status, there was no way he could regard the temporary female companion at Ye Xingguang’s side. Instead, he smirked, “Master Ye, the woman you brought doesn’t seem to understand the rules.”
“Really? I didn’t notice her not following any rules.”
Lin Hanfeng didn’t want to hear their endless chatter, and yawningly said, “Can we get on with it, I still need to go back to sleep. Miss Yen’an, how did you manage to single out Perry Corp from so many corporations? Did Perry Corp give you extra money?”
“Who said I chose Perry Corp?” Yen’an was in a terribly bad mood. She couldn’t even eat the meat that was right at her mouth!!
But Hera was the queen, even if she wasn’t willing to ascend the throne, she was still a universally recognized queen. How could she disobey the queen’s order?noveldrama
So, her tone was super bad when she spoke.
The originally unenthusiastic crowd all shifted their gaze onto Yen’an, the troublesome lady. Lin Hanfeng chuckled, “So you didn’t choose Perry Corp at all, then why on earth is Harry Perry here getting all excited? I thought you had already settled her.”
The smirk on Harry Perry’s face froze as he stared at Yen’an with a dangerous gleam in his eyes, “Miss Yen’an, don’t you think your joke is a bit over the top?”
“Who’s joking? Mr. Ye, can we sign the contract now?”
Yen’an wasn’t scared of these honchos. She was just afraid that Hera would get upset with her. It turned out that the CEO of Ye Corp was the one who had stolen Hera’s heart and made the sacred tree bloom, he was the male queen in Hera’s heart!
At these words, not only Harry Perry was speechless, but everybody else who was ready to watch Ye Xingguang’s drama also turned their gaze on him. My goodness, the one who finally won over Yen’an was Ye Xingguang, what a quick twist of fate.
At this, Lin Hanfeng snorted, “What were you excited about, Perry? You’ve been excited all along, and it turns out you’re not the man. What were you even celebrating?”
Harry Perry’s face darken quickly, even he hadn’t expected that Yen’an, who he thought he had secured, would stab him in the back.
Harry Perry was not someone to be easily trifled with. His voice held a serious warning, “Miss Yen’an, are you sure you want to cooperate with Ye Corp? Whatever conditions Ye Corp gives you, I’ll double it. You still have time to change your mind!”
Yen’an completely ignored his threat, and confidently said, “Of course, I’m sure. Ye Corp didn’t offer me any attractive conditions, but I believe that only Ye Corp is capable of promoting this product and benefiting the society. Mr. Ye, we split 50-50, we can sign the contract now.”
Lin Hanfeng exploded, “50-50, are you kidding? Ye Xingguang, I suspect you’ve used unfair means of competition. Everyone here has given a lower bid than you, so why would you be the one to get the contract in the end?”
The most infuriated person was Harry Perry. Were Yen’an and Ye Xingguang in cahoots from the start, just playing him for a fool?
However, Ye Xingguang himself was completely: “…”
[An Yi: Goodnight, see you tomorrow. Please vote, recommend, gift beans, and support~~~]
###Chapter 448: Chapter 448: Does Miss Ye really have a prosperous husband constitution? _1
Ye Xingguang leaned against his own malignant tumor and asked, “Why wouldn’t it be the case? I’m sure it’s because I possess the amazing luck of the Carp Girl. Don’t you think so, Master Qing?”
Even though Ye Junqing, who’s always calm and composed, knew there was more to this than he understood, he gripped his poker face at this moment. His stern face broke into a deep and inscrutable smile, “The state has given me this little lucky star, everything naturally goes smoothly for me. Harry Perry, my thanks to you.”noveldrama
“Pfftt… Harry Perry, hahaha…” Lin Hanfeng almost rolled on the floor laughing.
Harry Perry’s face was indescribable. He glanced at Yen’an, murderous intent flaring in his eyes. He abruptly stood up and left.
But Lin Hanfeng was relentless, shouting at his retreating figure: “Harry Perry, I am your witness. The next time you meet the Carp Girl, remember to kneel down and call me daddy.”
The Carp Girl in person thought: damn, even after my face-change surgery I can’t command Harry Perry to kneel before me and call me daddy. This sucks!
The other big shots were originally invited by Harry Perry to see Ye Junqing cede all the rights to the mermaid-themed parks. But things didn’t go as they expected, their expressions fluctuated, not knowing how to react.
But, out of respect for Ye Junqing, everyone raised their glasses in congratulations to him.
Ye Junqing accepted their congratulations, one by one, and waited until the small bar was empty before he turned to his wife, the lucky charm, and asked in a meaningful tone, “What’s going on?”
“What do you mean ‘What’s going on?’?” Ye Xingguang pretended not to understand and sat there, eating the fruit salad the waiter served.
Ye Junqing raised his hand and lovingly rubbed her head twice.
He had already called Fu Zhuo to prepare the contract. At that moment, Fu Zhuo, with an unfamiliar face, came over with two printed contracts.
Ye Junqing quickly signed both documents and then pushed them over to Yen’an, who looked annoyed as if she had lost something: “Miss Yen’an, have you made up your mind?”
Now that there was no one else around, Yen’an dropped her act. Clenching her teeth, she picked up the pen and scribbled her name on the contract. After signing, she added: “I’ll give you the formula later. I’ll supply the raw materials for the eye mask. As for production, sales, and promotion, I won’t get involved. Your side will be solely responsible.”
“No problem.”
“Humph, I’m leaving.” Yen’an glanced at her companion sitting on the other side. She held back the urge to give a large hug to Ye Xingguang, who disregarded her own friend for a guy. After signing the contract, she strutted away.
Ye Xingguang took out her phone: “Love you, my dear Yen’an! We’re splitting it 50-50, you won’t get short-changed. I don’t want a penny. Free authorship for you.”
Yen’an glanced at her WeChat message and grinned, ignoring it. In her mind, she felt swindled, believing the terms offered by the CEO of the Lu family were much more lucrative. Despite Ye Xingguang’s fickleness, Yen’an cherished her friendship and was willing to give up the potential profits for their friendship.
After Yen’an left, Ye Junqing held Ye Xingguang’s hands in his own and asked playfully, “Know her?”
“Huh?”
“That Yen’an?” His eyes were sharp and piercing.
Ye Xingguang continued to feign ignorance, acting innocent: “Not really. Oh my, you’re so amazing! So many people were competing against you, offering lower prices than you, yet you still emerged as the winner. Having a lucky charm like me, I can’t help but envy you.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
Fu Zhuo stood aside, intrigued by Ye Xingguang’s words. Could Miss Ye really be a luck-bringer?
###Chapter 449: Chapter 449: How Did You Contract Vampirism? _1 
He went to get the team to quickly print out the contract. When the team learned that Ye Xingguang had managed to land nearsighted eye mask cooperation rights on a fifty-fifty percentage deal, everyone was shocked and couldn’t believe it. They thought he was playing tricks on them. 
Apparently, Miss Yan’s initial offer was a ninety-ten split. Ye Xingguang didn’t agree. Then, after a wager at a dinner party, he shockingly planned to make a loss-making deal with Miss Yan without asking for money. The team was on fire, thinking that Miss Ye is a femme fatale. Who would have thought that in the end, Ye Xingguang secured the collaboration project on a fifty-fifty split? 
Isn’t this Miss Ye bringing good luck to her husband! 
Ha ha, someone who can attract Ye Xingguang’s attention can’t have bad luck. He’ll have to stick with Miss Ye from now on. 
With a cool move, Fu Zhuo opened the “Young Carp Girl’s” Weibo homepage, selected a random post, and commented: @”Young Carp Girl”, I hope you’ll soon be free from your blacklisting and regain your holy favor. Deep bow. 
… 
Half an hour later, Ye Xingguang was scrolling on her phone in bed. Accidentally, she saw Fu Zhuo’s comment and showed it to Ye Xingguang with a laugh, “Why don’t you let Mr. Fu out of the blacklist? Otherwise, my carp blessing can’t show its power. However, he can keep cleaning the toilets for a while.” 
Ye Xingguang, holding up his fish tail wife to sleep, glanced at the comment with a light gaze, snorted, kept silent. He wouldn’t let Fu Zhuo off the hook for a few days, or the guy might play some tricks on him again. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang wanted to learn facial disguise art, reached for his phone, unlocked it using facial recognition, unblacklisted Fu Zhuo, then sent Fu Zhuo a WeChat message saying, “You can now add Ye Xingguang as a WeChat friend, I’ve approved you.” 
Fu Zhuo, who had already lain down, immediately sent out the request. Very quickly, he became a WeChat friend of Ye Xingguang again. 
Fu Zhuo thanked the heavens: “Miss Ye, no, my dear, from now on, you’re my dear. I used to be ignorant of your importance. Here, I apologize. I count on your kind consideration in the future.” 
Ye Xingguang: “As long as you teach me facial disguise art, everything else is up for discussion.” 
Fu Zhuo: “Right, dear, I want to ask you something. What exactly did you and Ye Xingguang go through at sea? Why was Ye Xingguang so terribly injured and diagnosed with vampirism? Ye Xingguang has always been secretive about it, so we brothers have no way to find the original cause of Ye Xingguang’s illness. Only you are the eyewitness. Please tell us?” 
Ye Xingguang nestled in Ye Xingguang’s arms, staring at the WeChat message sent by Fu Zhuo for a long time, without any response. 
She seemed to suddenly understand something, looked up at the man’s clear jawline, guilt filling her heart, “Your old illness, was it because of me that you got it?” 
If it weren’t for Fu Zhuo’s mention, she would never have thought of this. 
Ye Xingguang took away her phone, saying, “It has nothing to do with you.” 
“How can it not be relevant? I’ve always been unaware… After you hid me and lured the pursuers away on your own, what happened? Can you tell me?” 
She felt guilty again: “I just remember, I asked you not to leave, you insisted on leaving, you knocked me out in the end. When I woke up and went to find you, I only found the bodies of the pursuers in a forest. They said you were taken by Geshu Chen. When I found Geshu Chen, Geshu Chen told me, that you were thrown into the sea to feed the fish… Were you badly wounded and dying at that time, then encountered the vampires, were embraced by a vampire, and so barely survived in the end?”
###Chapter 450: Chapter 450: Not Unrelated, Just Time Undetermined_1 
“It’s not what you think.” Ye Junqing didn’t want to recall that episode, and he didn’t want her to feel guilty either. He firmly denied: “After I helped you divert your pursuers, I stumbled upon some adventures. It’s all in the past now. My illness has nothing to do with you.” 
Ye Xingguang’s voice was filled with apology, “How can it not be related? You must not want me to blame myself, so you refuse to admit it. I know it’s like that. You must have been gravely injured and near death, like my father. Unless you were rescued by Chu Yong, it would have been impossible for you to survive. That’s why you chose this path. You have been ill for ten years, refusing to drink blood, and have frequent episodes. I can’t even begin to imagine how you’ve endured through so many nights…” 
Closing her eyes, she could only see the image of Ye Junqing locking himself in a dark room on the third floor, sitting in a chair by a floor-to-ceiling window, silently bearing the agony. Unable to cope, his wrists and ankles would struggle fiercely, leaving red marks… 
Thinking about it made Ye Xingguang’s heart ache. She wrapped her arms around his waist, rested her head against his chest, and silently swore in her heart that she would find a way to repay him. 
No wonder every time he fell ill, she felt such heartache and such a strong desire to care for him. Even when he cursed her to leave, even when he was disgusted by her, she couldn’t control her heart from wanting to cling to him and take care of him. Perhaps subconsciously, she knew that all his suffering was ber her fault, so her subconscious mind was trying to make amends… 
Ye Junqing did not want her to feel guilty. His voice was calm and light: “Actually, my episodes are not that frequent.” 
“Don’t try to comfort me. We’ve been together for only two months, and I know how many times you’ve fallen ill. I understand very clearly.” 
“It is much better than before.” 
He was prone to having episodes when his emotions were unstable. In the past, when he had confined her to his home, their relationship had been utterly hostile. She often stirred him into an episode, those days were torment. Compared to the past, the life he is living now is simply blissful. noveldrama
He could hardly imagine how they ended up in such a situation. It was like a nightmare he couldn’t escape or forget. They hated and hurt each other, both falling together. In the end, they both had to let go and forget each other… 
Ye Xingguang felt even more guilty: “Your episodes are still so frequent, but they’re much better than before? Were your episodes even more frequent before? Why didn’t I meet you sooner? It would have been great if I met you earlier.” 
Foolish girl, the past he spoke of was not this past. It’s not that he hadn’t met her earlier, he had serendipitously discovered her during her first year at college in the imperial city. 
That was six years after they had separated at sea. As his car passed by a third-tier university, he saw her standing and waiting for the green light with a group of students by a traffic light. The breeze blew her long hair, as he saw her tucking her hands into her coat pockets, chatting and laughing with her classmates at the crosswalk. That year, she was eighteen. 
The eighteen-year-old her did differ from the twelve-year-old her. At that time, he just sat quietly in the car, thinking that she was just a girl who somewhat resembled the young girl who had saved him at sea. 
He asked Fu Zhuo to investigate her background. When he learned that she was Ye Xingguang, it was as if he finally confirmed that the little mermaid who had encountered at sea, had inadvertently entered his world. It was the greatest gift heaven had ever bestowed upon him. 
However, the past was too painful to revisit. Ye Junqing laughed it off. Perhaps it was a case of meeting the right person at the wrong time back then. Now, it was the right time to meet the right person.
###Chapter 451: Chapter 451: Do Your Mom and Dad Really Like Me?_1 
Holding her in his arms like this, she not only didn’t reject him, but instead was particularly heartbroken for him, hugging his waist tightly, Ye Junqing felt that even the air transmitted a few strands of a warm feeling. 
“By the way, why couldn’t your parents visit my dad in the hospital today as planned? He was a bit upset about it, saying they stood him up after promising to come. He barraged me with questions on whether your parents actually like me,” she asked. 
Ye Xingguang spoke rather tactfully. Her father revealed his true feelings after waiting for her elder brother and sister-in-law to leave. It was certainly awkward. 
Ye Junqing stayed silent for quite a while, unsure of what was going on. What were his parents up to? 
His silence made Ye Xingguang anxious, “Your parents aren’t calling off our engagement, are they? Did I do something wrong recently, did I upset them somehow?” 
Ye Xingguang thought it over, but she couldn’t recall anything. 
“Don’t overthink it. My mom wasn’t feeling well today, and I wasn’t in the Capital either. When I get back tomorrow, I’ll go with my parents to see ours and we’ll arrange for a meal together. We’ll finalize the marriage then,” he reassured her. 
Ye Xingguang asked anxiously, “What’s wrong with my future mother-in-law? Is she sick? Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” 
Ye Junqing made up an excuse on the spot to calm her down, “You know…women have those days when they don’t feel well.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang accepted the explanation for now: “I see. Let’s wait until next week then. My dad will be discharged from the hospital by then. We can arrange for a meal in a restaurant where your parents and mine can dine together. Otherwise, once my father is discharged, he may return to the island. It’ll be inconvenient to meet in person again.” 
Ye Junqing proposed, “Have you ever considered asking our parents to stay in the Capital in the future? Our father’s condition requires regular dialysis, which would be inconvenient on the island.” 
“It’s okay. There’s a health station on the island where my father does his dialysis, and besides, my parents dislike living in the city. When I was young and there were no schools on the island, the villagers suggested to my father, for my sake and education, to move to the city. But he refused, preferring to buy textbooks and teach me at home. I don’t want to ask them to stay in the Capital just for my convenience. That would be too selfish.” 
“Staying in the Capital might give us a better chance of finding a suitable kidney donor for a future transplant, then he wouldn’t need daily dialysis. I’ll get someone to help find it.” 
“Yes, your family has more resources, you might just be able to find the kidney source. Thank you, otherwise, I could only wait for Dr. Bo’s medical team to develop an artificial kidney, but who knows how long that will take.” She felt that all the money she had invested in Dr. Bo’s team was a waste. 
Just as they were discussing this, her phone rang. She glanced at it, it was Bo Jingyu. 
“Hello, Dr. Bo.” 
“How has your father’s health been these days?” Bo Jingyu asked her over the phone. 
“He has stabilized a lot, the doctors in the Capital say he can be discharged in a week or so.” 
“If so, then I’ll come to the Capital in three days. I’ll ask your father directly if he’s willing to try, and if he is, I’ll arrange for him to have the artificial kidney transplant surgery.” 
“What did you say?” Ye Xingguang was so excited she almost jumped out of the bed: “Dr. Bo, do you mean the artificial kidney is ready for surgery?” 
Bo Jingyu chuckled softly on the phone: “I can’t let you waste your money endlessly. I hope the surgery is successful and that your father can recover. I’ll see you in three days.”
###Chapter 452: Chapter 452 High Energy Warning Ahead_1 
Three days later, Dr. Fu arrived in the capital city, not only did Bo Jingyu come, but he also brought a top-tier magician surgeon who he said was very hard to summon. 
His title “top-tier magician” arose because no matter how complex the operation, as long as he held the scalpel, there was no failure. 
It was said that he wasn’t in the medical profession, his identity remained a mystery, and most people have likely never heard of him, much less requesting him to perform surgeries. However, Bo Jingyu, who often participated in world-class medical conferences, was fortunate to invite him this time; it was a case of serendipity. 
In the small villa of the hospital, after Bo Jingyu consulted with Song Chuanqi and he agreed to accept the artificial kidney bone marrow transplant, Dr. Bo summoned the top magician surgeon and introduced him. 
The moment this acclaimed surgeon entered Song Chuanqi’s ward, he went straight to the couch and sprawled out, grabbed an air conditioning blanket, and carelessly threw it over himself. He was utterly at ease, his long legs resting on the arm of the couch, and gave a small shake. 
Bo Jingyu seemed unperturbed by his bleary-eyed, laid-back demeanor and introduced him more formally: noveldrama
“This is Mr. Li Yu. Even though he seems perpetually sleepy, his hands are recognized by his colleagues in the medical field as those of a top-tier magician. Mr. Li Yu, upon learning that I was going to perform an artificial kidney bone marrow transplant for Mr. Song, personally called me, offering to be the lead surgeon. With Mr. Li Yu as the prime surgeon, it’ll certainly be safer than me leading the operation, so this time, I will only be his assistant.” 
Ye Xingguang stood aside, looking at the young man lounging lazily on the couch. The name Li Yu felt so familiar. Uncle Li’s son on the island was also named Li Yu. Could they be the same person? 
Ye Xingguang wasn’t completely sure and approached the couch to courteously greet him: “Dr. Li, thank you for agreeing to perform the surgery on my father.” 
“I’m not a doctor, call me Bro!” The familiar, lazy voice rang out. 
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, quickly removed the sunglasses from Li Yu’s face, and there he was, a face she knew all too well. His striking features, pale skin, lashes longer and thicker than any girl’s, and his constant sleepy demeanor; wasn’t this Li Yu, who grew up next door with Uncle Li? That Li Yu she grew up with? 
The only difference was, after years without sight of him, he had become even more handsome, taller, his features sharper. Such a sleeping beauty lying on the couch, what woman could resist his charm? 
Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu also recognized Li Yu: “Little Yu?” 
Dr. Bo was a bit surprised: “So, you guys know each other?” 
Ye Xingguang was very excited: “Yes, we grew up together! He’s the son of Uncle Li who lives next door. He ran away from home in a huff when he and Uncle Li didn’t get along. So, I haven’t seen Brother Yu in several years. When did you become a doctor, Brother Yu?” 
“Stop bothering me, I’m trying to sleep!” Li Yu, appearing as if he hasn’t slept in lifetimes, sank into the soft sofa. 
Ye Xingguang glared at him indignantly, smacked him hard, and said: “Have you been out thieving last night? To be this sleepy in broad daylight?” 
Li Yu naturally ignored her, just crossing his arms and squinting in a relaxed way. That languid expression, from a woman’s perspective, was simply a deadly temptation. A female nurse standing nearby was taking Song Chuanqi’s blood pressure and blushed when she caught sight of him.
###Chapter 453: Chapter 453: Yes, we got the license!_1
Dr. Bo suddenly realized: “So you’re neighbors, it’s no wonder Mr. Li Yu personally called me, asking to operate on Mr. Song. Since you know each other, there’s no need for more introductions. Although Mr. Li Yu isn’t a doctor, he possesses magical surgical hands that even experienced surgeons lack. Trust me, you can’t go wrong with letting Mr. Li Yu do the surgery.”
Song Chuan Qi and Bai Lan Wu were somewhat skeptical. They had never heard of Li Yu studying medicine.
But, they also believed Dr. Bo wouldn’t jest about something as serious as surgery. Could it be, he’d been studying medicine while he was away from home all those years? They would have to inquire with Old Li about this later.
At the end of the introductions, Dr. Bo states, “Since you already know each other, I won’t disturb your reunion. Before the surgery, I will arrange a medical examination for Mr. Song to ensure his body can withstand the operation. Then, I’ll schedule the surgery.”
“Dr. Bo, allow me to walk you out.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang escorts Bo Jingyu to the door, just as Ye Junqing comes home from work.
Ye Xingguang immediately rushes over, clinging to his arm. “I have great news, my father can truly undergo surgery. Let me introduce you to someone, the person performing the surgery is someone I know.”
“Who is it?” Ye Junqing asks casually.
“I’ll take you in, let me introduce you.”
Ye Junqing nods, walks inside and sees Li Yu sleeping on the couch. His nonchalant expression quickly frosts over. Ye Xingguang can feel the sudden drop in surrounding temperature and can’t stop shivering from the icy cold.
Ye Junqing feels even worse. The man lying on the couch is the last person he’d fail to recognize, even as a ghost!
This is his greatest love rival who once stole Xiao Yuxiu from him!!!!
After letting go of Xiao Yuxiu, the adulterous couple reportedly went to get their marriage certificate!!!
That’s right, they got married!
His Xiao Yuxiu ended up being someone else’s bride!
He almost pulls out a gun right then and there, riddling the adulterous man with bullets, reducing him to fish feed, then feeding the fish to the field as fertilizer… How else should he torment him so that Li Yu can’t threaten him again!
What Ye Xingguang, who is happily introducing him, doesn’t realize, is that Ye Junqing is already contemplating a thousand ways to kill Li Yu.
“This guy is Li Yu, Uncle Li’s son from next door. According to Dr. Bo, he has hands of magic that outdo even the most experienced surgeons. I don’t know whether that’s true or false, he walked in and fell straight asleep on the couch. He’s practically a pig.”
Although Li Yu has his eyes closed, he’s not necessarily oblivious to Ye Xingguang’s complaints. He lazily lifts his eyelids and throws Ye Junqing a fleeting glance, a smirk playing on his lips, before he closes them again. He turns around to face the back of the couch and continues his slumber.
That smirking glance was a silent challenge. To Ye Junqing, it was a provocation. His fingers tense up, thoughts racing in his head about how he could silently murder this man without suspicion.
Otherwise, he would always be insecure, always fear that Xiao Yuxiu may leave him again, becoming someone else’s bride.
Unaware of everything, Ye Xingguang asks him, “Are you okay? You’re not feeling well, your face is so pale, old ailments acting up again?”
###Chapter 454: Chapter 454 – This Guy Is Not Sick, Tackle Him! _1
After speaking, she tried to touch his forehead with her hand to see if he was cold. But before her hand could make contact, it was wrapped by the man’s large palm. Lowering his head, Ye Junqing looked pained, “Yes, it’s difficult.”
The difficulty was the insecurity and uncertainty inside his heart. What was tormenting him was the fear of loss.
Could he really change his contentious past relationship with Xiaoyuwei to now being mutually affectionate?
At this moment, Ye Junqing suddenly wasn’t very sure.
“Ah? Then I’ll leave with you.” Ye Xingguang thought his old illness had flared up and wanted to accompany him to make a remedy, but she was pulled away by him.
Who expected Li Yu, who had seemingly slept enough for eight lifetimes, to suddenly stretch his long legs, sit up from the sofa, and yawn, “Where is the patient? Let me take his pulse.”
Ye Xingguang said, “Brother Yu, your medical expertise can’t cure this illness. Please go back to sleep, you sleepyhead.”
But Li Yu swiftly stood up, walked over to the two of them without a trace of fear, and reached to take Ye Junqing’s pulse.
Ye Junqing, usually calm and obedient, wanted to embrace Ye Xingguang and leave the room to find a quiet place to calm his disturbed heart. But Li Yu was swift, his hand once again landing on Ye Junqing’s wrist.
Ye Junqing avoided him again, and thus began a dance of avoidance and engagement that went on for a while. Li Yu couldn’t keep his hands steady on Ye Junqing’s wrist, and Ye Junqing was likewise unable to shake his grip.
Ye Xingguang, standing at the side, watched their back-and-forth, looking from one to the other until she got dizzy. She had to hold onto Li Yu’s arm to keep him steady, looking up and saying, “Why don’t you let Brother Yu take a look? Maybe he really can help?”
After all, even Dr. Bo had said that Brother Yu had a magic touch. Maybe, by pure luck, Brother Yu might be able to cure his illness?
No need!” Ye Junqing retorted, his face turning ghastly pale. He twisted Ye Xingguang’s hand, ready to walk out.
He was well-aware of Li Yu’s abilities. Once upon a time, had Li Yu not used his skills to temporarily curb his bloodlust, garnering the support of all his brothers who then coerced him into letting go of Xiaoyuwei?
Back then, Li Yu had publicly declared to cure his disease if he let go of Xiaoyuwei. His parents, brothers, and everyone around him pressured him into letting go of Xiaoyuwei to treat his illness.
Although he and Xiaoyuwei were originally incompatible, he suddenly found himself without any support. That period felt like a siege from within and outside, and recalling it now gave Ye Junqing a splitting headache.
Ye Junqing’s long legs took large strides, but before he could even reach the door, Li Yu’s lazy voice came from behind, “Hey girl, I’ve taken his pulse. He’s not sick, he’s faking it!”
What? He’s not sick?
As Ye Xingguang walked, she stretched herself up to touch his forehead with the back of her hand and found his temperature was normal.noveldrama
A sigh of relief escaped her, “So, you’re not sick, huh? Why were you pretending to be, then? Honestly, you had me worried.”
Ye Junqing’s voice was cold and angry, “Who says I’m not sick? Who is your boyfriend? Should you believe him or me?”
###Chapter 455: Chapter 455: Go Steal the Household Registration Book, Hurry Up _1
“But your forehead feels normal, it’s always cold as ice whenever you get sick…”
Ye Xingguang didn’t finish speaking when Ye Junqing’s heavy voice bombarded her: “Did I say it’s an old illness recurring?”
“Then why do you feel uncomfortable?” She was confused. Why does this man sound so aggressive? As if she has wronged him.
“Heartache!” Ye Junqing spat out these two words viciously, powerfully pressing her hand onto his aching chest, having lost all reason in his voice: “Here it hurts, got it?”
“What happened?”
Ye Junqing didn’t explain. Standing at the villa entrance, his somber face remained silent for a while. After some time, his domineering and irrefutable voice issued a command: “Go ask your mother for the household register. We’re going to the civil affairs bureau to get a marriage certificate right now.”
“Right now?”
“What, you’re not willing? Do you want other women to exploit the opportunity and create a ruckus with their special privilege?”
Ye Xingguang was alarmed, but she looked up at the rays of twilight: “The civil affairs bureau should be closed for the day, right?”
Ye Junqing took out his phone, full of arrogant smugness in his eyes, “Haven’t you heard that money makes the mare go? Go get the household register and ID card now. Once you have the marriage certificate, you can secure ownership of me. If not, there’s always a chance that some vixen will snatch me away, understand? It wouldn’t matter how much regret you had then.”
That could be true, what if Xia Yanyan plays tricks again?
Ye Xingguang, feeling uneasy, immediately went back to her room to ask her mother for the household register.
It seemed her mother had brought the household register with them to the hospital this time.
The man standing at the door with his hands behind finally felt somewhat reassured. He straightened his clothes, then called Fu Zhuo to find a photographer, one who could take a picture for their marriage certificate. He didn’t trust the capabilities of the civil affairs bureau.
Who would have known that before he finished the call, Ye Xingguang came out empty-handed: “My parents said, we need to have the engagement ceremony before getting the marriage certificate, or else, what will we look like? How about we wait a bit? Once your mother’s health improves and our parents meet each other, we can settle down and then get our marriage certificate.”
Ye Junqing: “!!!!!”
“Go steal the household register, hurry.”
Ye Xingguang giggled: “Is there a need to rush? It’s only a few days’ wait. Once your mother’s health improves, it won’t take long, right?”
Rush, why not rush? Don’t you know there’s an imminent threat of a love rival, so any delay could bring changes?
Moreover, what the hell were that old man and old woman thinking telling him that the engagement could be delayed, there was no rush! Of course, they weren’t in a hurry, they weren’t short of daughters-in-law! If he hesitates and the potential bride is snatched away, they wouldn’t be the ones with sleepless nights!
Ye Junqing stood with a darkened face, not wanting to speak. Frowning, he stepped to leave, to go back to his parents!
After taking a few steps, he suddenly remembered that he couldn’t leave Ye Xingguang alone with the sly fox. Turning around, he grabbed her wrist again.
“Where are you going? Brother Yu is here, should we invite him for dinner? He personally called Dr. Bo, saying he’ll perform surgery on my father. I should show some gratitude, so let’s treat him to dinner first.”
“Your mother-in-law has invited you to dinner tonight, and I have already promised.” Ye Junqing found a random excuse: “Are you going to refuse? If you want to refuse, you call her. She’s famous for being a fierce tiger, I dare not stand her up.”noveldrama
[An Ying: Good night, updates will continue in the morning, ask for monthly tickets, recommend, ask for red beans, mwah!]
###Chapter 456: Chapter 456: Who Calls Her Mother?_1
Ye Xingguang was surprised: “I thought your mom had a good temper.”
Ye Junqing lowered his head and glanced at her deeply, his wary eyes were full of drama: “That’s all an act for others to see. I grew up under the shadow of my tiger mom. I have a bad temper, which is hereditary, and was greatly influenced by my mother.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
This man indeed has a bad temper, and it turns out he is self-aware of it.
“Then let’s go back for dinner with your parents first.”
Ye Junqing’s gloomy and depressed expression eventually lightened up slightly.
Half an hour later, Ye Baixiu and Bai Peiluan, who were planning to enjoy a romantic dinner like young people, were confronted with the sight of Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang, who were rarely coming to dine with them: “…….”
Ye Xingguang raised her eyes and questioned Ye Junqing: “Didn’t you say that your mom asked us to come for dinner tonight?”noveldrama
Ye Junqing, whose lie has been exposed, still maintained his composed serious expression: “Exactly, mom, what’s the matter? You called me in the morning, asking me to bring Xingguang over for dinner tonight, and have you forgot about it now, intending to stand your son and daughter-in-law up?”
Bai Peiluan was utterly confused. When did she invite her son and daughter-in-law home for dinner?
But before Bai Peiluan could retort, she slapped her own forehead: “Oh dear, look at my memory. The older I get, the worse my memory becomes. Or, son, Xingguang, why don’t you join us for dinner?”
Thinking about having to bring two extras to their romantic dinner, Bai Peiluan felt resigned. After all, she is the mother.
Moreover, she had been feeling guilty towards her son those days, and his resentful eying only made her more guilty.
Standing aside, Ye Baixiu’s mood was written on his face: Good for nothing, interrupting the candlelit dinner with my wife and still have the nerve to be sulky!
An hour later, the family of four shared dinner together at an elegant Western restaurant in the city.
The soothing music and lovely garden-style layout were particularly suitable for two people to spend a romantic night. But with four people, the romance had to be halved. It was somewhat disappointing, but since the kids were their own, they had to accept the situation.
During dinner, Bai Peiluan held Xingguang’s hand and nervously asked about how things were going back home.
“Xingguang, I haven’t been feeling well lately, and I haven’t visited your parents, they don’t mind, do they?”
Ye Xingguang replied: “No, my parents understand.”
“That’s good.”
Bai Peiluan heaved a sigh of relief: “How has your mother been in recent years? Where do you guys live?”
“She’s fine. Our family lives on an unnamed island. The pace of life on the island is slow, but my parents quite like it.”
Despite Ye Xingguang’s casual answer, Bai Peiluan felt worried: “How long has your father been sick?”
“Ten years?”
“So he’s been going through dialysis every now and then for ten years, and your mother has been taking care of him?”
Ye Xingguang nodded: “Yes.”
Hearing this, Bai Peiluan felt uneasy. Lan Wu had spent most of her life taking care of a sick man on a poor island, this wasn’t the life that a Bai family daughter deserved. Her life should have been that of a wealthy lady on top of the societal pyramid, but…
She stole that away.
In an instant, Bai Peiluan lost her appetite, feeling like she was the wicked woman in TV dramas, taking everything that should have belonged to someone else. Looking at Ye Baixiu, who was cutting her steak, she felt even guiltier, feeling that even her husband was snatched away, because…
###Chapter 457: Chapter 457: So Selfish That I Can’t Let Go of Him_1
She was a substitute bride!
She stood in as the bride for her sister, rising from being nobody to suddenly becoming the reigning lady of the illustrious Ye’s Family, while her sister, who was supposed to have that position, married a sickly man and led a life of poverty on an obscure island. How could this possibly sit well with Bai Peiluan?
The truth is, she is not Bai Peiluan; her real name is Bai Lanwu.noveldrama
In fact, she is the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family. Never acknowledged and never allowed into the spotlight, she had always lived with her mother, her existence unknown to the outside world. It wasn’t until the Bai and Ye families aligned through marriage, and Bai Peiluan ran away from her wedding, that she was called back by the Bai family. She took on Bai Peiluan’s identity and married Ye Baixiu.
An illegitimate daughter who never received any ladylike education, pretending to be Bai Peiluan, a lady renowned for her proficiency in music, chess, calligraphy, and painting, was like walking on thin ice, terrifying even at the memory.
Back then, oblivious to music, chess, calligraphy, and painting, she, as a new bride, obstinately began learning them all. Whether it was due to luck or her determination, every time her skills were questioned, it’s as if she had a protagonist’s halo, overcoming one hurdle after another and always turning danger into safety.
Until now, including Ye Baixiu, no one knew that she was not Bai Peiluan, but actually Bai Lanwu, who had substituted for the bride.
Of course, after studying diligently for many years, no one can question her now, because she has indeed mastered every skill and can now handle anything confidently.
But seeing the real lady of the Bai family that day in the hospital was like a bucket of cold water to the head, reducing her back to her original self.
Bai Peiluan was in turmoil. If Ye Baixiu found out he’d married the wrong person, would he divorce her in a fit of rage?
It wasn’t the riches and glory she craved, but him…
The man who’s always loved her, who’s stuck by her side for half her life, the father of their two exceptional sons. How could she bear to not grow old with him?
Bai Peiluan discovered that her heart was selfish, too selfish to let him go.
What should she do?
She could run but couldn’t hide forever. Now that both their children were together, the parents were bound to meet. When her identity was revealed and the truth came out, what would she do?
Bai Peiluan was in agony. Even the tastiest steak lost its flavor to her.
Ye Xingguang’s gaze kept falling on his parents. As soon as the waiter brought the steak, his father cut it into thin, even slices. After that, he swapped plates with his mother, giving her the sliced steak and eating the steak in front of his mother. She didn’t show any particular gratitude, it seemed she had grown used to this…
The familiarity gave away the fact that this routine had been ingrained over the years. They had been married for more than thirty years and yet, their love was still evident, truly enviable.
People say you should not only observe a man before wedding, also his parents. If a child came from a loving family, he couldn’t be all bad. While she was admiring them, he was copying his father by giving her the sliced steak.
###Chapter 458: Chapter 458 The Giant Pit Son Messed Up_1
Ye Junqing saw her smirking out of the corner of her mouth, not knowing what she was snickering about. In his irritated mood, he broke the brief silence at the dinner table and said, “Dad, you should be free tomorrow, right?”
Ye Baixiu seemed to guess his son’s thoughts and quickly said two words: “No time!”
Ye Junqing: “!!!”
“What’s going on tomorrow?” Ye Junqing’s voice was laced with frustration and anger. For someone retired and usually either fishing with Uncle Zhang or playing chess with Uncle Li, he surprisingly doesn’t have time?
Ye Baixiu said: “The previous encounter with pirates disrupted me and your mother from completing our world travel plan. After taking a break for a few days, we feel regretful. I plan to resume this world travel journey with your mother; we can’t waste the global travel tickets you booked for us.”
Ye Junqing: “!!!”
Bai Pieluan, originally in a muddle, unaware of how to escape the impending predicament, felt as if there was suddenly a glimmer of hope in her despair. With a heartier appetite she asked: “Really? Baixiu, are we going back on our journey tomorrow?”
Ye Baixiu’s voice was deep: “Would you like that? I always feel that since our son has bought tickets for us, if we do not continue the journey, it is a waste of our son’s affection. I’ve contacted the travel agency, they said we can carry on.”
“Of course, there are still many places I want to go to. Shall we set off tomorrow then?”
Bai Pieluan sped up her meal and said, “Baixiu, let’s eat faster. I haven’t packed yet. After we finish our meal, let’s return home and pack.”
This time, it was not only Ye Junqing losing his composure; even Ye Xingguang was stunned. She couldn’t help but kick Ye Junqing under the table.
“The world travel can wait, I can just inform the travel agency. Mom, Dad, it’s been over ten days since Starlight’s father came to the Imperial City for treatment. Don’t you guys want to go to the hospital for a visit? Why don’t we all go together after dinner?” How can Ye Junqing afford his parents to go on a world tour when there’s an imminent crisis?
“What a silly boy, your father and I aren’t prepared for anything. Isn’t it insincere of us to visit Starlight’s parents like this?” Bai Peiluan chided her son guiltily.
Ye Junqing’s face turned extremely gloomy: “What do you need to prepare? Nutritional supplements or fruits, I can call and arrange for them now.”
Ye Xingguang silently nodded in agreement, worried that her parents-in-law’s constant delay in visiting her sick parents might lead them to suspect something was amiss.
Who knew that Bai Peiluan would say: “Of course, we need to pick a lucky day. I’ve checked the lunar calendar, there are no good days coming up.”
“Do we also need to perform a purification ritual for three days?” Ye Junqing was increasingly frustrated.
Even if he was a fool, he could see clearly now. His parents simply did not want to propose the engagement!noveldrama
Ye Baixiu pondered: “Our son is right. Not only should we pick a lucky day, we also have to purify ourselves for three days in advance. This isn’t something we can rush. Starlight, will your parents mind us delaying our visit?”
Ye Xingguang: “….”
How should she respond to that?
If she said yes, wouldn’t that be disrespecting her elders?
Ye Baixiu sighed: “Your mother and I have been married for over thirty years, and I’ve always been busy taking care of the vast Ye Corporation. I’ve never taken her on a world tour before, but it’s always been her wish. Now that I’ve retired and our son has kindly arranged for this trip, your mother was terrified by the encounter with the pirates and we had to cut short the journey. Now that the shock has faded, if we don’t finish the remaining journey, it would seem like life is full of regrets. We are both old, and who knows how many years we have left? If we miss this world tour, perhaps we may never have the chance again in this lifetime….”
###Chapter 459: Chapter 459 – If You Have the Backing of a Country, What’s There to Fear?_1
Ye Junqing couldn’t stand it anymore and interrupted his dad’s self-pitying speech, “Dad, are you done? Are you going to visit Starlight’s parents at the hospital or not? Just give it to me straight and stop bullshitting me. I’m not stupid, and neither is Starlight. You’ve repeatedly claimed that you only accept Starlight as your daughter-in-law, is this how you repay her kindness for saving my life?”
Seeing their parents silent, merely bowing their heads, and unwilling to look at him, Ye Junqing felt his anger rising.
He suddenly stood up, grasped Ye Xingguang’s wrist, and said, “Let’s go!”
“But I haven’t finished eating…”
Ye Xingguang was hurt from the unfairness of the situation. She wasn’t stupid; she could tell that her in-laws were making excuses not to visit her parents, and it felt terrible.
“What are you eating? Is this steak even as good as what I make? If you keep eating, you’ll explode from anger. And instead of being his son, it would seem like I was picked up from a trash heap!”
Ye Xingguang felt it was disrespectful to talk to her parents in this way, but Ye Junqing wouldn’t suppress his feelings any longer. He led her out of the restaurant, and shockingly, his parents didn’t protest. Their heads merely bowed, allowing them to leave.
After the two left, Bai Peiluan couldn’t help feeling remorse.
She was feeling guilty; that’s why she didn’t dare to call her son back.
She was afraid of alienating her husband, which made her even less daring to stop her son.
“Baixiu, maybe we shouldn’t go on the world tour after all. Maybe we should go to the hospital to visit our in-laws. Otherwise, our in-laws might be upset with us, and we would be letting our daughter-in-law down too much.”
Ye Baixiu, burdened with his troubles, maintained his stern face, refusing to nod in agreement, seemingly more fearful than Bai Peiluan of something.
Ye Xingguang sat in the speeding car, staring at the neon signs quickly passing outside the window, feeling incredibly sad.
“What’s the deal with your parents? Did they disagree with our relationship from the start? When they defended me last time at home, were they just putting on an act with you guys? And you lied to me, saying your mom wasn’t feeling well.”
Ye Junqing remained silent with a taut face, as he was also unsure of what his parents truly meant.
With enemies all around, his own family was tripping him up!
Ye Xingguang was extremely upset and snapped, “Fine, if you don’t want to, I don’t want to set the wedding date either. Who cares!”
Ye Junqing abruptly slammed on the brakes and turned to her with a ferocious stare, “What did you say? Say that again!”
Ye Xingguang turned her head to look out the window and remained silent. She didn’t meet his gaze, feeling wronged!
Several cars honked from behind. The continuous honking was extremely irritating.noveldrama
Finally, she said bluntly, “You’re blocking the other drivers on the road.”
“Don’t ever say things like that again!” Ye Junqing, feeling guilty himself, couldn’t muster his usual anger and restarted the car.
As he drove, he said, “The country has your back, what are you afraid of?”
“So what if I have the country’s support? It seems like the country forcibly matched us, so your family had no choice but to accept, is that it? Do you believe I’m so undervalued, or that I can’t get married so I have to be forced on you by the country? Let me tell you, if it weren’t for my ex-boyfriend breaking up with me the day before graduation, I would definitely have no problem finding another man. There were so many people chasing me in college that even if he had broken up with me the day before graduation and given me some preparation time, I would not have ended up in the civil affairs bureau drawing lots,” Ye Xingguang vented her pent-up frustration.
Ye Junqing’s temples throbbed. Was she implying that if she hadn’t been caught off guard by her ex-boyfriend, she would already be someone else’s wife? Was this girl trying to kill him with anger?
###Chapter 460: Chapter 460: It is I Who Can’t Leave You_1
In the end, all he could do was to glare at her intensely, “It’s me who can’t live without you. Without you, I would be alone for the rest of my life. If I don’t marry you, I’ll be a lifelong bachelor, forever topping the list of die-hard bachelors. Is that what you want?”
Ye Xingguang was left speechless by his statement. She told herself not to grin, yet her lips still curled up uncontrollably into a smirk. She snorted twice to save her pride.
“These are your words, not mine. It’s not me who is desperate to marry you, but you who can’t live without marrying me. It’s you who’s keen on getting engaged and marrying me, not me.”
Otherwise, it would make her feel very frustrated.
While Ye Junqing was keeping his hand steady on the steering wheel, his other hand clasped hers, their fingers intertwined, “You’re right, it’s all me! Therefore, you are not allowed to say you don’t want to be engaged with me. Understand?”
Ye Xingguang, who was unable to resist his sweet words, pursed her lips and said, “Then tell me, what aspects of me do your parents dislike? Can’t I change? My parents are already talking about setting a date for engagement, and they’re waiting for your parents to visit. What should I tell my parents now?”
Ye Junqing didn’t utter a word, his face tense.
“So, you don’t know either?” Ye Xingguang asked, despondently.
If they didn’t know the cause, how could they find a solution?
If Ye Junqing did know, he wouldn’t be so aggravated. Moreover, “What do you need to change? They’re the ones being nitpicky, not you. They should be the ones to reflect upon their attitudes, not you. So don’t feel burdened by a pair of snobbish, nasty in-laws!”
Ye Xingguang, “…”
Ye Xingguang, “You shouldn’t talk about your parents like that. As a good husband, you should mediate mother-in-law and daughter-in-law problems, not exacerbate them. And keep in mind, they are your parents.”
Parents are, of course, one’s birth parents, but Ye Junqing was clearly annoyed that they wanted to have an interfamily marriage without his consent.
Ye Xingguang took out her cell phone and said, “Never mind about you, I’ll ask my sister-in-law for a hint. I still hope to win over my future in-laws. I can’t let you forget your parents just because you will have a wife.”
With those words, she called Yi Yujian, completely unaware that she swept away Ye Junqing’s bad mood with the two words she said.
Having a wife means forgetting his mother…noveldrama
Little fishtail, has she already accepted the fact that she is his wife in her heart?
Reminder note!
Damn it, Ye Junqing’s face turned into regret instantly, he had forgotten to record!
Yi Yujian responded over the phone, “Don’t worry, your future in-laws like you. Previously, they even offered me some jewelry sets and engagement gifts from my mother’s business, which are being prepared as we speak. As for the specific reasons, I will ask them.”
“Alright.”
“Rest assured, you are the only sister-in-law I acknowledge, and Shiting feels the same way. Whoever dares to cancel your engagement with him, we will be the first to refuse.”
Listening to her sister-in-law’s words, Ye Xingguang felt warmth in her heart, but still felt uneasy considering the attitude of her future in-laws. Could there be something that they couldn’t reveal?
At nine o’clock in the evening, Yi Yujian and Ye Shiting really went to talk to their parents about the situation. After Shiting’s successful presidential election, he only took three days off before he got involved in the President-elect’s preparations, selecting new leadership teams and being incredibly busy. But upon hearing Yi Yujian’s words, no matter their evening arrangements, they arranged to talk with their parents about the situation. Even Ye Shiting was curious about the reasons why their parents were unwilling to visit the parents of his younger brother’s significant other at the hospital?
###Chapter 461: Chapter 461: Otherwise, Ye Shiting may settle accounts with you later…_1
Somehow, this secret had leaked out. Xia Yanyan got the news from Ye Li.
Ever since her marriage proposal was rejected by Ye Junqing, her mood had been terribly depressed. When her temper flared, it made life difficult for those attending to her daily, especially Ye Li, who felt it the most.
So when she heard that Ye Xingguang’s parents were actually not pleased with him, the first thing Ye Li wanted to do was inform Xia Yanyan.
“Miss Xia, I just received news from a maid at Ye’s family home, Ye’s parents simply don’t think highly of Ye Xingguang. Their reluctance to visit his sick father in the capital shows just how little they respect Ye Xingguang and his commoner parents.”noveldrama
Xia Yanyan, lounging in her home’s swimming pool, heard this but felt indifferent, exhibiting no signs of excitement.
Her noble voice, full of disdain, spoke out, “Isn’t that to be expected? I knew all along that Ye’s parents’ support for White Lotus had nothing to do with gratitude, they were just putting on a show for everyone else. They only wanted to keep their son-in-law comfortable.”
“So, Miss Xia, you didn’t lose to Ye Xingguang, you simply lost to power. Don’t be too upset. In a few days, it’s your birthday, and the whole nation will celebrate with you.”
But how could Xia Yanyan be in the mood for a birthday celebration?
Her haughty voice, suppressing her anger, “What birthday celebration? Are you saying that I haven’t embarrassed myself enough yet? Right now, only the socialite circle knows that I’ve been turned down by Ye Junqing. The public still naively expects me to submit my marriage application on my birthday. When they don’t see it, they will believe that I was truly rejected by Ye Junqing, and by then, won’t I become a national laughingstock?”
As a highly esteemed national treasure, how could she bear even the slightest stain on her reputation?
These days, her parents had been constantly pestering her to re-submit the marriage application on her birthday no matter what, to find a suitable marriage partner, that it’s the only way to salvage the situation. But all this talk was suffocating her!
Ye Li suggested, “Miss Xia, there are plenty of good men out there. Since Ye Junqing lacks discernment, why don’t you re-submit your application and choose another groom? Lawson Perry of the Perrys isn’t too bad, and he’s always been pursuing you. Why not consider him?”
Xia Yanyan didn’t want to talk.
Ye Li continued to persuade, “By choosing Ye Junqing this time, you’ve offended the Ye family. You might as well make the most of the situation and choose Lawson Perry. Even though Lawson Perry didn’t make the cut this time, judging by his number of votes, the vice position is certainly his. It’s exactly as your father said, the only way to secure your position as a national treasure is to marry Lawson Perry. Otherwise…”
“Otherwise what?” Xia Yanyan’s face suddenly turned cold.
Ye Li said, “Otherwise, when Ye Shiting takes his revenge on you afterwards…”
Xia Yanyan spoke frostily, “Ye Shiting is my cousin’s husband!”
“But, Yi Yujian declared that he’s cutting ties with the Xia’s Family when he left last time. I think you should consider your options well. When Ye Shiting comes into power, there’s no guarantee that he won’t seek revenge on the Xia’s Family and you…”
Xia Yanyan tightly furrowed her brow, her current predicament was all due to that White Lotus, Ye Xingguang. And she would not let her off!
###Chapter 462: Chapter 462 Brother, you really are my real brother! _1
As Ye Li saw Xia Yanyan frown, she added fuel to the fire, “Furthermore, there isn’t even twenty days left for the inauguration ceremony of the new President. If the new President does not extend an invitation to you, you won’t be able to attend the President’s inauguration dinner. What would be the standing of your status as a national treasure then? At this point, I’m afraid only under the deputy President’s supervision can your status as a national treasure be ensured. It won’t be affected during the new President’s term appointment. Sister Xia, you should consider this carefully.”
Upon hearing this, Xia Yanyan’s face grew even uglier because she had already heard several socialites in their circle say that they had received invitations to the President’s inauguration dinner from her cousin.
If her cousin really does not send her an invitation out of spite, then what would be the standing of her status as national treasure?
It seemed that she could only rely on others if she wanted to attend the President’s inauguration ceremony. Ye Junqing dared to offend her like this, so she wouldn’t let him off either. This dog of a man, Xia Yanyan didn’t care for him anymore. But this did not mean that she would allow Ye Junqing to humiliate her!
Just wait until the President’s inauguration ceremony. She would let the whole nation know that it was not Ye Junqing who didn’t want her, but…
She would definitely reveal her deepest secret crush at the Mermaid Theme Park during the President’s inauguration ceremony!
She would let all socialites and the public know that she, Xia Yanyan, was a woman whom Ye Junqing had been secretly in love with for many years, but couldn’t win over no matter how he begged. Only then would she be able to restore her dignity!
She’d also plant a thorn in Ye Xingguang’s heart to make her uncomfortable for a lifetime!
With these thoughts, Xia Yanyan’s heart, which had been depressed for many days, suddenly brightened up, and her whole body was filled with the fighting spirit of a proud peacock!
On the other side, Yi Yujian was having a long talk with her mother-in-law, and Ye Shiting was working on his thoughts in his father’s study. Both the couple felt a strong resistance from their parents. Ye Baixiu and Bai Lanwu kept their opinions to themselves. The bottom line was three sentences:
They did not dislike Xingguang!
They did not want to stop the engagement!
They temporarily did not want to meet their future in-laws!
When Ye Junqing received this news from Ye Shiting over the phone, he was simply: “!!!”noveldrama
Ye Shiting sympathized deeply with his younger brother, “Don’t panic, your father-in-law is about to have surgery, right? I’m sure he doesn’t have time to consider the matter of betrothal now. Let’s wait until the surgery is successful and his health recovers. In the meantime, we must do some thinking work with our parents, try to understand their real thoughts.”
How could he not be in a hurry? Ye Junqing was burning with anxiety.
“Brother, you’re my only real brother!”
Ye Shiting could feel his brother’s eagerness to marry over the phone. He laughed, “If we can’t change their minds, on the night of my presidential inauguration ceremony, I’ll send an invitation to Xingguang’s parents to attend the inauguration dinner. Her father should be discharged from the hospital by then, right?”
Ye Junqing replied, “Your inauguration ceremony is in twenty days. Even if he has surgery, he should be able to be discharged in twenty days.”
“That’s fine. If our parents still refuse to agree, then you can propose to your future wife at the inauguration dinner. Both parents will be present, and I believe even if they want to stop it, they won’t be able to do anything inappropriate for their status.
Ye Junqing felt as if he had been awakened from a dream by Ye Shiting’s words. Overwhelmed with emotion, his voice was encompassed with warmth, too: “Brother, you really are my real brother!”
Over the phone, Ye Shiting said, “Everything’s ready, save for the east wind. Do you want me to talk to Yujian and have her family’s jewelry group custom make an engagement ring that no girl could resist?”
###Chapter 463: Chapter 463: From Now On, I’ll Be Looking Out for Leng Chenmo_1
“No need, I’ve already prepared the marriage proposal ring.” a deep voice said.
“Oh?” Ye Shiting was slightly surprised, “You and your younger sister have only been together for less than two months. You’ve prepared your marriage proposal ring already? Could it be that you started preparing the ring as soon as you brought her home?
How could that be? Ye Junqing’s corner of the mouth was holding an inscrutable smile, actually, he had prepared the proposal ring years ago.
It took a year to design and a fortune to buy a diamond in its rough form. He crafted it meticulously over two years, shaping it into the form he wanted, designing the diamond ring he was most satisfied with and then locked it in his safe.
He planned to keep that proposal ring in his safe for a lifetime because he had already decided to sever all ties with Xiao Yuyu. He had no plans of ever using it.
But people are like this, so petty. Even though he had verbally decided to let her go and let himself go, he never wavered in his actions: the mermaid theme park, the mermaid swimming pool, the diamond ring that he personally designed and hired the best ring handcrafting master to help him create, he didn’t stop doing any of it….
Of course, such petty behaviour, Ye Junqing would never tell anyone, including his own brother.
He found an excuse for his self-esteem: “Since the state has already assigned her to me, I was bound to propose sooner or later. I always plan for the unexpected. What I was considering more at the time was my brother’s presidential election, just in case someone made a fuss about me, I would propose straight away, definitely not becoming a burden to my brother.”
“Hehe.” Ye Shiting gave him two words, and hung up the phone without further ado. He couldn’t stand his chatter.
Even though his brother brutally hung up the call, Ye Junqing’s mood improved, he had a feast in the evening. The party still hadn’t ended. After he finished his phone call on the corridor outside the KTV box, he went to the restroom.
Before he came out of the restroom, he heard two people walking and talking into the restroom, “Is it for real, Leng Chenmo has fallen from grace and after he was kicked out of the Leng family, he was taken over by Tang Zhou? What’s going on, did he sell himself for glory?”
“‘I heard that Leng Chenmo rolled straight into Tang Zhou at the civil affairs bureau. Nobody knew about this before today, but someone let it slip, and now everyone wants to discuss whether Tang Zhou is a female or male. That sissy might be cross-dressing!”
“!!!!!! Is it true? No wonder I never saw him in the men’s toilet. I heard that even if he desperately needed to pee, he would hold it until he got home. Could it be true?”noveldrama
“I think there is an eight or nine out of ten chance that Tang Zhou is a girl. Otherwise, how could Leng Chenmo have landed him? Just now in the clubhouse lobby, I saw Leng Chenmo encountering some arrogant sons of the Leng family, and he suffered quite a few taunts. Suddenly, Tang Zhou rushed up. The way he protected Leng Chenmo, I suspect they are official partners!”
When the two came to this point, they looked up and saw the big boss Ye Junqing coming out of the restroom. They both shut up.
Ye Junqing frowned slightly, left the restroom and headed straight for the lobby.
As soon as he stepped out from the elevator in the lobby, he noticed the noisy club lobby.
Tang Zhou kicked a son from the Leng family to the ground, then stepped on his face. His haughty voice brimming with anger: “That’s right, I was the one Leng Chenmo picked during the match-making session at the civil affairs bureau. How about it? It’s not your place to gossip behind us! I’m telling you, from now on, I’m the one shielding Leng Chenmo. If you want to mess with him, you need my, Tang Zhou’s permission first!”
[Good night: I will put tomorrow’s update in the morning. I’ll write as I go, give me a kiss, give me some popular votes and pronounce your recommendations.]
###Chapter 464: Chapter 464 Yes, I am a Girl!_1
After speaking, Tang Zhou, in his fury, turned to Leng Chenmo and said, “Are you dumb? They’re insulting you, and you just let them. Have you completely lost the brazen confidence you should have as my follower, Tang Zhou? The next time anyone insults you, stand up for yourself and deal with them like I do. Got it?”
Leng Chenmo stood there with his hands behind him, calm and cool as ever, a deep and inscrutable smile playing in his eyes. His joy at being indulged by Tang Zhou was almost spilling over from the depths of his eyes, “Now I understand.”
Only then did Tang Zhou, satisfied, pull his foot off the face of a prodigal son from the Leng family, saying, “Get lost or I’ll kill you!”noveldrama
The rest of the Leng family’s spoilt sons rushed over to help Leng Weixuan, whom Tang Zhou had knocked to the ground.
After struggling to his feet, he spit out a mouthful of blood, and pointed at Leng Chenmo behind Tang Zhou, “Leng Chenmo, don’t think that Tang Zhou’s protection grants you immunity from any and all harm, or that hiding behind Tang Zhou, who could be either male or female, is a show of your abilities!”
Unfortunately for him, Leng Chenmo wasn’t one to be easily provoked. Instead, he responded calmly, “If you’re envious, you could try going to the marriage registry – if you’re lucky, that is.”
Leng Weixuan’s fist clenched till his knuckles turned white. He wasn’t afraid of Tang Zhou, but Ye Shiting was on the brink of becoming the President, and Tang Xiao was Ye Shiting’s right-hand man. It was said that Tang Xiao adored his little brother and would always cover for him, no matter what trouble Tang Zhou caused.
Furthermore, there was Ye Junqing!
Leng Weixuan saw Ye Junqing approaching from afar. He spat out, “Tang Zhou, you wait. I won’t let this go so easily!” before storming off.
Tang Zhou wasn’t afraid of Leng Weixuan at all. Even though he wasn’t as clever or cunning as some, he was surrounded by people who held power and indulged him. Provoking him would be a death wish!
Hearing Leng Weixuan’s words, Tang Zhou merely dusted off his trousers and shouted after the departing Leng Weixuan, “Bring it on any time! I, Tang Zhou, will be ready!”
After Leng Weixuan and the others had departed, someone in the crowd that had been watching couldn’t help but ask, “Tang Zhou, is it true that you’re actually… a woman? Are you really pulling off a cross-dress act? This is quite a shocker!”
“Yeah, Tang Zhou, I’ve considered you a brother for more than twenty years, and you’re actually a girl? What on Earth is going on?”
“I can’t… I can’t accept this. Someone, please slap me awake, this must be a dream!”
The crowd around him was abuzz with the news.
In response to their words, Tang Zhou pursed her sexy red lips but said nothing. At this point, she may as well embrace her situation, lest she end up being a laughingstock for the rest of her life upon being found out about her condition.
“That’s right, I’m a woman! But if any of you dare treat me differently because of it, consider our friendship over!”
“And spread this within your circle: Leng Chenmo is mine! Don’t think that when he falls from the pedestal, you can just step on him. Whoever dares to lay a hand on a person belonging to me, Tang Zhou, will regret being born in this world!”
After she finished, Tang Zhou pointed her chin at her silent, smirking sidekick, “What are you laughing at? Come with me back home for a massage! You’ve really pissed me off. How could you be so weak, allowing a bunch of spoiled brats to take advantage of you? It’s a huge loss of face for me, Tang Zhou!”
###Chapter 465: Chapter 465 Darn! I have no false heart_1
Just as he finishes speaking, he sees Ye’s brother coming over. Tang Zhou was somewhat taken aback: “Huh, Brother Ye, what are you doing here?”
“If I’m not here, how would I know that you’re outside defending your little friend to such an extent?” Brother Ye looked at Leng Chenmo.
At that, Tang Zhou’s bravado instantly faded. He pulled a long face without saying a thing. Only after leaving the main hall did he snort: “Who’s defending him? It doesn’t matter if he loses face, but I absolutely can’t. If even the people from Tang Zhou’s clan are casually insulted, where do I put my face, where do you put yours, Brother Ye, where does the Ye family put its face, where does Brother Ting, who is about to be the president, put his face? I’m considering the big picture, looking at the long term.”
Brother Ye watched Tang Zhou for a while making him super uncomfortable: “Brother Ye, why are you staring at me? What I said is all true. If even the Ye family’s son-in-law can be bullied, wouldn’t others think that the Ye family has fallen from grace?”
“Nothing much.” Brother Ye withdrew his gaze and said, “Just realized that you’re indeed my little brother.”
“Huh?”
Brother Ye recalled the call he had with their eldest brother in the hallway, and tossed out a phrase: “You’ve truly learned from me.”
Then he repeated Elder Brother’s closing remark: “Hehe.”
What does that mean?
Tang Zhou didn’t understand?
Tang Zhou asked Leng Chenmo who was behind him: “What does my brother mean by that?”
Leng Chenmo said: “Nothing much, in summary, it’s probably ‘saying one thing and meaning another.’
Tang Zhou: “!!!!!!”
Tang Zhou was fuming: “Holy shit! When did I ever say one thing and mean another? Everything I said was the truth!”
However, Leng Chenmo couldn’t hide the restrained smile at the corner of his mouth: “Yeah, I believe you. It’s the truth.”
“Then what the fuck are you laughing for!” Tang Zhou felt tremendously embarrassed, and emphasized firmly: “You best not think that I have feelings for you! I’m telling you, don’t flatter yourself. The reason I’m defending you is that I, Tang Zhou, cannot tolerate anyone bullying those around me. Even if it’s a cat or a dog, as long as it’s raised by me, it’s got to strut its stuff in this city. It can’t be subservient, otherwise, I’ll lose face. You get it?”noveldrama
“I get it.” Leng Chenmo still had the same tone, a whispering voice with a hint of a gentle laugh.
Holy shit, Tang Zhou felt like swearing at any moment. If you understand, then you understand, but can you please not laugh when you say you do? That laugh makes me lose so much face. Has he gone mad and misunderstood?
He could have feelings for Leng Chenmo?
Hahaha, that’s too laughable!
Tang Zhou rolled up the sleeves of his shirt, revealing half of his delicate white arm, and roared: “You’re still laughing? Don’t tell me you think that I’m defending you because I have feelings for you? If you’re still confused, I suggest you go to the men’s restroom and clear your head!”
Initially, Brother Ye was walking side by side with Tang Zhou, but he suddenly quickened his pace. Not wanting to be an awkward third wheel, he tossed out a sentence: “I have other social engagements, you guys have fun.”
“Don’t go!”
Tang Zhou was still fuming: “Brother Ye, you tell him, isn’t it my first love, Passion Fish, that I have feelings for? Speaking of which, Brother Ye, I haven’t settled the score with you yet. You actually turned the love token of my first love into an ankle bracelet and gave it to Little Starlight. That’s mine! Give it back!”
###Chapter 466: Chapter 466: Tang Zhou had a black out and fell down_1
As if Ye Junqing would bother with him, he just threw a sentence at Leng Chenmo: “I’ve left him with you, don’t bother me.”
After saying this, he left.
“Brother Qing, don’t go!” Tang Zhou tried to catch up, but was stopped by Leng Chenmo who grabbed his wrist.
The grip didn’t seem strong, but no matter how hard Tang Zhou tried, he couldn’t shake it off. He lifted his leg to kick Leng Chenmo, “Don’t you have any sense of being my little follower? Let me go, or I won’t let you live in the storeroom anymore!”
Meanwhile, Leng Weixuan, who had fled the club in disgrace, was not willing to swallow the insult.
Sitting in the car on his way home, Leng Weixuan felt more and more uncomfortable, Tang Zhou dared to kick him in the face. If he didn’t take revenge, he wouldn’t be Leng Weixuan. Tang Zhou, wait for me!
Three days later.
Tang Zhou had spent the afternoon at a racing club on the outskirts of the city. On his way to meet Ji Qishu for dinner, his car broke down in the middle of nowhere.
Tang Zhou got out of the car to check the situation, hands on his hips, he sighed, “Damn, why am I so unlucky?”
Just as he was about to call for help, the roaring sound of a motorcycle echoed in his ear. Tang Zhou raised an eyebrow. The bikers conveniently came just in time, he could hitch a ride back to town. However, a dozen motorcycles quickly surrounded him.
The leader wasn’t anyone else but Leng Weixuan, who he had beaten up in the club three days ago. In his hand was a baseball bat, prepared for every situation.
Damn…
Outnumbered, Tang Zhou looked at Leng Weixuan sitting on one of the motorcycles and tried to maintain his composure, “Leng Weixuan, you’ve got guts, planning to ambush me!”
Even the dimmest person could guess that his car breakdown wasn’t an accident, but a setup.noveldrama
Leng Weixuan waved the baseball bat in his hand, “Tang Zhou, I told you to wait, and if I didn’t avenge the other day’s humiliation, I wouldn’t be Leng Weixuan.”
“Try laying a finger on me and see what my brother and Brother Qing will do to you,” Tang Zhou replied.
Leng Weixuan had already calculated all possibilities. This wasn’t impulsiveness – he was on a mountain road with no surveillance, and had set up a sign “Road collapse ahead, please detour” a kilometer ahead and behind. Even if he killed Tang Zhou now, no one would know it was him. Besides, he had also created an alibi for himself, buying a plane ticket to another city and then secretly returning to the capital.
So, the arrogant Leng Weixuan was not afraid. Instead, he jumped off his motorcycle and said, “I didn’t realize you were a girl. Well then, today let me taste you. Catch him.”
As soon as his voice fell, the bodyguards who had come along all dismounted and started to catch Tang Zhou.
When Tang saw more than a dozen bodyguards pounce on him, cold sweat broke out. He fought back, but was soon overpowered.
Taking advantage of the situation, Leng Weixuan hit him in the back of the head with his baseball bat.
Tang Zhou’s vision blacked out and he collapsed.
Leng Weixuan stepped on Tang Zhou’s unconscious face and grinded his foot: “Let’s see you be arrogant now. Put him in the car. Leng Chenmo’s woman, is only good enough for my pleasure. After I’m done, I’ll let you all have a taste.”
…
Ji Qishu had been waiting at the restaurant until seven in the evening. There was no sign of Tang Zhou. He tried to call him but it was switched off. What on earth, this kid, he wouldn’t really stand him up, would he?
###Chapter 467: Chapter 467 Tang Zhou is Dead_1
Ji Qishu had tried contacting all the people who could possibly be in touch with Tang Zhou, only to find out that Tang Zhou had been racing at the sports car club in the afternoon and had left around four o’clock. Someone had made a dinner appointment with Tang Zhou, who had confirmed that he would attend.
But where was the person who had this dinner appointment with him now?
Ji Qishu didn’t think something bad might have happened to him. Annoyed that he had been stood up, he had vented his frustrations in a family group chat, and then had dinner alone.
After having dinner and entertaining himself until ten o’clock, he returned to the Ye’s family mansion. He specifically parked his car in front of the villa where Tang Zhou lived, got out of the car, and went to scold Tang Zhou for standing him up.
In the living room, there was no one except Leng Chenmo who was reading a book.
Ji Qishu and Leng Chenmo were not on good terms. Leng Chenmo was cold and aloof. In the past, someone of Ji’s status wouldn’t be able to have a conversation with Leng Chenmo. Now, even though Leng Chenmo’s status had declined, he still emanated a cold aura. Ji Qishu and he simply couldn’t get along. Ji Qishu offhandedly asked, “Hey Leng, has Tang Zhou returned yet?”
“Isn’t he out for late-night snacks with you?” Leng Chenmo responded, glancing up from his book.
Ji Qishu fumed, “You’ve got to be kidding me. He was supposed to eat with me, but he stood me up. I can’t even ring him. His phone’s turned off. Who knows if he ran out of battery? Once he’s back, remember to tell him to give me a call.”noveldrama
After tossing down these words, Ji Qishu left the villa.
After Ji Qishu left, Leng Chenmo pondered for a bit, and tried calling Tang Zhou. As expected, his phone was turned off.
Could his phone be out of battery?
That seemed unlikely. Tang Zhou had just purchased a new phone a few days ago which boasted a long-lasting battery that required only a one-hour charge for three days of normal use. It was for this particular feature that Tang Zhou had specially purchased this new phone.
For some reason, Leng Chenmo felt a bad premonition, an undercurrent of unease stirred within him.
Tang Zhou loved to party and wouldn’t return home until one or two in the morning. Leng Chenmo waited in the living room until two o’clock. When he could wait no longer, he picked up his car keys and went out to search for him.
He searched all the places Tang Zhou loved to frequent, but couldn’t find him. This only added to Leng Chenmo’s anxiety.
He made a call to a friend in the police, asking for help to track Tang Zhou’s activities in the afternoon by accessing the city’s CCTV system. It turned out that Tang Zhou had driven out of the city to the suburbs around one o’clock and his car hadn’t returned to the city.
Could there have been a car accident?
In the dead of night, Leng Chenmo drove to the sports car club. The on-duty receptionist said that Tang Zhou had left at four in the afternoon.
Nervous and apprehensive, Leng Chenmo traced the route Tang Zhou would have taken, looking for signs of a car accident. He reduced his car speed to a crawl and eventually, on a mountain road, he discovered something.
He parked his car and after stepping out, he noticed a two-section break in the guardrail of the mountain road. It was too dark, and he couldn’t see into the valley below.
He climbed down the mountain to search and after a full forty minutes, he finally found Tang Zhou’s sports car, burnt down to its body frame.
His heart sank, and he raced toward the charred remains of the sports car, unconcerned about brambles and thorns. He yanked open the scorched driver’s door. He didn’t find a person, but only a pile of bones turned to ash…
###Chapter 468: Chapter 468 – Verifying Personal Identity Through DNA Only Takes A Few Minutes_1
Leng Chenmo staggered a step backward. A piercing chill emerged from his back. He lit his phone flashlight and stared at the pile of bones. His pupils flared crimson. Not possible!
Leng Chenmo rejected the idea that was racing through his mind. The pile of bones could not be Tang Zhou’s!
Leng Chenmo did not know how much self-control he needed not to roar out loud. His mind became shockingly composed in an but an instant. He firmly cast aside the thought that the bones belonged to Tang Zhou, after which he dialed the police and Ye Junqing.
Ye Xingguang was in a deep sleep when she was awakened by the phone’s persistent ringing.
She nudged the man beside her, “Your phone.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing was also asleep, and he did not feel like answering.
However, after the phone stubbornly rang twice, Ye Xingguang found the phone and after listening for a bit, abruptly snapped awake. She shook the man beside her, “Wake up quickly. Something happened to Tang Zhou. Leng Chenmo found a burned-out car at the base of a mountain, it was Tang Zhou’s. Inside the car was a pile of charred remains. Ye Junqing, wake up.”
“What did you say?” Half-asleep, Ye Junqing jolted awake, snatching the phone from Xingguang, and immediately hollered into the receiver, “Leng Chenmo, dare to pull a prank on me in the middle of the night, I’ll cut you.”
“Inform Tang Xiao, I don’t have his number.”
After Leng Chenmo uttered those words, he hung up the phone abruptly.
After the call, he felt exhausted as if he could barely stand. Without a tree to lean on, he slouched against the surrounding thorny bushes, oblivious to the pain, urgently needing something to support himself.
The wait for the police and Ye Junqing was interminable. Every second in the long night felt like a century. It might be the longest night of his life. He urgently needed to confirm that the pile of bones in the car did not belong to Tang Zhou!
Only by conducting a DNA test on the bones could it be proved they weren’t Tang Zhou’s!
He needed someone to arrive and carry out the DNA test, yet he also feared the arrival of someone to perform that DNA testing.
After a difficult internal struggle, Leng Chenmo decided to call a forensic doctor friend and requested a DNA test in order to identify the remains.
Thirty to forty minutes later, Ye Junqing and Tang Xiao finally arrived.
When they arrived, the DNA expert that Leng Chenmo had requested also arrived with a advanced DNA testing device.
This was a state-of-the-art DNA testing instrument that could verify individual identities in only a few minutes…
Following closely behind were Fu Zhuo, Mo Fei, Mu Nianbai, Mo Zhe, Ji Qishu, Lin Nan, and Ye Shiting…
When Ye Shiting arrived, Tang Zhou’s car had been hoisted up the mountainside by a rescue van. As soon as Ji Qishu alighted from the car, he heard him saying in a hoarse, roaring voice, “Impossible, Tang Zhou might not excel in much, but his racing talent is well-known in the metropolitan circle. How could he have had a car accident that plunged into a valley, leaving his car blown up and only a pile of bones remaining? I don’t accept it. I don’t accept this!”
Out of all the brothers, Tang Zhou was the youngest, merely twenty-three years old this year!
Tang Zhou was also his closest brother, so how could it be that he had met an untimely death!
Tang Xiao found this even harder to accept. He and his younger brother, who lost their parents at a tender age, were taken in by the Ye family. Though he had several other ‘brothers’ the fraternal bond between him and his own brother was undeniable, being the only one connected to him by blood. However,
Following the DNA testing, it was confirmed. The pile of bones belonged to his brother, Tang Zhou.
###Chapter 469: Chapter 469 Tang Zhou is Really Dead_1
Ji Qishu rushed over, grabbing the medical examiner by the collar, “Are you competent or not? Which organization’s medical examiner are you? Do you have a license? If you dare manipulate the truth, I swear I’ll kill you! Mark my words, I’m not a pushover! You definitely got the test results wrong; redo the tests!”
The medical examiner was also a young man. Understanding the emotions of the family, he did not utter a word. His silence made Ji Qishu want to punch him!
Ji Qishu released his collar, bearing his fist down hard onto the charred car frame. Unsatisfied, he landed several more blows, ignorant of the pain even when his knuckles broke. He harshly wiped away moisture from his eyes.
“Impossible, kid, you promised to have dinner together. So what if you stood me up; do you think I’m that petty? Come out now, Tang Zhou, I command you to come out, I don’t allow you to play such a joke on me!”
Ji Qishu’s roar echoed in the darkness, the valley returned nothing but his own cries.
No one told him to shut up; everyone was feeling terrible inside.
Leng Chenmo stood in front of the guardrail, his heart feeling heavy, it was suffocating. He took a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, but his hand was shaking so much that he couldn’t take a cigarette out of the box. When he finally managed to pull one out, he couldn’t light it…
Ye Junqing walked up to Tang Xiao, wanting to say something, yet despite his throat muscles moving, he found himself unable to articulate a word; he couldn’t accept the reality. He fervently wished that it was all just a bad dream and everything would be fine once awakened from it at dawn.
But the daybreak didn’t stop the nightmare. The police medical examiner also came to test the bones, the results were consistent with the first round of tests conducted by Leng Chenmo’s forensic friend. Through DNA testing, it was confirmed that the bones belonged to Tang Zhou.
Tang Zhou, really, was dead.
Upon waking, Ye Xingguang thought back to Tang Zhou’s accident the previous night and felt uneasy. He called Ye Junqing.
On the phone, Ye Junqing’s voice was exceptionally hoarse: “Hello?”
“How is Tang Zhou?”
There was no response on the phone, only heavy breathing, which gave a bad omen.
Ye Xingguang had a bad feeling: “Where are you now?”noveldrama
“Still in the suburbs, going to return to the city soon…” Ye Junqing paused before continuing painfully: “To arrange the funeral.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
He wanted to say something comforting but found any comforting words to be pale and weak. He asked: “Was it an accident?”
Ye Junqing’s voice was dangerously low: “Don’t know, still investigating.”
…
On the other side, Leng Weixuan had left the capital overnight and returned to the city where he had bought an airplane ticket. Arriving shortly after dawn in another city, he made calls to all the bodyguards involved in the matter. Regarding Tang Zhou’s death, they needed to keep their mouths shut. Otherwise, if the Ye’s Family started an investigation, no one would evade it.
Damn it, he felt unlucky, thinking about it. Actually, he just wanted to teach Tang Zhou a lesson; he never knew it would lead to death. Now it was too late for regrets.
Leng Weixuan still remembered knocking Tang Zhou unconscious, his plan was to put him in the car and show him a thing or two. However, after stripping him, he found out he was dealing with a monster!
Thinking about it now, Leng Weixuan was still disgusted!
At that moment, he had left the car, standing outside and ordered others to wake Tang Zhou up. Once Tang Zhou regained consciousness, he insulted Tang Zhou’s condition. Who knew that Tang Zhou would react violently like a lunatic against him.
He only hit Tang Zhou a few times with a baseball bat, but that was enough to kill him!!!!!!!!
The Author – An Yin: That’s all for today’s update, more to come early tomorrow. The editor informed that we’ll be releasing 80,000 words by the end of this month. Starting from today, I’ll be saving drafts, updating six times a day. Once the bulk release ends, I’ll resume to eight daily updates. Thank you for your monthly votes, recommendations, and red beans.
###Chapter 470: Chapter 470 Dead men can’t be resurrected, unless….._1noveldrama
Leng Weixuan pushed open the door to the villa’s bathroom, taking a harsh cold shower inside. He wanted to wash away the bad luck on his body, but it felt like no amount of showering could get rid of it.
While he may be a rich playboy, he was not a desperate, vicious criminal. Murder was something he was experiencing for the first time. Even thinking about it now, he was cold sweating all over. Regret. He really didn’t want to kill.
All the blame goes to that madman Tang Zhou. So what if he had concealed illnesses? So what if they were severe? It was not a big deal; he could have kept it a secret. Did he have to go mad over it?
Even if Tang Zhou were a little more rational, there was no way he could have killed someone out of fury!
Leng Weixuan shivered severely. After taking a bath, he lied down on the bed and tried to sleep. But every time he closed his eyes, he saw Tang Zhou coming to haunt him. The fear woke him up from his dreams, completely unable to sleep peacefully…
He now wished he could slap himself twice. Why did he provoke Tang Zhou for no reason? It was just a rivalry. Was it worth it to start a feud that cost a life?
…
Ye Xingguang bought incense and joss paper, returned to the Ye family estate. Traditions demanded him to mourn.
Before even stepping into the mourning hall, he could sense a heavy, depressive atmosphere over the Ye family. It took him a while to find Ye Junqing, a man who usually didn’t smoke, sitting on a stone bench next to a basketball court in the estate with Leng Chenmo.
By the time she approached them, she saw more than twenty cigarette butts piled in front of them. Both men were smoking fiercely, the smoke so suffocating she couldn’t help but cough twice.
Hearing her coughs, Ye Junqing threw the half-smoked cigarette on the ground and crushed it fiercely.
Then, he stretched out his hand, pulling her to his side, his voice hoarse: “When did you come?”
“Not that long ago. How could something like this happen? Are you okay?” Ye Xingguang sat beside him, asking softly.
Ye Junqing also wanted to know why this happened. Just a few days before Tang Zhou was pestering him for a memento from his first love. He said: “Tang loved playing basketball here. Could you sit with me here for a while?”
“Okay.”
Ye Xingguang glanced at Leng Chenmo next to her. He was still smoking. Amid the swirling smoke, she could see his eyes, raw and bloodshot. Dust and weeds from the bushes were on his hair, and he didn’t bother to brush it off.
“So, Tang Zhou had a car accident? His car drove off the mountain road and fell into a valley? Do we know when it happened?”
Ye Junqing shook his head: “We just know that he left the racing club at 3:50. Calculating based on his usual driving speed, the incident should have occurred around 4:20. We are not sure if it was just an accident or if anything happened.”
At this moment, Leng Chenmo’s phone rang. He got a text message, and his fingers spasmed violently, creaking: “It was not an accident. Someone was driving to the club around 4:00. They got to the scene before what happened, and saw road signs indicating a road collapse ahead and asked to detour!”
Simultaneously, Xiao Yun gave Ye Junqing a call, saying: “Junqing, we found out. The stretch of road where young master Tang encountered the accident was blocked yesterday afternoon. Several car owners reported seeing road signs telling them to detour. However, there was no road collapse that would make the road impassable on the segment where young master Tang had the accident. We initially suspect it was a murder.”
“Investigate!” Ye Junqing spat out three words.
Xiao Yun: “Yes.”
Ye Xingguang sat on the side listening. However, even if the investigation revealed it was a murder, Tang Zhou was already dead. The dead cannot come back to life, unless…
###Chapter 471: Chapter 471: Little Starlight, Do you think it’s possible?_1
Ye Xingguang calculated the days. It had been a month since she last cried out in regret. Although she didn’t have much interaction with Tang Zhou, he was the brother of Ye Junqing, and she was willing to save him if she could.
However, Ye Xingguang was self-interested. Ye Junqing’s brothers may not all truly accept her, and her in-laws were still reluctant to propose marriage. Her position in the Ye’s family was not stable. Ye Xingguang figured that if she could resurrect Tang Zhou, perhaps she could secure her position in the Ye family and prompt her in-laws to bring up engagement sooner.noveldrama
After some thought, Ye Xingguang made up her mind.
That’s right, she would save Tang Zhou. Taking this opportunity, she wanted all the brothers of the big tumor to feel grateful to her.
As was custom, people were required to keep vigil the day a person died.
All of Ye’s brothers refused to sleep that night, staying up to watch over Tang Zhou.
Now that they knew Tang Zhou may have been murdered, these brothers wished they could tear the real culprit into pieces.
But even if they found out who did it, and avenged Tang Zhou, he was not coming back.
Ji Qishu was the most heartbroken, continuously scrolling through photos and videos he had taken with Tang Zhou, wiping his tears as he looked, his tears falling freely, like something worthless.
At this time, Ye Xingguang entered the hall.
Ye Junqing saw her and thought she was coming to keep vigil as well, he walked towards her and said, “We are enough for the vigil, you should go back to sleep.”
Ye Xingguang said, “I’m not here to keep vigil. I want to say, maybe I have a way to save Tang Zhou. But I will only discuss this matter with you and your brothers, and they must keep my secret. The others… I can’t trust.”
“Little Star, my brother is already dead, what method do you have to save him? My mood is extremely bad right now, don’t joke with me!” Ji Qishu spoke harshly, his mood extremely low.
Regardless of how harsh Ji Qishu was, Ye Xingguang didn’t pay him any mind. Considering his feelings for his brother, she told herself to be forgiving for now.
She looked only at Ye Junqing, her gaze full of sincerity and confident determination.
“As long as you believe in me, I can bring Tang Zhou back to life. So, could you gather the brothers you trust, can we find a quiet place to discuss properly how to save Tang Zhou?”
After witnessing the feud between Ye Junqing and his brothers in their own home last time, she was aware that Ye’s family had many servants, with many eyes and ears. Any little change could easily leak out.
She didn’t want everyone to know about her possession of the regret medicine.
“At this time, you want us to leave the hall, go find a quiet place to listen to your nonsense, little Star, do you think it’s possible? Junqing, please take her away. I am in a very bad mood right now, disregarding that she is your cherished woman! Please understand my feelings of losing a brother!” Ji Qishu almost shouted.
Ye Junqing frowned, glanced at Ji Qishu. Ji Qishu lowered his head, continuing to watch the videos he made with Tang Zhou.
The voice of Tang Zhou resounded from the videos, full of laughter, vigorous and lively…
Listening made everyone’s hearts sour, no one believed that Ye Xingguang had a way.
Only Leng Chenmo, who was considered an outsider by everyone, but who persisted in keeping vigil for Tang Zhou as a family member, walked towards them, his voice hoarse with despair, “Miss Ye, if you have a way, please tell.”
###Chapter 472: Chapter 472: Remembering this Favor for a Lifetime_1
Ye Junqi stared deeply at Ye Xingguang, who seemed to have a hidden secret that he did not want to reveal here. For a moment, he almost guessed what she was about to say. Hesitating for a bit, his voice was full of anticipatory gratitude, “Wait, I will have the place cleared up.”
Ye Xingguang nodded.
Ye Junqi went out and called on Xiao Yun. He ordered that nobody was allowed within a fifty-meter radius of the room, centered around the shrine.
Indeed, there were some informants planted by political enemies among the servants of the Ye family. They did not remove these informants because they had figured out their identities. It’s better to keep them under their noses than to remove them all, because it is easier to dodge a bullet than an arrow shot secretly. If they were to clean them up and replace them with new ones they didn’t know about, it would be more troublesome. Sometimes, they needed to let their enemies know what they wanted them to know through these informants.
After receiving his assignment, Xiao Yun quickly summoned some loyal bodyguards to blockade the area outside the shrine, forbidding anyone to move around.
After the clearing, Ye Junqi walked in. However, even if he had guessed what was going on, he dared not hold too much hope. After all…
Well, let bygones be bygones!
One should look forward, not always remember the unbearable past.
Ye Junqi’s voice was so gentle at this moment: “Now there are only family members here, no one else.”
Is there none?
Ye Xingguang looked up at Leng Chenmo in the room: “Can he leave?”
Ye Junqi looked towards Leng Chenmo with red-rimmed eyes, ready to ask him to leave, but Leng Chenmo was a step quicker: “Ye Junqi, I want to stay.”
It was not a request, but a categorical statement.noveldrama
“If your woman really finds a way to save Tang Zhou’s life, I will regard her as my life-saving benefactor, and I will remember this favor all my life.”
Ye Junqi understood Leng Chenmo’s feelings. After all, he had personally witnessed Leng Chenmo’s feelings for Tang Zhou. Otherwise, Leng Chenmo would not have picked Tang Zhou up at the civil affairs bureau, and he would not have allowed Tang Zhou to bring someone back.
Ye Junqi said, “I trust him.”
Ye Xingguang muttered unhappily, “But I don’t. We’re not close at all. Please ask him to leave, or I won’t talk.”
“Leng Chenmo, you go out first.” Ye Junqi issued an eviction order.
Leng Chenmo’s face suddenly became incredibly unpleasant.
The veins in his neck were straining so hard they looked as if they were about to burst, making him appear very frightening.
Scared by the cold air surrounding Leng Chenmo, Ye Xingguang unconsciously hid behind Ye Junqi.
However, the anticipated danger did not come. Leng Chenmo directly took off a jade ring from his left middle finger and handed it to Ye Junqi: “Let me stay here. If your woman really can save Tang Zhou, this will belong to her from now on.”
Ye Xingguang glanced at the jade ring Leng Chenmo handed over, which had a skull on it. It was more suitable for men to wear. It wouldn’t suit her, so she wasn’t interested.
“I don’t want this.”
However, Ye Junqi took the ring and handed it to her, “Take it, let him stay.”
“This jade ring doesn’t suit me. Send him away. I’m not interested.” Ye Xingguang was unimpressed.
But Ye Junqi stuffed the jade ring into her hand and said, “Leng’s Family has an intimidating mercenary army. This is a token that can command the mercenaries, equivalent to the ancient Tiger Talisman. Possessing it, from now on, this mercenary army will only listen to your orders. Although you don’t need mercenaries in your daily life, you can send these mercenaries out to earn pocket money for you. It’s a good thing.”
###Chapter 473: Chapter 473: He himself is a person reincarnated after death_1
“Really? That’s an amazing item!”
Ye Xingguang’s eyes lit up as she immediately stashed the jade ring into her pocket. Then, she addressed Leng Chenmo, “Rest assured, if I cannot save Tang Zhou’s life, I will return your jade ring. I would never take your things for nothing.”
Leng Chenmo didn’t know if he was going mad. Tang Zhou was already dead, and the dead cannot be resurrected. However, upon hearing a girl say there’s a chance to save Tang Zhou, he was actually willing to exchange the jade ring, attentively listening to her every word!
In such circumstances, rationale has long been lost. Any glimmer of hope is clung to as a life-saving straw—even for a man like him who has experienced significant ups and downs.
After all, he himself is a man reborn after death.
“Miss Ye, now, can you talk? Is there any chance to save Tang Zhou?”
Ye Xingguang’s voice was full of confidence and arrogance: “Of course there is, have you ever heard of a regret medicine?”
Unbeknownst to Ye Xingguang, the moment she confidently mentioned ‘regret medicine,’ Ye Junqing’s depressed heart was illuminated by a small ray of sunshine—she confirmed his guess.
In a moment, Ye Junqing’s mind was made up.
Truth be told, when Tang Zhou was in an accident, he’d had thousands of thoughts about asking her for a regret medicine…
But he hadn’t found the real culprit behind Tang Zhou’s murder yet. He wanted to find the real culprit first and then figure out how to approach her about it. However, he didn’t expect that she would bring up the regret medicine proactively.
Of course he’d heard of it!
But Leng Chenmo hadn’t heard of it and waited for Ye Xingguang to continue with tight-lipped patience.
Ye Xingguang said, “I have a friend who sells regret medicine. I asked her for one today, and as long as you take the regret medicine, you can go back to before Tang Zhou was killed and prevent his death. Who among you is willing to take it?”
“Big brother Qing! When are you taking this woman away! I really don’t want to hear her nonsense anymore! My patience has its limits!” Ji Qishu bluntly cursed!
His heart ached profoundly. He wished there was such a thing as a regret medicine in this world. He wished he could have gone back to before Tang Zhou was involved in the accident and saved him. But wasn’t that utter nonsense?
What’s wrong with Little Star? She even behaves like a god-stick selling fake medicine at such times!
“Shut up!” Ye Junqing snapped.
How could Ji Qishu keep quiet, his eyes were already red. He screamed at Ye Junqing, “How can you tell me to shut up! Tang Zhou, our brother, is dead! Our brother, who grew up with us, is gone! We were supposed to have dinner together yesterday, do you know that? He dared to stand me up, why didn’t I perceive something was wrong? I had dinner alone, happily eating, but he was already in trouble at that time because I was happily feasting in the restaurant! I really want to slap myself, when I couldn’t get through to him, why didn’t I go to find him immediately? Maybe if I had found him immediately, I might have saved him …”
By the end, Ji Qishu couldn’t control his own voice, and broke down crying, his words becoming incoherent.
He was self-condemning, so much so that he couldn’t let go.
The thought kept recurring that maybe if he had done like Leng Chenmo and rushed to find Tang Zhou, there might still have been some hope …noveldrama
But now, there was no opportunity, nothing was left!
Who wouldn’t desire regret medicine in this world? But everyone knew that there was no such thing as regret medicine. His heart ached so much. He really didn’t want to listen to Ye Xingguang’s nonsense, making his wound hurt even more…
###Chapter 474: Chapter 474 Leng Chenmo, The Orphan behind _1
Ye Xingguang walked up to Ji Qishu, put a big hand on Ji Qishu’s shoulder, and softened his voice, “Qishu, it’s not your fault, don’t…”
“How is it not my fault? When his body was still warm, I was feasting in a restaurant…” Ji Qishu couldn’t control his emotions and burst into tears, “Bro, I don’t have any brothers anymore, no one to go crazy with, no one to hang out with.”noveldrama
“Miss Ye, I’m willing.” Tang Xiao, who had been silent and kneeling in front of the brazier, stacking gold and silver, stood up and walked up to her.
Tang Xiao was the kind of man who held his breakdown inside. He wouldn’t cry or shout like Ji Qishu. He reached out, “Give me the medicine.”
Lin Nan and Mu Nianbai walked up, “Tang Xiao, do you believe her nonsense? Qishu is right, there is no such thing as a regret pill in this world…”
“Even if it’s fake, the situation can’t get worse than it is now. Even if there’s a one in a billion chance, I have to take it. Tang Zhou is my only brother.” Tang Xiao looked up at the portrait hanging in the shrine, echoing, “He’s my only brother.”
Ye Xingguang nodded, took out a small velvet box from his pocket, and handed it to Tang Xiao.
“Believe me, I won’t add salt to your wounds. I genuinely want to save Tang Xiao because he is Ye Xingguang’s brother.”
But hardly anyone present wanted to take her words seriously, even Tang Xiao who had accepted the medicine, he didn’t believe her deep down, but the grief of losing his brother persuaded him to try every possible way. Maybe then his heart would feel slightly better.
Tang Xiao clenched the small velvet box, “I just have to take it?”
Ye Xingguang explained, “Take the pill, close your eyes and concentrate, think of the moment you most regret and want to go back to, then you’ll return to that moment. But you only have one hour, after one hour, the regret pill will become ineffective, so to save Tang Zhou’s life, it must be within that hour.”
Tang Xiao’s determined face tightened, “An hour before Zhou’s death?”
“You can say that.”
Tang Xiao furrowed his brows, “During the time Zhou had the accident, I was on a plane.”
“Ah, then you can’t take it, let someone else take it, don’t waste my medicine, it’s hard to come by.”
There’s only one pill per month.
“Give it to me,” Ye Xingguang said, “I’ll save Zhou.”
But just as Tang Xiao was about to hand over the pill, a swift hand grabbed the velvet box from him before Ye Xingguang could take it, Leng Chenmo grabbed the pill and without discussing with anyone else, opened the velvet box and swallowed the silver pearl-like regret pill, his actions were so fast that no one could stop him.
Tang Xiao was about to punch Leng Chenmo in the face.
Leng Chenmo didn’t care about everyone else’s attitude and just asked Ye Xingguang, “Close my eyes, concentrate, is that all?”
Ye Xingguang was surprised for a moment, thinking that since Leng Chenmo had given him a jade sign that ordered mercenaries, she didn’t seem to have a reason to refuse him the regret pill. Ye Xingguang nodded, “Concentrate, remember, you only have one hour.”
Leng Chenmo looked up at the portrait hanging in the shrine. The next moment, his restrained eyebrows closed tightly as he focused and tried to remember what he was doing an hour before the incident with Zhou. What was he doing?
After thinking for a few seconds, the restrained man opened his calm eyes uncertainly and suddenly found that his surroundings were no longer the mourning hall, but the president’s office in the headquarters of Junxing Weibo.
That’s right, he was in Zhou’s office at the time, helping him deal with a mountain of paperwork.
###Chapter 475: Chapter 475 Little Boat? Little Boat? Little Boat?_1
However, Leng Chenmo was not sure whether Tang Zhou had encountered any trouble at this moment.
Returning to the past, the first thing he did was to pull out his cell phone, dial Tang Zhou’s number; every second was painful before the call was answered. He was fearful that the standard shutdown notice, “Hello, the user you dialed has powered off,” would resound from his phone.
“Beep, beep….”
“Hello?” From the phone came Tang Zhou’s voice, which sounded like heavenly music to his ears.
Leng Chenmo’s eyes were moist for a moment. Even this strong, restrained man was moved by Tang Zhou’s one spoken word, leaving him momentarily choked up and unable to speak.
Tang Zhou, who was driving, cursed when he heard no response, “Are you sick, calling without saying anything, what are you trying to do?”
“… Where are you?” Leng Chenmo forced himself to stay calm.noveldrama
“Driving to grab some food. Have you finished handling the files in my office? I’m telling you, my little errand boy, you’re not allowed to clock off until they’re done, got it? Otherwise, I would have no problem having you sleep under a bridge. Right now, I’m the only one willing to provide you with a job. Be grateful.”
Tang Zhou was justifying his laziness. Ever since he got his errand boy, his leisure time had increased significantly. He could delegate any tasks to him, allowing Tang Zhou to take joy rides every day, life couldn’t be more pleasant for him.
“Immediately return to the racing club and stay in crowded areas, I am coming to find you.”
With only an hour to spare, Leng Chenmo didn’t dare waste any time. He grabbed his car keys, stood up, and while holding his phone, he quickly stride out of his office.
“Why?” How could Tang Zhou possibly listen to Leng Chenmo?
“I just received news that someone wants to assassinate you. Be obedient.” Leng Chenmo, with his quiet and restrained voice, was almost pleading.
“Who wants to assassinate me?”
Before Tang Zhou could finish his sentence, his racing car suddenly skidded. Without thinking, he dropped his phone, gripped the steering wheel with one hand, braced himself against the handbrake with the other, and swore, “Damn it!”
Leng Chenmo had just left his office when he heard Tang Zhou swear on the phone. His voice took on a grave tone instantly, “What’s wrong, Tang Zhou? Tang Zhou? Tang Zhou?”
He said ‘Tang Zhou’ three times, each time with a lower and more serious tone than the time before. The last time, it was a shout.
Outside the President’s office, in the secretarial area, all the secretaries and assistants looked up in surprise. They watched Leng Chenmo, usually calm even when facing the toughest situations, sprint towards the elevator.
What had happened?
After a few quick maneuvers, Tang Zhou finally managed to stop the out-of-control car. He pushed the car door open brusquely, grumbled, “Why is my luck so bad?”
Getting ready to return to the car to look for his phone and call Leng Chenmo to pick him up, before he could climb back in, he heard the humming sound of motorcycles. Frowning, he turned towards the source of the noise and saw Leng Weixuan waving a baseball bat leading a gang of bikers towards him, surrounding him.
Damn, someone really was plotting against him!
Tang Zhou squinted at Leng Weixuan who had dismounted from his motorcycle, “Leng Weixuan, have you lost your mind? Daring to confront me with this gang, wasn’t the lesson from last time enough?”
Leng Weixuan, waving his baseball bat in an arrogant manner, replied, “Tang Zhou, I told you to wait for this. I swore to avenge the humiliation of that day. If I don’t, then I’m not Leng Weixuan.”
###Chapter 476: Chapter 476 Close Your Eyes!_1
On the other end, Leng Chenmo who wasn’t getting any response no matter how much he yelled, felt his heart sank to the abyss.
Was it too late? Had something terrible happened to Tang Zhou?
Leng Chenmo’s heart pounded heavily in apprehension. He had originally planned to use the elevator to go to the underground parking lot, but now even driving seemed too slow. He rushed to the rooftop terrace, each second was of the essence.
Having hung up one call, he dialed another. His voice was grave and laced with notes of desperation, “Send a helicopter to the rooftop of Junxing Weibo Building to pick me up immediately. If you’re not here in three minutes, don’t bother showing up again!”
“Three minutes, Leng, your command is a little too demanding.” A voice responded through the phone. Before he’d finished his protest, Leng Chenmo cut him off venomously, his tone deadly, “Stop stalling and hurry up!”
After hanging up, Leng Chenmo dialed Ye Junqing’s number.
As soon as the call was picked up, he swiftly relayed the information, “Tang Zhou’s in trouble at Qiaoshan section of National Highway 406. Quickly bring the medical team and a tow truck. Hurry!”noveldrama
“What happened to Tang Zhou?”
“Somebody’s trying to kill him. If you’re a step late, you’ll only be able to collect his corpse!”
At that moment, Ye Junqing was unaware of Tang Zhou’s crisis but he knew Leng Chenmo wouldn’t joke about something like this. His face fell, “I’m on my way!”
“If you get there before me, kill anyone who tries to harm Tang Zhou on sight!” The blood-thirsty tone resonated with deadly authority.
A helicopter whirred into view in less than three minutes. Before it had even settled on the rooftop, Leng Chenmo had seized hold of the helicopter door and leapt aboard.
His voice was urgent, “Qiaoshan section of National Highway 406. Get me there as fast as possible!”
On Qiaoshan section of National Highway 406, Tang Zhou was outnumbered and was knocked out by Leng Weixuan who dragged him into the sports car.
After barely two minutes in the car, Leng Weixuan rushed out cursing, “Damn it, what a day!”
The bodyguards circling the sports car taunted, “Sir Leng, how was it? Is Tang Zhou a man or a woman?”
“If you want to know, go check yourself. Damn, it’s disgusting! I have to wash my eyes later. Leng Chenmo picked up such a thing and even dared to fawn over the Ye’s Family, tossing away his own dignity. This is an absolute disgrace to the Leng’s Family!”
Why is Leng in such a mood?
The bodyguards were confused.
One of them, curious, asked, “Sir Leng, is Tang Zhou pretending to be a boy?”
Leng Weixuan spit and groaned, “Indeed, Tang Zhou is a woman. Just go and see for yourselves. And yes, wake him up. I think I should have relieved my anger by beating him up a little more. But for someone like Tang Zhou, I can’t bring myself to do it!”
One of the square-faced bodyguards, eager to investigate, went into the car and soon echoed Leng Weixuan’s exclamation. Realizing he couldn’t bring himself to lay a finger on Tang Zhou either, the bodyguard grasped Tang Zhou’s acupoint to revive him.
Tang Zhou groggily came to, and even before his eyes were open, he was clutching his aching head, grimacing in pain. He sat up and realized several pairs of eyes were peeking into the car from the outside, and he, was entirely unclothed.
In a flurry, feeling a rush of blood to his head, Tang Zhou hastily sought some clothing to cover himself while cursing, “Get your eyes off me!”
###Chapter 477: Chapter 477: Leng Weixuan, Shut Up!_1
Leng Weixuan broke through the circle of bodyguards observing Tang Zhou’s predicament with nosy curiosity, his taunting laughter not concealed at all. “Isn’t it too late now to ask everyone to close their eyes? Tang Zhou, who would have thought you turned out to be a Class 3 cripple. If I were born like you, I would’ve dashed my head and killed myself, rather than remaining in this world just to disgust people. How dare you swagger around outside every day, do you even know how to spell the word ‘humility’?”
In sheer panic, Tang Zhou began to search for his trousers, but before he could locate them, Leng Weixuan raised his baseball bat and picked up Tang Zhou’s pants resting on top of the car’s roof, saying, “Looking for this?”
Tang Zhou stepped out of the car, trying to snatch his trousers back, but Leng Weixuan retreated two steps, hiding behind some bodyguards, laughing vehemently while teasing him, “Why would someone like you need trousers anyway? If I were you, I would jump straight into a ravine, what’s the point of even living?”noveldrama
Picking up a shirt from the driver’s seat, Tang Zhou loosely wrapped it around his waist, attempting to tie a knot. Hearing Leng Weixuan’s insult, he forcefully pushed away the bodyguards standing in his way, revealing his fury. “Leng Weixuan, shut your mouth!”
His disability was a pain he could never admit even to himself!
His brother had always told him that it was nothing and that he should not be stressed. He had suggested Tang Zhou embrace it, saying he’d always wanted a sister anyway.
This was the first time someone blatantly told Tang Zhou that he should kill himself to avoid disgusting the world!
Tang Zhou’s face showed utmost embarrassment. When the bodyguards tried to hold him back, he retaliated with his fists.
His fighting skills were not particularly good, but during normal fights, people were considerate of his identity and dared not really take him on. Therefore, he was the victor in most cases. But the bodyguards Leng Weixuan had brought today were skilled fighters who didn’t hold back. It didn’t take long for Tang Zhou to be taken down with a swift kick.
Seizing the opportunity, Leng Weixuan pushed away his bodyguards and stepped on Tang Zhou’s face, using his foot to keep him pinned down, shouting with victory! “Go ahead, show your might! Do you think, with the Ye’s Family basking in glory, the Leng’s Family will bow down to you? You dared to step on my face, Leng Weixuan? I dare you to try it again, I dare you to be arrogant, I dare you to show your worth!”
“Trying to discover what force can motivate Leng Chenmo, despite you being a Class 3 cripple… I wonder guys, how does this kid have to beg Leng Chenmo, every night, for Leng Chenmo to take any interest?”
“Haha, if it were me, even for a billion yuan, I wouldn’t be interested. The once supreme head of our Leng’s Family, he is pretty much a sellout! Saying yes to everything for his own survival, even something as disgusting as this…”
“…”
One after another, these provocative words struck Tang Zhou so deeply that he wished for both himself and Leng Weixuan to die together.
Tang Zhou, his face under someone’s foot, locked his arms around Leng Weixuan’s legs. He tried repeatedly to throw Leng Weixuan off but the bodyguards quickly kicked him away.
Shielding his head with his hands, despite feeling his bones crack from the kicks, Tang Zhou refused to yield. He attempted time and again to grasp an opportunity to get up, but each time he was kicked back mercilessly, unable to even crawl.
Observing that Tang Zhou had no energy left, Leng Weixuan signaled his bodyguards to step back.
Wielding his baseball bat, Leng Weixuan mercilessly hit Tang Zhou’s back twice. He then squatted down, grabbed Tang Zhou by his hair, and spread his legs wide apart, declaring, “Crawl under my legs if you want to be spared. If not, I will let the whole world know tomorrow that you, Tang Zhou, are not only a girl but also a Class 3 cripple!”
###Chapter 478: Chapter 478 Damn it, He Wants to Massacre the City_1
A man can die but never be insulted, even if it drained the last bit of his energy, Tang Zhou would never stoop to Leng Weixuan’s low levels!
Like a wounded beast, Tang Zhou took a moment before seizing the opportunity to push Leng Weixuan away, quickly scrambling to his feet, eyes squinted due to the beating, mindlessly lunging at Leng Weixuan like a madman.
Remembering the mockery of his weakness made him unable to get past the toll it took on his mind, he roared in fury, “I’m going all out against you today!”
When a person is in a state of rage, even if there is only a moment left in their life, an unprecedented strength can erupt, just as it did for Tang Zhou at this moment.
He tackled Leng Weixuan to the floor, immediately landing a punch. The bodyguards closed in, trying to pull him away, but Tang Zhou fought with everything he had, not letting go of any chance to bash Leng Weixuan, who was now also left with a bruised and swollen face.
With much difficulty, the bodyguards eventually separated Tang Zhou. Leng Weixuan was now too battered to stand.
Lying on the ground for a while, Leng Weixuan finally staggered back onto his feet, picking up a baseball bat from the ground and swung it towards Tang Zhou’s head: “Damn it, if I don’t kill you today, then my name isn’t Leng Weixuan!”
“Bang!”
Just as the baseball bat was about to strike Tang Zhou’s left brain, a bullet directly hit Leng Weixuan’s shoulder.
“Ah!” Leng Weixuan shrieked in agony like a slaughtered pig.
From the sky above, a helicopter approached. Leng Chenmo, with a sniper rifle on his shoulder, took aim and fired without hesitation.
Through the sniper scope, he saw Tang Zhou, disheveled and covered only by a shirt tied around his waist. His shoulders, back, stomach, and face were covered in purple-green bruises. All this was in the vision of Leng Chenmo’s deep eyes.noveldrama
Damn it! He was ready to raise hell!
Leng Chenmo’s face suddenly contorted, menacing like Satan from hell!
Leng Chenmo accurately aimed at everyone excluding Tang Zhou, targeting their hearts or foreheads. His hawk-like eyes had only one thought: They shall all die for Tang Zhou!
One by one, the bodyguards were shot down, terrifying Leng Weixuan into shielding himself with Tang Zhou, yelling towards the sky, “Stop or I’ll kill him!”
Within a brief moment, the helicopter was about to land. Not waiting for it to stabilize, Leng Chenmo dropped the sniper rifle and picked up another handgun, leaping from the helicopter.
“It’s Leng Chenmo!”
“Run.”
A lucky surviving bodyguard next to a sports car darted for a motorcycle, but before he could start it, Leng Chenmo’s bullet had found the back of his head, sending him straight to heaven.
The other bodyguards, witnessing this, dared not risk any further. Someone suddenly knelt down, hands above their head, pleading, “Mr. Leng, please don’t kill, please don’t kill me, I surrender, I…”
Unfortunately, before his plea of surrender could be uttered for the third time, Leng Chenmo pointed the barrel directly at his forehead, ending his life.
Running was futile, surrendering was too. The remaining bodyguards were scared out of their wits.
The Leng Chenmo in their sight was a devil, a grim reaper, his face filled with a bloodthirsty intent to kill…
“Len-len-len…..cousin!” Leng Weixuan was so frightened he urinated himself, “I-I-I-I… I was just messing around with Tang Zhou, we were just playing around, please let me go, I will release him!”
###Chapter 479: Chapter 479: Leng Chenmo Overwhelmed with Rage_1 
“Are you trying to mess around?” 
Leng Chenmo stared at Tang Zhou, whose neck was squeezed by Leng Weixuan. The veins on his hand that held the gun popped out, and his voice hoarsened, “Well then, today, I’ll play along with you!” 
Sweat soaked Leng Weixuan’s entire body. He tried to make himself smaller, hiding behind Tang Zhou, thinking that Leng Chenmo wouldn’t dare to shoot recklessly, in case he hit Tang Zhou… 
Unexpectedly, a gunshot rang out, “Bang”. 
“Ah!” Leng Weixuan’s left kneecap was hit, causing him to kneel down due to the unbearable pain. 
“Bang”, another gunshot sounded. 
Just as he was forced to kneel, Leng Chenmo’s gun was already aimed at his crotch. 
“Ah!” 
This time it wasn’t a cry like a pig being slaughtered, but a chilling howl. He didn’t care about holding Tang Zhou anymore, he instinctively froze and covered his crotch, rolling on the ground. His blue sports pants were quickly stained with blood. 
Leng Chenmo’s next movement was to stride forward to catch Tang Zhou, whose body was collapsing. 
Tang Zhou could barely hold himself up, and with great effort from his swollen eyes, he could see that the person coming to rescue him was Leng Chenmo. 
He tried to muster a smile, eager to reclaim his usual composure. His words gushed out around the blood trickling from his mouth, “Why…did…you… come… so late?” 
“I’m sorry, I’m late,” Leng Chenmo stared at the congealed blood pouring out of Tang Zhou’s mouth, his breath staggering. His long arms held him firmly, allowing Tang Zhou’s head to lean on his shoulder. His movements were protective as he wiped the blood from Tang Zhou’s mouth, repeating with regret and self-blame, “I’m sorry…” noveldrama
“I… wasn’t… a coward…,” Tang Zhou seemed to care a lot about this. 
“I know, you’re never a coward,” Leng Chenmo picked him up, intending to take him to the helicopter. 
However, Tang Zhou pointed to his pants on the ground, “Pick up the pants, give them to me.” 
Leng Chenmo stared at the pants on the ground, now marred with numerous footprints, he said, “Forget about them.” 
“No, I want my pants.” He didn’t want Leng Chenmo to know about his hidden condition. Besides his own brother, he didn’t want anyone else to know his secret. He didn’t want anyone to look at him differently. 
But with his eyes barely open, Tang Zhou, still on high alert, looked at the remaining people at the scene: “They know my secret,” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll silence them for you,” Leng Chenmo understood what was at stake and what Tang Zhou feared. 
Hearing this, the few people who were still alive all knelt on the ground, knocking their heads continuously, making loud noises: “Mr. Mo, Mr. Tang, please spare us. I promise to keep this a secret. I won’t utter a word about it. I swear on my family’s lives that I absolutely won’t disclose a single word.” 
Leng Chenmo tossed his gun to one of the followers who had gotten off the plane with him. His merciless voice, void of any emotion, ordered, “Kill them all, leave none alive. Except for Leng Weixuan.” 
He wouldn’t let Leng Weixuan die so easily! 
“Yes!” Ling Zufeng, who had accompanied Leng Chenmo, respectfully nodded. 
Ling Zufeng was quite curious about Tang Zhou’s secret, but he dared not to ask. Seeing Leng Chenmo’s sullen face, Ling Zufeng knew that his boss was truly furious. Pissing him off at this point would be a death sentence! 
After leaving these words behind, Leng Chenmo carried Tang Zhou to the sports car, picked up the trousers from the ground, brushed off the footprints, and handed it to Tang Zhou. He asked in an extremely gentle voice, “Do you need help putting these on?”
###Chapter 480: Chapter 480: I Owe Your Woman A Life_1 
Tang Zhou’s eyebrows twitched in refusal. “No need.” He quickly declined. 
“Alright, then I’ll wait for you by the car door.” Leng Chenmo finished speaking and shut the car door for him. 
Afterward, he leaned against the car, staring at the guardrail of the winding mountain road. It was here last night, where Tang Zhou’s car plunged into the valley. A cold sweat broke out on Leng Chenmo. He wasn’t sure if he had arrived a few moments late, would he have been thrown down the valley disguised as a car accident, being burnt into nothing but a pile of bones? 
Even now, his heart was still beating nervously. 
He so desperately wanted to hold the still intact Tang Zhou tightly in his arms to feel his vibrant life, but Leng Chenmo kept reigning himself in, always with an uneasy feeling in his heart. 
Just then, a rumbling sound echoed from above in the sky. 
It was the arrival of Ye Junqing’s helicopter; 
Arriving at the same time as Ye Junqing was Leng Chenmo’s other brother, Chen Yi. 
After jumping out of the helicopter, Chen Yi looked at the bodies littered all over the ground, took a sharp intake of breath, quickened his steps to Ling Zufeng’s side, and asked, “What’s going on? Did the young Leng Weixuan with such a pitiful bunch think he could kill brother Shen?” 
Ling Zufeng shook his head, pointed to the person in the car, and said, “Not killing Brother Shen, but causing trouble for ‘Tang Zhouzhou’.” 
‘Tang Zhouzhou’ was a nickname the brothers had come up with for Tang Zhou. 
They still couldn’t figure out why Leng Chenmo willingly reduced himself to becoming a son-in-law of the Ye Family. Brother Shen was adamant, and they were helpless to dissuade him. Day by day, they could only watch as Tang Zhouzhou paraded Brother Shen around in public, treating Shen as a lowly servant to command at will. 
Ah, a beauty’s bane indeed! 
Ye Junqing also got off the aircraft and brought a medical team. He moved slowly towards the car, his face tense, he asked Leng Chenmo, “What happened? Who killed these people?” 
“Me.” Leng Chenmo simply responded with that single word. 
His face was still painted with a bloodthirsty expression. The deaths of these men hardly seemed to extinguish his rage. Just recalling the moment he opened the car door at the foot of the mountain last night. The sight of those charred bones made Leng Chenmo almost want to commit mass murder! 
At this point, Ye Junqing was still not aware that if Leng Chenmo had arrived even a moment later, Tang Zhou would have been burnt to bone. His gaze fell through the car window onto Tang Zhou’s body inside. He was about to open the car door but was stopped by Leng Chenmo. “Let him get dressed first.” 
Ye Junqing’s face darkened. His eyes moved towards Leng Weixuan, who was lying on the ground, crying out in pain. He could probably guess what had happened. “How is Zhou?” 
“Not good. Call the medical team over. He’s suffered severe physical injuries.” Leng Chenmo’s fist clenched tight. His icy voice was filled with self-blame, “I arrived too late!” 
He miscalculated the time of Tang Zhou’s accident and couldn’t make it in time. Leng Chenmo felt like punching himself. 
Ye Junqing nodded coldly, then heard Leng Chenmo continue. “We nearly lost him.” 
In reality, they didn’t almost lose him. They had truly lost the Tang Zhou in the car. If it weren’t for Ye Junqing’s woman… 
With a solemn voice, Leng Chenmo said, “I owe your woman a life.” noveldrama
Ye Junqing: “….” 
At that moment, Ye Junqing still didn’t understand the meaning behind his words. 
Just as he was about to ask, Tang Zhou pushed open the car door from the inside. Seeing Tang Zhou’s bruised face, Ye Junqing’s expression became extremely grim. Ye Junqing was about to reach out to help him when Leng Chenmo acted first. He simply lifted Tang Zhou out of the car, not giving him a chance to get down by himself.
###Chapter 481: Chapter 481 Have you gone mad, Leng Chenmo_1 
“Put me down, I can walk myself.” There’re so many people watching, how could Tang Zhou possibly feel comfortable being carried like a princess? 
Even though she was a woman, she had lived for over twenty years behaving like a tough man. Could the situation at least consider her feelings? It was so embarrassing! 
Unfortunately, Leng Chenmo ignored her protests with a tight face. In front of the crowd, he carried her straight to the helicopter he rode in. He then said to the medical staff standing beneath the helicopter, “Trouble you to get on and treat her injuries.” 
The medical team glanced at Ye Junqing. When Ye Junqing nodded, they followed him onto Leng Chenmo’s helicopter. 
Once on the aircraft, Tang Zhou was heard complaining: “Damn it, let go of me, we’ve boarded the plane and you’re still holding me. Don’t you feel embarrassed, Leng Chenmo? Aren’t you ashamed? Are you crazy? You can’t just hold me whenever you want, take your dirty hands off me!” 
Unfortunately, Leng Chenmo was the sort that didn’t care about all the uproar. He was stubborn and wouldn’t compromise because of someone else’s noise. He kept his arms stiff and held her tightly, refusing to loosen his grip from beginning to end. 
Seeing Leng Chenmo’s gloomy face, the medical team wisely chose to quietly treat Tang Zhou’s wounds. 
When Ye Junqing came up, Tang Zhou seemed to have found a savior: “Brother Qing, throw this man off the plane, I can’t stand him anymore! I’m not injured, why does he look at me as if I finally came back from the dead? He must be crazy!” 
“He is your official partner, I have no right to stop him from doing anything to you.” 
Ye Junqing left them with this comment then took a seat, looking sideways at the wound on her face: “Did Leng Weixuan do this?” 
At the mention of this, Tang Zhou got angry: “I want to kill him, I definitely want to kill him!” 
There was only one person left who knew her secret. If Leng Weixuan revealed her condition, there was no way she could continue her life in the aristocratic circle. Tang Zhou was both worried and angry. The pain was unbearable, especially when the doctor touched her wounds, and it made her scream. 
“Be gentle, are you trying to kill me?” 
Upon hearing her words, Leng Chenmo’s strained voice was full of a dangerous warning: “Don’t hurt her!” 
Then, he looked down at Tang Zhou and said, “I promise, I’ll let him live for now, but you can have your revenge later.” noveldrama
Tang Zhou nodded, though still worried: “Shut him up for me, don’t let him speak recklessly! No, I want to go warn him myself! I can’t trust even you! Let go of me, or I’ll beat you up!” 
Leng Chenmo always held Tang Zhou tightly. Only by holding her close could he believe she was still alive. He feared that all of this was a dream. A dream where he had taken a sleeping pill and dreamt of saving Tang Zhou in the nick of time. 
Leng Chenmo, from above, spoke to Ling Zufeng standing outside of the helicopter, “Tell Leng Weixuan, if he dares to leak anything about today, I will send him straight to hell!” 
Ling Zufeng nodded: “Yes, Brother Chen.” 
“Okay, don’t worry, I assure you that no one will know your secret. Be still and let the doctor treat your wounds.” 
Tang Zhou huffed and kept quiet, but her whole body was in pain. Asking her to stay still was easier said than done. 
As soon as the doctor touched the bruises on her body, she screamed, “Don’t you have anesthetic? Give me a shot, it’s too painful, is my face disfigured? Who has a mirror, let me see my face. That bastard Leng Weixuan dared to step on my face with the sole of his shoe. He dared to step on a face that needs to wear a face mask every day. Am I disfigured?”
###Chapter 482: Chapter 482 Ahhh…I don’t want to live anymore!_1 
Ye Junqing stared at his horrendously damaged face for a while before reluctantly saying, “You haven’t lost your looks.” 
“Really? Junqing bro, are you just trying to comfort me? Give me your phone. I need to check in the mirror.” 
Yi Junqing did not want to give him the phone, but Tang Zhou already found Leng Chenmo’s cell phone in his pocket. He switched on the selfie mode and took a look at his face. Before he could utter a curse, Leng Chenmo said, “It’s alright. I don’t mind you being ugly…” 
But before Leng Chenmo could finish, Tang Zhou suddenly began crying, “What happened to my face? Ahhhh… I don’t want to live anymore!” 
Then, whether because he was too emotional or shocked by his own reflection, he suddenly fainted. 
Leng Chenmo was startled, his heart jumping into his throat, “Zhou! Zhou!” 
Unfortunately, no one answered him. Tang Zhou had already passed out. 
“Doctor, what’s happening?” Leng Chenmo’s voice was full of worry as he instinctively reached out to feel his pulse, afraid that his injuries were too severe and he wouldn’t take another breath. 
Luckily, when he placed his finger under his nose, he could feel his powerful breathing. 
A female doctor in the medical team murmured, “Don’t worry, sir. He might have fainted because he saw his own disfigured face.” 
Leng Chenmo just stood there, speechless. 
He could understand if Tang Zhou had fainted from pain, but to faint from his own ugly reflection? Leng Chenmo was speechless and didn’t know what expression he should have on his face. 
Ye Junqing covered his face with his hand, not wanting to watch such embarrassing spectacle of his dumb brother. 
The helicopter landed directly at the hospital where the parents of Ye Xingguang were living. A mobile hospital bed was already waiting on the hospital’s balcony. As soon as Leng Chenmo bare Tang Zhou out of the copter, the mobile bed was pushed in front of him. 
Leng Chenmo carefully placed Tang Zhou on the mobile bed, and then, Tang Zhou was taken away for X-rays. 
Leng Chenmo waited outside the X-ray room, glancing at the time on his wristwatch. The one-hour deadline was approaching. Had he managed to save Tang Zhou’s life? 
Leng Chenmo was uncertain, his gaze fixed on his wristwatch, counting down in his mind. Miss Ye had told him he could only go back in time by one hour. What would happen when the hour was over? noveldrama
When he counted down to “one”, Leng Chenmo suddenly felt dizzy. 
He held his head, and by the time the dizziness passed, the scene in front of him had changed. 
Even though he had been leaning against the wall outside the X-ray room just now, now he was sitting in a VIP ward with Tang Zhou lying on the bed. A nurse was standing by the side, changing Tang Zhou’s IV drip. 
Leng Chenmo was stunned for a moment, the time on his wristwatch had also changed. It showed the time when he was keeping vigil at the funeral parlor – nine thirty in the evening. 
New memories began to surface in his mind. They were about what had happened from yesterday’s X-ray session to his vigil in the hospital tonight. It turned out he had been watching over Zhou for a whole day and night in the hospital, but Zhou still had not woken up. 
… 
In the funeral parlor, barely thirty seconds after Leng Chenmo had taken the regret mend pill, Ye Xingguang said, “Let’s leave the funeral parlor. If Mr. Leng could save Tang Zhou’s life in time, the funeral parlor will soon cease to exist.” 
Ji Qishu was still yelling, “Xingguang, do you think I would believe your nonsense? I am not leaving tonight. I will keep the vigil for my brother here. No one should try to make me leave using any sort of excuse.”
###Chapter 483: Chapter 483 A slap in the face comes as fast as a tornado_1
Ye Xingguang couldn’t be bothered to argue with Ji Qishu, she simply turned to Mr. Ye and said: “We will soon find out if Mr. Leng is able to save Tang Zhou. If Mr. Leng is able to save Tang Zhou, then he is not dead, and you will not hold a funeral for him. The decorations in the funeral hall will naturally cease to exist. If you do not believe me, count down thirty seconds. I predict that the funeral hall will change its appearance very quickly.”
Mr. Ye was skeptical, his gaze fixed on the portrait hanging over the funeral hall, his voice low and hopeful: “I hope so.”
Although the others did not necessarily believe Ye Xingguang’s words, they couldn’t help but glance upwards at the funeral hall, wishing that the solemn decorations could indeed disappear.
Only Ji Qishu responded: “Are you all crazy? Believing in Ye Xingguang’s nonsense. No matter whether you countdown thirty or one hundred and thirty seconds, funerals don’t simply change. If you don’t agree, I’ll count for you. Thirty, Twenty Nine, Twenty Eight, Twenty Seven, Twenty Six…”
Just as Ji Qishu was about to count twenty-five, a miracle happened!
The portrait of Tang Zhou that hung high in the funeral hall, suddenly disappeared!
Ji Qishu rubbed his eyes vigorously, thinking he was hallucinating, but even the white mourning cloth that was hanging all over the hall had disappeared!
The funeral hall before his eyes, had reverted back to how it used to look before being decorated for the funeral!
Ji Qishu jumped up: “What’s happening? What is this?”
Before Ji Qishu could finish his sentence, his vision blurred, and when he opened his eyes again, he was no longer in the funeral hall, but in a hospital room!
In the hospital room, it was not just him alone, but also Tang Xiao, Mo Fei, Fu Zhuo, Mu Nianbai, Mo Zhe, Ye Shiting, and Lin Nan…
The next second, Ji Qishu took a closer look, his best, best buddy was lying in a hospital bed!
Ji Qishu could not believe his eyes. He rubbed them vigorously, almost blinding himself, then pinched himself hard enough to make him jump. Even so, he still couldn’t believe that the bruised and battered person lying on the hospital bed was his buddy.
After staring blankly for three seconds, Ji Qishu lunged over to the bedside, reaching out to touch Tang Zhou’s face.
Seeing Ji Qishu about to touch Tang Zhou’s face, Leng Chenmo’s facial expression froze: “Don’t touch his face!”
“Is this… is this not a dream? Fu Zhuo, Mo Fei, tell me – am I dreaming? Is it really Tang Zhou, my buddy? His face is so battered I can hardly recognise it, you must see it for yourselves!”
Fu Zhuo was equally stunned, not believing the scene before his eyes.
“What’s going on here? Where’s the funeral hall? How did we end up in a hospital?” Fu Zhuo asked, looking at Ji Qishu. Just a moment ago, Ji Qishu was wearing a white mourning dress, but now he was changed into a festive red shirt.
Mo Fei crossed his arms and shook his head. However, upon seeing Tang Zhou lying unconscious in the bed, the usually stoic Mo Fei couldn’t hold back his tears– these were tears of joy.
Tang Xiao couldn’t hold back the tears welling up in his eyes. He tipped his face upward, trying to contain his tears, and suppressed his surging emotions to ask Leng Chenmo: “Leng Chenmo, what happened here? What happened after you ate the remorse pill?”noveldrama
Leng Chenmo, holding Tang Zhou’s hand tightly, with his profound gaze fixed on the unconscious Tang Zhou in the bed, quietly replied: “We went back to yesterday afternoon, right before Tang Zhou’s car fell into the ravine. We saved him and took him to the hospital, but he’s been sleeping for a full day and night without waking up.”
###Chapter 484: Chapter 484 – Irritated by My Slowness For a Lifetime_1
Tang Xiao couldn’t believe in this miracle, tears kept falling: “So, the new memories that appear in my mind are true, I came back from an overseas trip, just got off the airplane and received a call from Ye Junqing, saying Tang Zhou was in an accident, was in the hospital, several of his bones were broken and the external injuries were severe, but there was no life-threatening danger, are all these real?”
Fu Zhuo said, “I also have new memories in my mind. Grandfather Qing called me, saying Tang Zhou was ambushed by Leng Weixuan on the mountain road, got severely injured and was sent to the hospital. Do all of you have similar new memories?”
The others were shaking their heads in disbelief.
The most exaggerated was Ji Qishu, a grown man, crying loudly without any image in front of the hospital bed: “I also have, I also have new memories, I was waiting for Tang Zhou at the restaurant, he stood me up, so I called him, in the new memory I wasn’t unable to reach him, in the new memory, the one who answered the phone was Leng Chenmo, he told me that Tang Zhou was in the hospital, then I rushed to the hospital without even eating my meal!”
As Ji Qishu spoke, he looked around: “Where is Little Starlight? Where is she? Could it be that everything she said was true, is there really a regret medicine in this world, was it her who made my brother come back to life? Where is she now? I want to give her three kowtows to show my gratitude!”
Ji Qishu, who just a minute ago was furious at Ye Xingguang, now wished nothing more than to kneel before her, repeatedly slapping his own face until swelling, as long as his brother could survive, let alone slapping his face, even if he needed to sever his arm, he would be willing.
But as he looked around, Ye Xingguang wasn’t there, neither was Qing.
At this very moment, in the corridor outside Tang Zhou’s ward, Ye Junqing was supporting himself against the wall with one hand, trapping Ye Xingguang between his body and the wall. His gaze looking down on her was full of gratitude, he also had new memories in his mind.
In his new memory, Leng Chenmo called him yesterday afternoon, saying Tang Zhou was schemed against, then he hurried over with a medical team, and took Tang Zhou to the hospital, all of these were thanks to the mermaid in his arms.
If it weren’t for Ye Xingguang, perhaps he would now be keeping watch over Tang Zhou’s soul in the funeral hall.
Ye Junqing didn’t know how to express his gratitude, his fingers gently tucking her hair behind her ear, his voice soft and low: “How many people around me have you saved? Such heavy gratitude, how am I to repay you?”
“Hey, repay me slowly over a lifetime, there’s no rush, I’m not charging you any interest.”
She was also happy that Tang Zhou could be saved.
Ye Xingguang looked up, their eyes met, his gaze was full of her reflection and made her heart skip a beat. She averted her eyes shyly, but Ye Junqing held her chin with two fingers and turned her face back toward his, their eyes met again.
“Repaying slowly over a lifetime is too slow, I want to repay you now.”noveldrama
He stared intimately at her cherry-blossom-like lips, really wanting to express his gratitude to her right then. An ambiguous atmosphere emanated from his eyes, Ye Xingguang was enjoying this feeling, her heart filled with expectation.
She fluttered her long eyelashes: “Actually, you have also saved me, and my father, and Xiao Man, speaking of debts of gratitude, we can hardly tell who is in debt to whom. I just hope everyone around us is safe and healthy …”
“Then let us settle our debts to each other now.” With that, Ye Junqing leaned down and captured her lips…
###Chapter 485: Chapter 485: Accidentally Became the Darling of the Big Shots_1
“Little Starshine, so you’re here!”
Ji Qishu pushed open the door of the sickroom and immediately saw Ye Xingguang entwined with Ye Junqing.
In a flash, Ji Qishu shoved Ye Junqing aside without any regard, and then hugged Ye Xingguang, on the verge of tears in his excitement.
“Little Starshine, I, I, I…bear with me. It’s all because I’m illiterate and ignorant. I want to apologize for the nasty things I said before. Thank you, how can I repay you? You name it, I promise not to haggle.”
“If you can remove your sweaty paw and clear off, that would be the best recompense,” growled Ye Junqing, disturbed by the situation.
“Junqing, can’t you wait? Are you that needy?”
Ji Qishu retorted with a comment, and released Ye Xingguang. But then he took Ye Xingguang’s hand and walked into the sickroom saying, “After all, Little Starshine doesn’t belong to just you now, she is everyone’s. Brothers, am I right?”
Tang Xiao walked directly in front of Ye Xingguang, ready to kneel down, but Ye Xingguang, alarmed, stopped him just in time, “Don’t do that, I can’t bear it.”
“You can bear it, Miss Ye, no, Sister Ye, please let me pay my respects.”
Ye Xingguang wouldn’t entertain him. She persists, “No, no, no, I just bought my friend a pill for regret. If you really want to thank me, just have my back when I’m in trouble.”
Tang Xiao spoke very solemnly, “Even if you’re not in trouble, from now on, while I’m here, I absolutely won’t allow anyone to bully you. I will stand by this promise for a lifetime!”
Ji Qishu wiped a tear from the corner of his eye and said, “Little Starshine, I’ll have your back from now on too. If you’re ever in trouble, just drop my name.”
“And me!” chimed in Mo Fei, succinctly.
“And me!” Lin Nan.
“And me!” Mu Nianbai.
“And me!” Mo Zhe.
“And me!” Fu Zhuo.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to be modest. She cheerfully said, “Then I’m assured. It’s getting late and I need to go home and sleep. I’ll leave first. I’d also like to remind you all, about the pill my friend gave, please keep it a secret. It cost me a lot to get, and it’s a one-off. There are no others, so when it’s gone, it’s gone. Don’t ask me for more.”
There is only one pill in this world, and her friend gave it to him. What enormous cost must it have required?
Tang Xiao said, “Sister, can you tell me how much you paid to get it? I’ll reimburse you.”
“There’s no need. It cost me, not so much in money, but in other ways. It’s fine; didn’t Mr. Leng give me a jade ring?” She finished her sentence and stretched out her hand, “Speaking of which, Mr. Leng, could I trouble you to give me back the jade ring?”
Because everything had changed, the jade ring had actually returned to Leng Chenmo’s middle finger.
Leng Chenmo looked at the jade ring on his middle finger, removed it, and walked over to Ye Xingguang with great solemnity. He handed it to her and said, “The code name for the leader of this group of mercenaries is ‘Fire Glaze.’ Give me your phone, I’ll put her number in it.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t hesitate at all and handed over her phone.
Leng Chenmo entered Fire Glaze’s number into her phone, and then Ye Xingguang left.
Once she left the sickroom, she walked away playing with the jade ring.
Xiao Yun, who was setting up security and had locked down the entire hospital building, noticed the jade ring in her hand with sharp eyes. His eyes dimmed as if he had seen a long-lost lover. “Miss Ye, your jade ring …”
[An Ying: Good night, there are two more updates during the day, continue seeking monthly tickets, recommendation tickets, and seeking red beans, Mua~]
###Chapter 486: Chapter 486 Miss Ye, you need a hand_1
“What, you recognize this thing too?”
Xiao Yun’s face suddenly turned cold and cool: “This is the Fire Glazed Jade Ring used to command, why is it in your hands?”
“Leng Chenmo gave it to me, is this Fire Glazed very powerful? I don’t know if this jade ring is worth keeping.”
Xiao Yun’s expression grew stern, seemingly in disbelief: “Why would Leng Chenmo give Miss Ye the Fire Glazed Jade Ring?”
“He owed me a favor, using this to pay it back. Why, are you very interested?”
Ye Xingguang observed Xiao Yun, his curiosity very evident.
Xiao Yun fell into silence for a long time, as if a huge temptation was testing his willpower, making it hard for him to resist.
Xiao Yun stayed silent for a while, then said: “Miss Ye, if you don’t mind, I am willing to help you manage the Fire Glazed. Although you have obtained the jade ring, earning the respect of the mercenary group Fire Glazed may not be easy. You need assistance.”
“Really? Well, thank you, Brother Xiao.”
Xiao Yun’s eyes flickered: “Miss Ye, you’re welcome. It’s my honor to serve you. Shall I call Fire Glazed now to summon her to the capital to accept your command?”
Ye Xingguang thought for a moment: “At your discretion.”
After she finished speaking, she disappeared, extremely exhausted. Her father was due for surgery the next day, so she needed to get a good night’s sleep.
After Ye Xingguang left, Xiao Yun also stepped outside the building, took out a cigarette, and smoked for a long time. Only after a long time did he finally make up his mind to call a number that he hadn’t dialed in a long time…
Even before the phone call was connected, the contradictions in his heart had already overwhelmed him.
…
Tang Zhou awoke two hours later. As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw a group of people crowding around his hospital bed watching him as if he were a zoo animal. A thought suddenly struck Tang Zhou: “What are you all looking at me for?”
Could it be that during his coma, his hidden illness was exposed to his brothers?
At this thought, Tang Zhou’s scalp tingled. He quickly covered his face with the blanket. Would his brothers dislike him now?noveldrama
Leng Chenmo had remained by the head of the bed, occupying his spot without moving the entire two hours. Not even a trip to the restroom could make him leave.
Seeing Tang Zhou covering himself with a blanket, Leng Chenmo lifted it in case it smeared the ointment on his face.
Tang Zhou’s emotions were complex, he closed his eyes, not wanting to look at anyone, he feebly said: “Leave, all of you, stop looking at me.”
However, upon hearing his voice, Ji Qishu burst into tears, then threw himself onto Tang Zhou and started sobbing.
“Big brother, you finally woke up. You scared us to death. You’re not allowed to scare me like this again, do you understand? If you dare to scare me again, we’re done!”
Just two hours ago, when he saw Tang Zhou lying on the hospital bed, Ji Qishu had already broken down once. But at that time, Tang Zhou had not waked up, he couldn’t feel Tang Zhou’s vitality. Now that Tang Zhou had woken up and started to speak, Ji Qishu couldn’t control his emotions. Once again, he confirmed that his big brother really, really came back to life!
Leng Chenmo sat on the other side, watching Ji Qishu’s actions, and admonished sternly: “Don’t touch his facial wounds, don’t drop your tears on his face, his wounds will get infected!”
###Chapter 487: Chapter 487: Leng Chenmo Uncovers the Truth about Tang Zhou_1 
“Oh oh oh.” Ji Qishu quickly let go of Tang Zhou, then vigorously wiped his eyes, tears relentlessly pouring out. 
He panicked and said, “I can’t control my eyes, I must’ve drank too much water these past couple of days.” 
Tang Xiao pushed Ji Qishu away, stood besides the sickbed, his eyes tinged red as he closely stared at Tang Zhou, tucking him into the blanket, “How are you feeling?” 
“Brother, does everyone know my secret now? Are you all looking down on me? Get them all out of here!” Tang Zhou was very emotional. The unspeakable disease was his deepest shame. 
Tang Xiao’s hand was on the blanket, gently patting, “Don’t worry, nobody knows.” 
“What secret?” Ji Qishu asked. 
“Nothing.” Tang Xiao said. 
Ji Qishu persisted, “Big brother, do you have any secrets that I don’t know about?” 
Everyone else also wore similarly curious expressions. 
“What secret? What secret could I have? Shut up, have I become so hideous already? You’re crying. Have I been completely disfigured?” 
Tang Zhou felt relieved, but suddenly became despairing again, “Mirror, mirror, give me a mirror!” 
Leng Chenmo sat on the other side of the bed, afraid that after Tang Zhou saw his own face in the mirror, he would faint from the ugliness. He consoled, “Don’t worry, I asked the doctor. The doctor said that once you heal and the bruising is gone, your face will return to its normal look. Believe me, you won’t be ugly for long.” 
“So I’m hideous now? Don’t look at me, don’t look at me, come visit me after I heal!” Tang Zhou yelled out loud. 
The brothers around the sickbed, seeing him yell out loud, being filled with such vitality, all heaved a big sigh of relief. 
“Seems like he has truly come back to life.” Ye Shiting broke into a faint smile, feeling like he had survived a calamity. noveldrama
The group of brothers stayed in the hospital room with him for more than an hour. It was almost midnight when they each went on their own way, leaving the hospital. 
Tang Xiao wanted to stay, but Leng Chenmo insisted to stand guard for the night. Tang Xiao looked deeply into Leng Chenmo’s eyes, remembering that his brother’s life was saved by Leng Chenmo. Tang Xiao pondered for a moment, “Come out with me for a bit.” 
Leng Chenmo followed Tang Xiao out of the hospital room. The two stood in the hallway outside the room. 
Tang Xiao said in a low voice, “Leng Chenmo, thank you for saving Zhou.” 
Leng Chenmo didn’t say anything. 
Tang Xiao continued, “I didn’t agree with Zhou taking you in from the civil affairs office. I don’t understand why you got so close to Zhou in the first place. I can tell that you don’t mean any harm towards Zhou, it’s just…” 
Leng Chenmo interrupted Tang Xiao, “I know what you are going to say… I can accept Zhou.” 
“You know?” 
“Because I know, I want to protect him even more.” 
Tang Xiao was taken aback by Leng Chenmo’s words. He frowned for a while, “You don’t despise Zhou?” 
Leng Chenmo, with his exceptionally keen observation skills, had come to understand people’s behavior very well. With a deep and profound voice, he said, “If I say I don’t despise him, will you believe me?” 
Tang Xiao bluntly said, “I would find it hard to believe.” 
“So, all the nonsense aside. You are Zhou’s elder brother. If I were to hurt him, you would not let me off. So, you may as well continue to have someone keep an eye on me just like you usually do.” 
His candid words left Tang Xiao not knowing what to say. He was indeed having someone secretly observe Leng Chenmo’s every move. 
Leng Chenmo’s uncanny luck of pulling out Zhou’s name at the civil affairs office seemed like more than just a coincidence. Taking advantage of his power, he looked into the matter and found Leng Chenmo’s registration form from when he had taken a number. 
In the column for partner preferences, Leng Chenmo had written a sentence ten times: I only want Tang Zhou!
###Chapter 488: Chapter 488 The Only Persistence, Only Tang Zhou!_1 
Few people know about the little cheat in the lottery system used by the Civil Affairs Bureau, but Tang Xiao is one of the few who do. 
The cheat is – if you have a specific spouse in mind, and you input their name in the spouse selection box, the system would make them one of the ten possible matches. Finding your preferred match out of the ten, however, still comes down to luck. 
But if you enter the same name ten times, all ten options will be your desired spouse, meaning no matter who you choose, it’ll be that person. 
Apparently, a tech geek who developed the system for the Civil Affairs Bureau created this loophole to help himself out. That same geek eventually snagged the girl he likes using this cheat. 
Leng Chenmo filled out the spouse preference form with “I only want Tang Zhou” ten times, obviously prepared! 
Tang Xiao certainly hoped that there would be someone genuinely willing to accept Little Zhou, but if it was Leng Chenmo, Tang Xiao felt it was unrealistic. He paused a moment before retorting, “I hope so, otherwise, I won’t let you off!” 
Having said that, Tang Xiao left. noveldrama
Watching Tang Xiao’s departing figure, a hint of sorrow flashed in Leng Chenmo’s eyes. He murmured to himself in a steady voice, “Otherwise, not to talk about you not letting me off, even I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself!” 
Having lived numerous lives and reborn countless times, he has seen it all and is indifferent to everything, except for Tang Zhou! 
If he doesn’t indulge Tang Zhou with love, then what was the point of his rebirth? 
Thinking about what Tang Zhou had done for him, Leng Chenmo’s heart ached uncontrollably. He stood outside the sickbed, lost in his past remorse, only coming to his senses when a sky-shattering scream came from within the ward. 
“Aaaaaah! My face!” 
As he was about to search for the source, Tang Zhou’s cries echoed from the bathroom. “My face!!!!” 
Massaging his forehead, Leng Chenmo entered the ward, standing at the door of the restroom. Seeing Tang Zhou crying in front of the mirror, he couldn’t help but tease, “Don’t worry about these little things.” 
“How can I not worry? You look so handsome and naturally you wouldn’t care! Only those on their feet know where the shoe pinches. Ahhhh, what do I do? I’m done for! I really am done for!” 
Leaning against the bathroom door, Leng Chenmo’s tense spirit finally relaxed. He found room for some teasing, “I won’t mind.” 
“What does it matter if you mind or not! My dream love will definitely mind, my three thousand concubines will definitely mind. What am I going to do? I’m going to grow old alone!” 
Leng Chenmo treated his wailing as white noise. The doctor said Tang Zhou broke several bones and needed proper rest. Leng Chenmo extended his arm around his: “Get back in bed. If you don’t heal properly, it’ll be more than just a scarred face.” 
“Oh, you’re right!” 
Tang Zhou obediently followed Leng Chenmo out of the bathroom and into the bed. He reached out to touch his face, but Leng Chenmo cautioned him, “Don’t touch. Your hand has bacteria. It might lead to an infection. Imagine your face festering in this heat…” 
Tang Zhou quickly pulled back his hand and laid stiffly on the sickbed, not daring to move an inch. He lamented, “Turn on the TV for me. If not, my attention will always be drawn to my face. Why am I so unlucky?” 
Leng Chenmo offhandedly said, “You can focus your attention on me instead.”
###Chapter 489: Chapter 489 I Understand, It’s All for Me _1 
“Piss off!” The first thing Tang Zhou said was a reprimand, “Where is that kid, Leng Weixuan?” 
“In another hospital room. I injured his manhood. The doctor said that Leng Weixuan will no longer be able to perform as a man!” Leng Chenmo said coldly and ruthlessly. 
Tang Zhou’s mood wasn’t lifted. He cast out a complex thought: “Really? What is he going to do then?” 
It’s not that he’s sanctimonious. Tang Zhou isn’t a very bad man by nature, and he himself has a hidden illness, so he is particularly concerned about this matter. 
“Let him suffer!” he said. The person who dared to hurt him, dared to insult him, was already kind enough even without taking his life! 
Leng Chenmo was never a tenderhearted person. His kindness was only relative. 
Tang Zhou frowned and said, “Leng Weixuan is Leng Weihong’s younger brother, and Leng Weihong is the current patriarch of the Leng family. He managed to kick you off the pedestal of the Leng’s family and turned you into a social pariah. With this, would Leng Weihong leave it be? Be careful of his revenge!” 
“Don’t I have your protection?” Leng Chenmo replied nonchalantly. 
Tang Zhou suddenly interjected, “I’m being serious. You need to be careful. You were too impulsive this time. I wasn’t really affected. I just got disfigured, but you were ready to kill. If the law gets involved, you do know you’ll go to jail, right?” 
A faint smile tugged at the corner of Leng Chenmo’s mouth: “Are you that worried about me?” 
“Damn it! Who cares about you? I’m just stating the truth. You’re fucking laughing for what?!” Tang Zhou exploded instantly. He turned his back to Leng Chenmo and mumbled annoyedly, “I want to sleep. What are you still doing here? Sniffing my farts?” 
After saying this, he closed his eyes. But the moment he did, he remembered, Leng Weixuan holding a baseball bat about to strike at him, and then, Leng Chenmo descending from the skies, his face filled with murderous intent, becoming a dreadful figure. 
Tang Zhou couldn’t suppress a smile curling at the corner of his lips, but as soon as he smiled, he felt a sharp sting from the wound at his mouth. He gritted his teeth in pain, then turned back to Leng Chenmo to complain, “It’s all because of you that I got into trouble with Leng Weixuan. After all, this undeserved calamity is because of you. Even if you’re now taking care of my everyday needs, it’s only right and proper. Do you understand?” 
Leng Chenmo’s lips curved into a light smile: “I understand, all of it’s for my sake.” 
Even though Leng Chenmo had said he understood, it still didn’t taste right to him. He thought about it and couldn’t figure out where it felt off. He eventually stopped pondering and huffed, “Humph! As long as you understand, that’s enough. I’m so hungry, is there anything to eat?” 
Leng Chenmo got up and replied, “There’s bone soup, but it’s already cold. I’ll go heat it up for you.” 
Tang Zhou swallowed his saliva abruptly, “There’s still bone soup? I want to drink it!” 
The room they were in was a VIP ward. The ward was as luxurious as the suites in a five-star hotel. It had a patient room, a visitor’s lounge, and even a kitchen. Leng Chenmo, knowing that Tang Zhou would be hungry, had already asked Tang Zhou’s housekeeper to prepare bone soup. 
Leng Chenmo took the box of bone soup into the kitchen and began to heat it. 
In the past, Leng Chenmo, being a refined gentleman, was a stranger to cooking. Ever since Tang Zhou wanted to eat a steak cooked by him, Leng Chenmo seemed to have developed an interesting fondness for cooking. noveldrama
When he was bored, he would learn cooking from his house chef. His cooking skills had improved gradually. Heating up soup was definitely a piece of cake for him. 
After the bone soup was well heated, Leng Chenmo brought it back to the room, raised the hospital bed, sat next to it, and prepared to feed him.
###Chapter 490: Chapter 490: Daring to Bully Me Because I’m a Girl_1 
Tang Zhou held out his own hand: “Give it to me. I’ll drink it myself. I’m not that picky, and it’s not like I’ve lost my hands or feet.” 
However, Leng Chenmo stayed silent, but not without making clear his intentions. He ladled out a spoonful of soup, blew on it gently, and offered it to Tang Zhou, signalling him to take a sip. 
Troubled, Tang Zhou pursed his lips: “I’m not a woman, I don’t need to be spoon-fed.” 
“Who was it recently spouting off that Tang Zhou is a girl?” Leng Chenmo retorted without missing a beat. 
Tang Zhou: “…” 
Well, fuck me! 
He actually dared to mock me for being a girl! But I’ve never lived my life like a girl. For the past twenty years, I’ve lived a completely manly life, tough and straightforward, not so weak, and definitely not so fussy as to need my soup spoon-fed. 
Tang Zhou silently cursed to himself, but opened his mouth and let himself be fed a few spoonfuls. He initially thought that this was rather silly, but after a few sips, he started to enjoy it. The peaceful atmosphere made him feel awkward, prompting him to find a topic to chat about: “This soup tastes pretty good. You didn’t make it, did you?” 
“No, but next time I’ll learn how to make soup,” Leng Chenmo replied. 
“No need, why don’t you stand up for yourself instead of being so submissive, like a sponge or cotton ball?” 
Having the former head of the Leng’s Family cooking for him should be thrilling, but the patriarch isn’t putting up any kind of fight. He just does whatever he’s told, making Tang Zhou feel an absence of triumph. 
How many times had he wished for Leng Chenmo to lose his temper, so that he could have a proper excuse to send him packing. However… 
Why can’t he bring back his authoritative aura as the former head of the Leng’s Family? Why is he always appeasing him? Not interesting at all! 
Tang Zhou spoke candidly: “I think it was more impressive when you jumped out of a plane, mowing people down with your gun. Honestly, you don’t have to pander to me all the time. Show the power and dominance you once held as the head of the house. Go back to the Leng’s Family and take care of Leng Weixuan. Continue being the patriarch, so you don’t have to suck up to me, catering to my needs all the time!” 
If not, I don’t see a way to send you away. How am I supposed to live my future days? 
However, Leng Chenmo unexpectedly threw back the sentence, unfazed yet somewhat provoking: “I don’t feel oppressed. These days are not bad, having you watch my back. It’s quite exhausting not having anyone protect me when I was the head of the house. This is a good chance to enjoy a new life where I’m protected.” 
Tang Zhou: “!!!” noveldrama
Tang Zhou: “I never thought you’re someone who can’t take a defeat. After one failure, you don’t plan to fight back? Do you plan to be subdued your entire life, to be my lackey, doing everything I ask you to?” 
Leng Chenmo nodded: “Why not? You provide me with food and clothing, even a suit of the best quality.” 
Well, fuck it! This guy actually plans to live off him for the rest of his life! How convenient! 
Tang Zhou, irritated, stated: “I’m telling you now, I’ll pay the penalty in one year at most. After that, you can get lost! Don’t plan on sticking around for the rest of your life! I, Tang Zhou, am not stupid. Why should I provide for you with food and clothes forever? Just because you think I’ve got you hooked, you can live in comfort, with no worries for the rest of your life? Even after marriage, there’s the seven-year itch, which makes divorce inevitable. We’re just put together by the powers that be, so don’t dream anything else!” 
Trying to do so secretly in a lifetime, he won’t be able to hide his secret from Leng Chenmo forever! 
Once Leng Chenmo finds out about his flaw, who knows how much he’ll loathe him then!
###Chapter 491: Chapter 491 Happiness Comes As Fast As A Tornado_1 
Thinking this, Tang Zhou suddenly lost his appetite. As someone like him, he would likely have to live alone for the rest of his life. He didn’t even think about inflicting himself onto others. Actually, living alone isn’t that bad since he has so many brothers, he wouldn’t have to worry about growing old alone! 
But then thinking that, a year later, he wouldn’t be able to casually order Leng Chenmo around like now, he felt a trace of regret seeping into his heart. 
It would be great if there was someone in this world who could accept his disabled body. Regrettably, this was nothing but a fantasy. The doctors have said that he could undergo surgery to fix his condition but he was scared of surgery… 
… 
The next day, 
Early in the morning, 
Ye Xingguang woke up early because her father needed to undergo a kidney transplant surgery today. 
The surgery was at nine-thirty in the morning. Li Yu was the main surgeon and assisting him were Bo Jingyu and several kidney specialist surgeons. The surgical team was quite formidable, but Ye Xingguang’s heart was still uneasy. 
Not until two in the afternoon, when the surgery was confirmed to be successful, did her restless heart finally calm down. 
After the surgery, her dad was moved to a special ward, where he would be observed for the next four days. During this period, family members were not allowed inside the ward, so Ye Xingguang and her mom stayed as close to the ward’s door as they could. noveldrama
In the evening, Ye Junqing arranged a dinner to thank the doctors who had operated on her father. Only then did Ye Xingguang agree to leave the door to the special ward. 
It was a must to offer a toast to each doctor at the dinner table, as this was her way of expressing her gratitude. 
Normally, her mom would stop her from drinking, but tonight she didn’t. Yen Junqing, hoping she would relax after such a tense day, also didn’t stop her. 
It was Li Yu, who looked as if he hadn’t slept for eight lifetimes after performing the surgery, that held up his cup and said, “Don’t drink too much. You look like a ghost when you’re drunk and I don’t like looking at that.” 
Ye Xingguang was already quite drunk and her cheeks were flushed. When drunk, she had a tendency to cling to people she was familiar with. Both Ye Junqing and Li Yu knew this. 
Li Yu didn’t want Ye Xingguang to lean on Ye Junqing when she got drunk, so he was unwilling. But happiness came in like a whirlwind. Ye Xingguang who was drunk actually snuggled up to him! 
Caught off guard by Ye Xingguang’s sudden embrace, Li Yu’s face turned red. The tall and burly man showed a hint of shyness as he struggled to get his words out, “What are you doing? Act more gracefully! I know that you’ve admired me since you were young! But there are so many people here, can’t you be a little more restrained?” 
But Ye Xingguang insisted on snuggling up to him, obediently and quietly like a Persian cat. She even made a “shush” gesture, “Quiet, this is baby’s nap time.” 
Ye Junqing was looking grim, “!!!!!” 
Seeing Ye Junqing’s darkened face but still managing to maintain the harmony of the dinner, Bo Jingyu, who was seated beside Li Yu, nudged Ye Xingguang’s arm, “You’re drunk. Do you even know who you’re lying on? Can you still recognize who is who?” 
Ye Xingguang was feeling giddy, she laboriously lifted her eyelids and upon seeing Bo Jingyu, she showed a row of pearly whites in a big smile, “I’m not drunk, of course I know who you are. You’re the man I’m providing for.” 
Bo Jingyu: “…..” 
Li Yu burst into laughter, “Doctor Bo is the man you’re providing for?” 
Ye Xingguang nodded her head vigorously and snuggled up to Li Yu, finding a comfortable position to continue leaning on him, completely oblivious to Ye Junqing’s glaringly unpleasant face!!!
###Chapter 492: Chapter 492: A man should be more generous, spoil her! _1 
He got up, walking toward Li Yu, intending to take Ye Xingguang back from Li Yu’s arms, but Ye Xingguang resisted, clinging tightly to Li Yu’s arm, and prepared to fight off anyone who tried to take her away. 
Li Yu smirked knowingly at Ye Junqing, “I already warned not to let her drink. Each time she gets drunk, she clings to me and rejects anyone else. It’s a bad habit since her childhood that she never changed, she subconsciously only trusts me, Ye Junqing, you don’t mind, do you?” 
In his heart, Ye Junqing was already raging and couldn’t wait to chop Li Yu into a bloody pulp, but his mother-in-law was sitting next to him. As humiliating as he felt, he had to pretend to keep a cool head, let out a fake smile, “Of course not.” 
However, his actions completely contradicted his words. He reached out, intending to take Ye Xingguang back into his arms. 
“Woo woo woo, meanie, don’t touch me, Brother Yu, protect me…” Yelling, Ye Xingguang started a racket. 
Ye Junqing: “!!!” 
So, he is the villain and Li Yu is the good guy? 
He just wants to strangle her, and no one better stop him! 
Bai Lanwu, who was sitting next to them, could only shake her head, “Oh, this child, she’s certainly drunk. Ye, just let her lean on Li Yu for a while. Today, she was tense outside the operating room for several hours, she’s probably really exhausted.” 
What else can Ye Junqing say? What else can he say? 
If not for the presence of his mother in law!! 
Unable to vent his rage, Ye Junqing pulled out his phone and posted in the family group, “Your own woman gets drunk and snuggles into another man’s arms instead of yours, what should I do?” 
Ji Qishu: “Don’t hesitate, spoil her!” 
Tang Xiao: “If she doesn’t cherish you enough in her heart, don’t hesitate, keep spoiling her!” 
Fu Zhuo: “Spoil her ruthlessly until next time she leans on you!” 
Mu Nianbai: “Find the reason in yourself if you lack charm, spoil her!” 
Ye Shiting: “A man should be magnanimous, spoil her!” 
Mo Fei: “No hesitation, spoil her!” 
Mo Zhe: “No hesitation, spoil her!” 
Tang Zhou: “Does this even need to be said? Of course you should discipline her, Brother Qing, what are you hesitating for? What’s with the chorus above?” 
Ye Junqing: “!!!!” 
What happened to his brothers? Only Zhou’s words were appealing to him. 
What was supposed to be an hour longer for the dinner, Ye Junqing just wanted to end it quickly and skip the toasting. As soon as he saw that almost everything had been eaten, he got up to pay the bill. noveldrama
Ye Junqing thought as soon as he paid, he could take Ye Xingguang back from the villain’s arms, but as soon as the party was over, a dazed Ye Xingguang got up and stumbled as she walked, still clinging to Li Yu’s arm. She pushed away anyone who tried to take over. 
They arrived at the restaurant entrance, and Ye Junqing arranged a car and had the expert doctors sent off first. 
In the end, only Ye Junqing, Bai Lanwu, and Ye Xingguang, who was still tightly clinging to Li Yu’s arm and leaning against him, were left. 
Ye Junqing said, “Mom, I’ll arrange a car to take you back to the hospital, and I’ll take Xingguang home tonight.” 
Bai Lanwu said, “That’s fine, you should make some hangover soup for her when you get home.” 
Ye Junqing nodded, his gaze sharp as a knife toward Li Yu, he chuckled, “Dr. Li, thank you for your hard work, could you please accompany my mother-in-law back to the hospital.” 
Li Yu has been unashamedly living in the small villa inside the hospital these days. Ye Junqing couldn’t force him out and could only tolerate him. 
But he was reaching his own limit of tolerance! 
Li Yu laughed and said, “I do want to take care of Aunt Bai, but this girl only recognizes me now. I think it would be better to take her back to the hospital, in case she gets drunk in the middle of the night and insists on having me, I’m afraid Mr. Junqing won’t be able to handle it. Or Mr. Junqing, why don’t you try calling her name now, see if she recognizes you?”
###Chapter 493: Chapter 493: A very handsome man, help me get him!_1 
Ye Junqing stared at Ye Xingguang who was hanging onto Li Yu’s arm and suddenly he didn’t dare to speak in fear of being rebuffed! 
Sigh… 
What original sun in his heart? It’s all a game for her! Only when she gets drunk can he see her true nature, nothing more than another flirty girl! 
“What’s the matter, Mr. Qing, have no confidence? Shall I ask her for you, darling girl, do you still remember him?” 
Ye Xingguang squinted at Ye Junqing, who she stared at intently. After staring for a while, just as Ye Junqing was about to lose his temper, Ye Xingguang suddenly poked Li Yu’s arm excitedly: “Brother Yu, such a handsome man, help me take him down!!!” 
Li Yu, who was waiting to see the drama unfold with Ye Junqing: “!!!!!” 
Ye Junqing, who feared being embarrassed in front of Xiao Yun: “!!!!!” 
Ye Junqing, suppressing his anger, squinted and laughed: “So handsome, would you like to sleep together tonight?” 
Ye Xingguang’s eyes lit up: “Do I seem that shallow to you?” noveldrama
“If you don’t want to, then I will move on.” 
Ye Junqing put on a full court charm at that moment. 
Ye Xingguang immediately let go of Li Yu’s arm: “Handsome guy, hold on, I see a dark shadow on your forehead. Better get undressed right away, let me help you ward off the evil.” 
As soon as those words left her mouth, even Bai Lanwu couldn’t stand to listen anymore. She covered her face, and much as she hated to admit it, this was her daughter. 
Bai Lanwu said: “Xiao Ye, take care of Xingguang, Li Yu, we better get in the car.” 
“Hmm.” Li Yu’s good mood abruptly ended. He cast a deep glance at the woman who shamelessly flirted and climbed into the car. 
Having finally seen off the person he least liked, Ye Junqing shoved Ye Xingguang into the car and then hurried inside himself. 
The woman who was forced into the car first wasn’t sitting properly. Instead she was squatting on the seat, her thick eyelashes fluttering as she gazed at him. Ye Junqing did not understand what she wanted: “Why aren’t you sitting?” 
Blushing, Ye Xingguang said in a soft, sweet and gentle voice: “Baby fell down, might need a kiss before I can sit.” 
Xiao Yun, seated behind them, was about to burst into laughter. 
Ye Junqing frowned: “That was a squat, not a fall.” 
Ye Xingguang immediately opened the car door, “Wait a moment, handsome, let me fall down again.” 
Ye Junqing’s heart jumped, and before she could fall out of the car, he quickly pulled her into his arms, roughly pecking at her forehead: “Is that enough?” 
“I guess we can go again.” Ye Xingguang closed her eyes, all satisfaction in her face at being kissed by the handsome man. 
But Ye Junqing didn’t want to indulge her. She was so drunk that she didn’t recognize him, hanging onto another man’s arm all night, and even claiming that Dr. Bo was her sugar boy. What other men was she keeping away from him? 
Discarding Ye Xingguang, whom he despised, Ye Junqing sat by himself, stewing in his own juices. 
While driving through a tunnel, their car suddenly had a flat tire and slid violently. Ye Junqing quickly shielded Ye Xingguang’s head with his arm, pulling her close into his arms, his expression turning grim: “What happened?” 
No sooner had he spoken, than there was a “bang”, and their car smashed into the one in front. 
There was another “bang” as a vehicle from behind crashed into their car. They were caught in an unavoidable chain collision. 
The driver hastily got out to inspect the damage. Standing next to the wreckage he reported, “Master Qing, I don’t know who littered the road with nails. It was too dark to notice. Now, the entire convoy has flat tires and is involved in collisions. I don’t know who would do such a despicable thing.” 
While the driver grumbled and pulled out his phone to call for a replacement vehicle, Xiao Yun, who was seated in the car, sensed an eerie atmosphere surrounding them.
###Chapter 494: Chapter 494 Everyone Swears to Protect Master Qing _1 noveldrama
Xiao Yun straightened his body, pulling out a pistol from under his exclusive seat. He adjusted the earpiece in his ear and said, “There seems to be trouble, everyone stay on guard.” 
Apart from Ye Junqing himself, the other cars in the caravan were occupied by bodyguards. Upon hearing Xiao Yun’s words, they all drew their weapons, got out of their vehicles, and circled the car Ye Junqing was in. Looking around the tunnel, they remained cautious and vigilant. 
Xiao Yun handed a bulletproof vest from the car to Ye Junqing, saying, “Lord Qing, there appears to be trouble. This is a tunnel, and so many spikes have been dropped. The opponents must be prepared.” 
Ye Junqing took the bulletproof vest and immediately put it on Ye Xingguang. Seeing this, Xiao Yun quickly took off his own bulletproof vest, but Ye Junqing waved his hand and said, “No need, I want to see who dares to provoke me.” 
“Who’s, who’s starting a fight?” A drunken Ye Xingguang, being forcefully dressed in the bulletproof vest, rolled up her sleeves, ready to fight, completely prepared to go on a killing spree. 
Ye Junqing firmly confined her in his arms, forbidding her to move. Suddenly, a gunshot rang out from the dark, and one of the bodyguards surrounding the car cried out, “Be careful, everyone get down!” 
At the moment everyone hit the ground, four modified, black off-road vehicles barged in from both ends of the tunnel like four fierce beasts. Each vehicle was mounted with a submachine gun, their menacing muzzles leaving the bodyguards on edge. 
In this situation, they were sitting ducks, with no place to hide. 
Xiao Yun assessed the situation, his back involuntarily breaking out in a cold sweat. If all the submachine guns on board the off-road vehicles were to fire at them, they would definitely be riddled with holes. Worse still, their car tires had blown out, making it impossible to break out, and they were stuck in a tunnel. 
Xiao Yun immediately dialed a number on his phone only to find there was no signal in this tunnel. The opponents must have activated a signal-blocking device. Who was so audacious as to attempt to kill Lord Qing in a city tunnel? 
Xiao Yun used his mobile phone like a telescope, magnifying the lens and finally spotting a familiar face in one of the off-road vehicles. 
The man was wearing a camouflage vest, arrogantly sitting in the vehicle’s passenger seat. His muscular arms were focused on their convoy, a sinister smile on his face, as if he was looking at something captured in a net. 
Xiao Yun correctly identified him, “Pay attention, everyone. Dark Dragon is in the off-road vehicle on the left. We may have run into a team of mercenaries.” 
As Xiao Yun’s earpiece was connected to the others, all of the bodyguards outside the car heard what he had said. 
“Dark Dragon? The professional assassin ranked eighth on the hit list? Didn’t he disappear from the world of assassins five years ago? Has he returned to his old profession?” 
“I heard he used to be a legendary figure in the world of assassins. He never failed a mission. Very few people have seen him because he murders anyone who has. I heard he retired because he fell in love with a beautiful girl. Now he’s come out of retirement to kill Lord Qing? Captain Xiao, are you sure you recognized him correctly?” 
“I’m one of the fortunate few who’ve seen him. Be careful, everyone. We’re trapped here tonight. If we can’t break out, we can’t guarantee Lord Qing’s safety.” 
A bodyguard muttered under his breath, “Damn it, what do we do now? We’re completely surrounded, and there are heavy weapons in their vehicles. We’re sitting ducks. We must swear to protect Lord Qing. We must bring him out of here!”
###Chapter 495: Chapter 495 Only Her in My Xiao Yun Heart_1 
Xiao Yun thought that a gunfight was too disadvantageous, as they were all sophisticated people, they should avoid using force as much as possible. So, he pushed open the door and strode out. 
Xiao Yun’s figure was upright. As he walked heavily out of the car, under the dim tunnel light, he looked simple yet cold. When a few bodyguards saw him about to leave, one of them caught him: “Team Leader Xiao, be careful, with you out there, they could finish you off with a single shot.” 
Xiao Yun just waved his hand. If it came to a shootout, they would definitely lose. His only choice was to risk his life in negotiations. Who would ever negotiate with a coward? 
Xiao Yun walked straight to the front of the fleet, leisurely lit a cigarette, and then leaned against the first car. His hand, usually gripping a gun, idly flicked the lighter, lighting the cigarette hanging from his mouth. After lighting the cigarette, Xiao Yun took a puff and held it between two fingers, then jerked his chin, casting a casual glance at Dark Dragon inside the SUV. 
“Dark Dragon, long time no see, didn’t expect such pleasure tonight. Why don’t we get out and have a chat?” 
Before Dark Dragon could say anything, a female assassin in the backseat of his car had already set her eyes on Xiao Yun, captivated. “Who is this man? I like him.” 
Dark Dragon gave a faint smirk, “Xiao Yun, the principal bodyguard of Lord Ye. If you like, I’ll give you three minutes to knock him out and carry him back. After three minutes, total annihilation.” 
“Big Brother, wait for me. I don’t need three minutes. Within one minute, I can order him to kneel and kowtow. Then I’ll keep him locked in my pavilion.” 
The female assassin speaking excitedly crawled out of the vehicle, brandishing a submachine gun. 
The same camo-clad female assassin, her long hair gathered into a ponytail at the back, looked sly as she smiled, “Hey, so you are Xiao Yun. Being a bodyguard is pretty boring since you have to follow someone else all day. How about following me instead? I promise you I’ll feed you the best food and drink, and all I need you to do is be my pillow every night. What do you say?” 
The female assassin unabashedly watched Xiao Yun, admiring his 360-degree undeniably good looks. His unwavering composure in the face of danger was most appealing as she smirked, “I’m giving you a minute to think about it.” 
Xiao Yun flicked his fingers, and the cigarette ash drifted with the wind. He raised his head and glanced at the flat chest of the female assassin. A cold smirk appeared at the corner of his mouth, “Is that so? Unfortunately, you’re not my type.” 
Two bodyguards walked over from behind Xiao Yun, both laughing. Although their opponent had an obvious advantage, the bodyguards who followed Lord Ye were never pushovers. With Xiao Yun’s composed demeanor, he pushed all four bodyguards to stand behind him with their guns pointed. 
The female assassin looked down at her own chest, seemingly free of any self-doubt, scoffed arrogantly, “What does that matter? As long as I like you, that’s enough. After all, in my eyes, a man like you is just a fleeting distraction.” 
Xiao Yun flicked the ash from his cigarette and calmly looked at the female assassin, “That’s a pity then. I doubt there’s any woman in this world that I’d willingly be a fleeting distraction for.” 
“Who?” 
“Huo Liuli.” The three words came out from Xiao Yun’s mouth, seemingly light and calm, yet intoxicating and entrancing. 
“Damn! Huo Liuli again, that woman is nothing special, don’t all of you men have your eyes on the backs of your feet?” noveldrama
Xiao Yun ignored the female assassin, his knucklebone clearly visible as he tapped rhythmically on the car hood, “Dark Dragon, I can’t believe you don’t know who’s in the car right now. Have you ever thought about whether you can withstand the wrath of the entire Ye’s Family if you take action tonight?”
###Chapter 496: Chapter 496 – If We Win, Let Us Go_1 
The female assassin answered for An Long, “But our boss likes this kind of stimulating life teetering on the edge of death, what can we do? If Ye Junqing can be killed, our boss will not just move up one or two spots in the ranking of assassins. But, how about forgetting about Huo Liuli and instead seducing me? If I’m in the mood, I might say a few good words for your master in front of our boss?” 
Xiao Yun’s face turned cold. The female assassin’s tone was full of fearless confidence. He couldn’t imagine who would hire assassins to kill Ye Junqing. If the opponent decides to fight quickly, Ye Junqing might die tonight. What can he do? 
The only solution Xiao Yun could think of was to stall. But, stalling was futile. The mobile phone had no signal, there was no way to call for help. 
Xiao Yun had no hope that passing cars would go through the tunnel and call 110 when they noticed the unusual circumstance. After all, Xiao Yun had guessed that roadblocks were already set up at both ends of the tunnel by this time, ordinary vehicles would divert their route upon seeing them. 
Xiao Yun’s guess was correct. Not only were there roadblocks at both ends of the tunnel, they were camouflaged as engineering vehicles pulling up caution tape. People were guarding at the entrance of the tunnel and all vehicles wanting to pass through the tunnel were told to divert their route. 
Tonight, Ye Junqing’s motorcade was just like fish in a barrel. 
“Xiao Qi, why are you wasting time talking to him? Don’t forget the boss only gave you three minutes. If you can’t get him to obey, let brother help you.” An impatient male assassin with long hair stepped out of the car. 
The female assassin rolled her eyes, “Why are you in such a hurry, Laoba? They’re not going anywhere tonight. What’s wrong with having a chat? Xiao Yun, I’m giving you one last chance. Do you want to kneel and lick my boots? If you don’t understand my goodwill, then I can’t promise to leave your dead body intact.” 
After the female assassin finished speaking, she suddenly pulled the trigger of her gun, firing a barrage of bullets. 
The hail of bullets drew a heart pattern ten centimeters in front of Xiao Yun’s feet. The bodyguards behind Xiao Yun all drew their guns, but Xiao Yun did not even blink. He only smirked at the warning. 
“Is that so? It depends on whether you are capable of doing that.” 
Then he put out the cigarette in his hand, ignored the female assassin and only spoke to An Long who was still sitting in the car, “An Long, I heard that you’re a great shot. This is a rare occasion, why don’t we play a game and compare our shooting skills? If I win, you will let us go, deal?” 
Seeing An Long sitting in the car as still as a big boss, Xiao Yun taunted, “What’s this? The formidable number seven assassin on the list, An Long, actually has a day when he dares not accept a challenge. That’s beyond my expectation.” 
“Does stalling for time work, Xiao Yun?” An Long got out of the car. noveldrama
Xiao Yun laughed, “Whether it works or not, it’s worth trying. Ye Shiting is about to become the President of A Country. I wonder if you guys will have good days when he gets angry after taking office? A life on the run is indeed thrilling, but it can also be troublesome sometimes.” 
An Long didn’t care. He was already on the most-wanted list of police around the world. One more or one less big boss dying by his hand didn’t matter. If he could kill Ye Junqing tonight, his bounty would only skyrocket after he returned to the underworld. 
However, “I heard that Huo Liuli praised your shooting skills, and I would really like to see what’s so great about your skills…to have caught her eye…”
###Chapter 497: Chapter 497: Whoa, Who?_1
As he finished speaking, An Long suddenly raised his gun, aiming at Xiao Yun, and let out a “bang” as he pulled the trigger.
All the bodyguards behind Xiao Yun widened their eyes, not even having the time to warn him. Yet, Xiao Yun was already as quick as lightning, aiming at the bullet An Long had fired. Another “bang” rang out, a bullet striking a bullet, causing a sharp friction sound in between the two men.
After the two bullets brushed against each other in mid-air, they flew towards the two men, one skimming past Xiao Yun’s ear, and the other grazing the top of An Long’s head, leaving both sides breathless with the near miss.
An Long paused, a brief look of surprise crossed his face, followed by a cruel smirk, “Such great marksmanship indeed. Well, let’s see if you can catch all the bullets in my gun.”
“If I can, can we agree to part on good terms tonight?”
Hearing Xiao Yun’s arrogant tone, An Long merely chuckled, not directly agreeing to Xiao Yun’s terms. He simply said, “If you can, I will give Night Monarch Qing ten minutes to escape. Ten minutes later, it won’t be too late for me to send Night Monarch Qing to the afterlife.”
Xiao Yun knew there was no room for negotiation. If he could buy ten minutes, he would buy ten minutes, and simply replied, “Deal.”
As soon as the words left his mouth, An Long fired several shots not at Xiao Yun, but at the bodyguards behind him…noveldrama
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
…
The capacity of a handgun is generally between 6 and 20 rounds. No one knew how many bullets An Long’s gun held, but Xiao Yun did not hesitate for a second, his eyes locked onto every bullet An Long let loose.
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
“Bang!”
…
Each bullet fired by An Long was eventually hit by Xiao Yun, even the most skilled marksman couldn’t help but widen their eyes at the sight, muttering in admiration.
An Long’s gaze fell upon Xiao Yun, his gaze turning serious. He couldn’t deny that the boy had skills, able to catch each bullet. This level of marksmanship was beyond impressive, no wonder Huo Liuli couldn’t resist giving him a compliment.
Another “bang,” and one of the bodyguards, who had been full of confidence in his team leader, suddenly took a bullet. “Ah!”
Xiao Yun pulled his trigger, but damn it, he was out of bullets!
An Long also noticed this and broke into a gleeful and eerie smile, “So, is this a loss for you?”
Xiao Yun looked back at the brother who had been shot. Fortunately, the bullet hit his arm and did not hit a vital area.
Xiao Yun’s bodyguards were outraged: “That’s not a loss, our leader is out of bullets!”
“What does our boss being out of bullets have to do with anything?” the female killer was unflustered, her smile defiant: “The rule was to catch all our boss’s bullets. However, this bullet wasn’t caught, Xiao Yun, you lost. And the loser must pay with his life.”
Upon hearing this, Xiao Yun’s bodyguards swore, “Despicable, leader, catch the gun!”
A bodyguard tossed his gun to Xiao Yun, but An Long was quicker. With a bang, he shot the gun out of the bodyguards’ hand, not giving Xiao Yun a chance to catch it. This infuriated the bodyguard, “So the famous An Long of the underworld is a coward!”
An Long completely disregarded the bodyguard’s words as if they were air, then the next bullet was aimed at Xiao Yun’s forehead, “Bang——”
“Bang!”
Just then, the bullet that would have ended Xiao Yun’s life was steered off course by another stronger bullet at a forty-five-degree angle.
“Whoa! Who?”
The female assassin immediately turned her gun around as she noticed the bullet had grazed past her from behind, hitting the bullet their boss had fired. Was there a mantis catching a cicada, with a yellow sparrow lurking behind?
[An Ying: Goodnight, there will be an update in the morning. It’s a new week, I want to continue climbing the recommendation charts, hope everyone can help me climb up, beg.]
###Chapter 498: Chapter 498: Offering Yourself, You May Not Be Qualified Yet_1
A sudden sniper shot threw everyone on the scene, including Xiao Long’s men, into high tension…
Who had pulled the trigger just now?noveldrama
Drip, drip, drip…
The sound of leather boots stepping on the ground, every footfall knocking on everyone’s sensitive nerves.
The footsteps were still far away, echoing in everyone’s ears.
“Who’s there!!!?” The female assassin stared in the direction of the tunnel exit.
They had people guarding the entrance of the tunnel. How could this woman have come in? Could it be that their buddies at the exit had all been taken out?
“Captain Xiao, have the reinforcements arrived?” The bodyguard behind Xiao Yun asked in a low voice.
Xiao Yun didn’t say anything, but there was a depth in his eyes. After listening to the footsteps for a while, he suddenly said, looking at the woman who walked out of the darkness, “Thanks for saving my life, beautiful lady. The only way I could repay is to offer myself.”
“You sure have the guts to offer yourself, but I’m afraid you’re not qualified!”
The woman who walked out of the darkness had a voice cold and cool. If it was accompanied by passionate music at this moment, it would probably make a blockbuster film. Everyone’s gaze was unconsciously drawn towards her.
She was a fit woman with a tan from the sun, with striking short hair. She wore short denim shorts, her tan legs lean and taut. Her white blouse was casually tied at her waist, revealing the contour of her abdominal muscles. She boasted a sporty elegance, and most importantly, she casually carried a sniper rifle over her shoulder.
Unlike traditional ladylike girls, this woman, without the need for extravagance, exudes a captivating, dominating temperament that is enough to alluring to men. But the truth is, she’s a lethal poison.
Xiao Yun leaned against the car, his eyes containing nothing but her. He chuckled softly, “If offering myself is not enough, I can be your plaything. If I don’t repay the favor of saving my life, it would weigh heavily on my conscience.”
“Heh…” The woman chuckled without a word, not with coy embarrassment but a continued disregard of Xiao Yun. Her laughter was clearly mockery, as if to imply he was not even qualified to be her casual plaything.
“Who is she?”
The female assassin grew annoyed. The man she set her sights on was blatantly courting another woman in front of her. What about her pride?
Xiao Long squinted at the woman who was coming in their direction, recognizing her with a touch of surprise in his voice, “Is that Huo Liuli?”
“What? She is Huo Liuli?” The female assassin’s voice held a touch of surprise.
Her scrutinizing gaze was blatantly scanning Huo Liuli who was walking towards them. Comparing from faces to slender, lean legs, trying her best to outdo Huo Liuli, she finally realized without a doubt that she had lost.
Not many had seen Huo Liuli in person. Upon Xiao Long’s recognition, everyone was throwing their intense gazes at Huo Liuli.
Huo Liuli was the queen of the mercenary world, ranked top in the mercenary rankings. Many sought to bring her down, yet rumor had it that no man had ever caught her eye.
“Xiao Long, you’re quite arrogant, ignoring all rules even in a competition. Do you want your sis here to teach you some manners? …. Huh?”
By her last word, Huo Liuli’s voice turned frigid, akin to an Arctic glacier, making one shudder to their core.
###Chapter 499: Chapter 499 I just want to be your man, will you consider it?_1
Dark Dragon didn’t shudder, but a stream of electricity shot through his body, leaving him feeling numb all over.
His blood was boiling as he stared at Fire Lapis, unable to take his eyes off her. Hearing that she was willing to talk to him, he didn’t even pay attention to the arrogance in her tone: “Lapis, you finally agreed to see me.”
Upon hearing this, Fire Lapis was expressionless, but Xiao Yun’s face showed a hint of turbulence. “I think you’ve got the wrong idea, she’s not here for you!”
If not for him, could it be for this young man?
Dark Dragon’s heart was instantly ignited with jealousy. He directed the muzzle at Xiao Yun’s head. “Kid, say one more word, and I’ll send you straight to heaven.”
“I’d like to see who could dare to kill someone in front of me.”
Fire Lapis discarded the sniper rifle on her shoulder, whipped out a pistol from her waist, and aimed it at Dark Dragon. “I suggest you take your men and get out of this tunnel right now, or else…”
Not only did Dark Dragon feel threatened, but he also felt hurt deep inside. His cold, angry eyes emitted flames of jealousy. “Fire Lapis, you’re pointing a gun at me just for this boy, have you fallen for this pretty boy?”
Xiao Yun raised an eyebrow, pretty boy?
“Mine might not be smaller than yours.”noveldrama
“Both of you, shut up.” Fire Lapis did not want to hear their banter.
The female assassin standing on top of the off-road vehicle laughed. “You dare to come to the rescue alone. Fire Lapis, do you really think your reputation can…”
“Boom!”
Before the female assassin could finish her sentence, a grenade hit the off-road vehicle she was standing on.
Cursing under her breath, the female assassin tumbled out of the vehicle. When she looked back, the off-road vehicle she had just been in was engulfed in flames.
The driver climbed out of the vehicle, his body on fire and missing half an arm. His loud screams of agony startled everyone, treating the situation as a great emergency.
Fighting escalated to shooting rocket launchers, it’s sheer power!
The submachine guns on the remaining three off-road vehicles were instantly overpowered, and the gap was more than trivial!
In this era, whoever has the most powerful weapon is king!
Fire Lapis glanced at the cursing female assassin who had just managed to get up from the ground, and sneered, “Dark Dragon, I’ll give you one minute to leave, otherwise everyone will be dead!”
How could Fire Lapis have come alone? The buzzing of approaching motorcycles was getting louder and louder.
Seven or eight men and women came flying by, each carrying a portable rocket-propelled grenade launcher, commonly known as a rocket launcher.
Their presence instantly surrounded Dark Dragon’s remaining three off-road vehicles. With a gesture from Fire Lapis, her subordinates would immediately blow up the three remaining off-road vehicles into scrap metal.
The sight provoked Dark Dragon, he glared at Fire Lapis angrily,”You’re doing this to me just for some pretty boy!”
Fire Lapis glanced at Xiao Yun. “He’s not in the position to command me. There’s my new master in this convoy whom I have yet to meet. If you kill her, how am I supposed to survive on the roads?”
“Your new master? Ye Junqing?”
“Ye Junqing? What’s he even worth for me to submit to him?” Fire Lapis’s voice reached the peak of arrogance.
Dark dragon’s face suddenly turned gloomy. “If it’s not Ye Junqing, is it this pretty boy then? I’ll kill him, and apologize to you afterward!”
“This pretty boy won’t possibly be my new master in the next life.”
Xiao Yun, who got rejected even for the next life, daringly retorted, “I don’t want to be your master in my next life, I’d rather be your man, consider it?”
[An Ying: Ah, ah, ah, please recommend, please recommend, please recommend, I am a little cloud working hard to climb the ranking list~~]
###Chapter 500: Chapter 500 Good horses don’t eat the grass behind them_1
Huo Liuli glanced coldly at Xiao Yun, not wanting to waste words with him, her eyebrows impatiently raising, “Where is Ye Xingguang?”
“In the car.” Xiao Yun said.
Dark Dragon asked, “Who is Ye Xingguang? I’ve never heard of this name before.”
“My new master!”
Huo Liuli didn’t think ill of Dark Dragon’s ignorance. Just 24 hours ago, she too hadn’t heard of this name.
Dark Dragon: “The name sounds like a woman’s?”
“Maybe.” Huo Liuli still didn’t know whether the other party was male or female.
The chilling aura of Dark Dragon suddenly dissolved. As long as it wasn’t a man, Dark Dragon didn’t have such a big resistance. Whoever was capable of becoming Huo Liuli’s new master must not be an ordinary person. He already lost the element of surprise tonight, and he feared he wouldn’t gain any advantage if he forced a fight. So why not give Huo Liuli face, and use it as an excuse to ask a favor in the future?
As for this contract, it could be broken with a fine, and Dark Dragon certainly had the means to pay!
A man splurging on a woman was nothing!noveldrama
“Fine, I’ll give you face tonight and spare Ye Junqing’s dog life.” Dark Dragon gestured.
But the female assassin was not satisfied, she stepped forward and said, “Boss, this deal is worth 300 million. If we don’t take Ye Junqing’s life tonight, we will lose a fortune, and we also have to pay a huge penalty. Don’t let a femme fatale blind you.”
Dark Dragon slapped the female assassin without a second thought: “My words do not allow for your doubts!”
There was a loud slap, followed by intense pain.
The female assassin was furious, but dared not resist. Suppressing her anger, she glared fiercely at Huo Liuli, then boarded another off-road vehicle.
In another car, a man codenamed Old Eight consoled the assassin, “Huo Liuli has better weapons than ours, and the mercenaries around her are all top-notch experts. We wouldn’t gain any advantage if we persisted tonight, why not let the boss show Huo Liuli a favor? Don’t you know how our boss feels about Huo Liuli?”
Outside the car, Dark Dragon wanted to steal a few more glances at Huo Liuli. His intense black eyes stared unblinkingly at her, as if seeing even a bit more of her was gaining something, until Huo Liuli looked at him impatiently, “Aren’t you leaving?”
“Huo Liuli, we’ll meet again.”
With a heavy heart, Dark Dragon got into the car, and then he signaled.
In an instant, the three off-road vehicles sped off.
Ye Junqing’s bodyguards watched Dark Dragon’s forces retreat, each of them breathed a sigh of relief internally. Luckily, Huo Liuli arrived in time. Otherwise, if they had to fight with Dark Dragon, the casualties would have been severe. They were already at a disadvantage in terms of weapons, not to mention they became sitting ducks for Dark Dragon.
However, how Miss Ye became Huo Liuli’s new master was indeed enthralling!
And what about Captain Xiao? He seemed eager to become Huo Liuli’s gigolo.
“Getting ambushed in a tunnel, you’ve really made a fool of yourself. A few years of not seeing each other and you’ve become such a waste?”
Huo Liuli nonchalantly glanced at Xiao Yun, then walked towards the middle car.
She had to see what kind of person her new master was!
Xiao Yun followed her, “So I still need your protection in the future, or else I wouldn’t even know how I died.”
“Heh … don’t try to make connections; I barely know you.” For the man who had once abandoned her, Huo Liuli had always held the belief that good horses don’t eat the grass behind them. There were plenty of gigolos out there, she didn’t need Xiao Yun.
###Chapter 501: Chapter 501: Why Don’t We, Make a Doll Together_1
Xiao Yun chuckled bitterly to himself, what an unfeeling woman, she doesn’t even acknowledge him after taking advantage of him!
He was aware of their intimacy, as every memory was vivid and at his fingertips. However, for his own sake, Xiao Yun chose to keep his mouth shut.
The two of them went over to the middle car. Xiao Yun stood outside the car, respectfully bowed his head and said, “Sir Qing, apologies for the fright. The issue has been resolved. Please wait for a moment while we change to the spare tire.”
Standing outside, Xiao Yun could see Miss Ye, still entranced by lust. Her head rested on Sir Qing’s legs peacefully. Her upward gaze was greedily fixed on him and she asked while fluttering her lashes, “Still not willing, handsome? How about we play a different game?”
“What game?” Whether it was the immunity developed from being teased, Ye Junqing was both annoyed and expectant about her ‘game’, every shocking word from her brought him a small amount of joy.
Ye Xingguang fluttered her thick lashes, “Why wait for another day when it could be today, let’s make babies together?”
Xiao Yun, standing outside the car: “…”
Compared to the drunk Miss Ye, Xiao Yun felt that he still had a lot to learn about flirting.
For example, he was not brazen enough!
Meanwhile, Fire Luo had dark lines on her face, could this love-struck woman really be her new master?
Was Brother Chen simply powerless against her senseless admiration, and gave her the jade ring just to let her go?
“Are you the type who won’t stop until you hit a wall?” Ye Junqing was unmoved.
Alas, he failed again! This handsome guy is so difficult to deal with!
Ye Xingguang pressed her little head into Ye Junqing’s chest. Delicately leaning on his chest, she counted the muscles on his abdomen over the shirt and said, “Baby doesn’t want to hit a wall. Baby just wants to hit sir’s chest. Handsome guy, are you tired?”
So shameless!
Fire Luo couldn’t stand to listen anymore. The new mistress had completely lost face for all women. She really wanted to finish off this new mistress who had ruined the reputation of women. How could Brother Chen leave her with such a new mistress?
Ye Junqing noticed the murderous intent in Fire Luo’s eyes and shot her a dangerous look.noveldrama
That gaze, cold and arrogant like a thousand-year-old ice, was like a huge oppressive force.
Such a strong pressure, she usually only felt it when facing Leng Chenmo, now the had become Ye Junqing. Fire Luo felt bitter under the heavy pressure and tried to act nonchalant, looking away.
Ye Junqing and Brother Chen were originally mortal enemies, but now Brother Chen is marrying into the Ye’s family and even she is being sold to Ye Junqing’s woman!
The more she thought about it, the more aggrieved she felt!
Xiao Yun stepped in front of Fire Luo, “Sir Qing, everything has been settled. Please wait a moment, we will change the spare tire for you soon.”
The bodyguards had already sprung into action. The spare tires of several cars were all removed and replaced on the car that Ye Junqing was in.
“Hmmm,” Ye Junqing uttered and then rolled up the car window to avoid being disturbed during his flirtation.
However, at this moment, a gunshot came from the tunnel entrance, immediately triggering Xiao Yun’s sensitive nerves.
###Chapter 502: Chapter 502: This is the Kill_1
“Did you leave someone behind to kill the Dark Dragon outside?”
Huo Liuli shook her head. She didn’t know why there were gunshots outside the tunnel, either.
Everyone listened intently, suddenly, they heard the voices of Dark Dragon’s subordinates.
“Damn it, stop shooting! There seems to be oil on the ground. Careful not to set it on fire and ignite the oil!”
“Get out, get out! What the hell is going on, I can’t even see clearly!”noveldrama
“The oil is ignited, the fire is too big, the vehicles can’t get out, retreat, retreat to the tunnel, quickly…”
In an instant, rapid footsteps retreated back into the tunnel.
Xiao Yun looked in the direction of Dark Dragon’s retreat. He saw them escaping in a mess, with fire trailing behind them. The fire was fierce, rushing towards them like flowing water.
A bodyguard with sharp eyes saw the reason for the approaching fire: “It’s oil!”
Wherever the oil flowed, a blaze followed.
Seeing the pace of the flow, Xiao Yun turned pale and said to the bodyguards changing the tires, “Quick, get Mr. Qing’s car tires changed, so he can break through!”
The bodyguards, seeing the fire from afar, hurled curses at their hands for not being quick enough.
Huo Liuli narrowed her eyes at Dark Dragon’s sloppy retreat. Dark Dragon and his men had abandoned their car and run away. Their car met with the oil and a string of deafening explosions followed one after another.
At this moment, the tires were changed. Xiao Yun immediately told the driver, “Drive, get Mr. Qing to break through from the other side of the tunnel!”
“Yes!” After receiving the order, the driver immediately started the car.
Xiao Yun also got in the car and said to the other bodyguards, “There’s not enough room in the car, you guys run! I’ll take Mr. Qing first!”
“Yes, captain, go ahead!” The bodyguards were already sprinting towards the other tunnel exit at top speed.
Before closing the car door, Xiao Yun glanced at Huo Liuli, “Get in!”
Huo Liuli glanced at them and ignored them, instead turning to sit on the motorcycle, “Go, lead the way!”
The group quickly took off before the fire could catch up.
However, before they reached the cave entrance, they saw liquid flowing towards them from the other side of the tunnel, it was pools of oil. A single spark would be enough to instantly turn it into a raging fire and block their way.
At that moment, a cocky voice came from outside the tunnel, “Listen up, whoever brings Ye Jun Qing’s head out today, I’ll spare his life. Otherwise, you can taste what it’s like to be burned by oil.”
Xiao Yun was instantly angered and shot back at the tunnel entrance, “I’ll take your life first!”
“Heh, ungrateful wretch! Then, let’s all go to hell!” A sinister laugh came from outside the tunnel.
Following that, a group of dark figures, swift as lightning, flooded into the tunnel.
Everyone squinting looked over and saw these figures were not human, but a large group of strangely large wolves, and there appeared to be fifty or sixty of them.
The two bodyguards blazing a trail with Huo Liuli wanted to take down those ferocious wolves with their rocket launchers.
“Don’t shoot, be careful not to cause a spark. If we do, it’s going to be hard for us to break through!” Xiao Yun cautioned.
If the oil ignited, the flames would spread immediately. What’s more, Huo Liuli’s subordinates were carrying rocket launchers, if they exploded, their own people would certainly be killed.
Not only did Xiao Yun recognize this, but Huo Liuli also thought of it. She pulled out her Swiss army knife and ordered, “Switch to cold weapons!”
###Chapter 503: Chapter 503: Uncle Qing, I’ll lead you out_1
In order not to start a wildfire or an explosion, they had to abandon their guns and engage in close-quarters combat with the giant wolves, creatures even taller than humans!
The driver was sat in his seat, trying multiple times to hit the accelerator and get away, but the tires just slipped on the oil.
“Don’t panic, turn off the engine!” At that moment, a command came crashing down from Ye Junqing.
The driver’s voice wavered: “Boss Ye, let me drive you out of here!”
Yet Ye Junqing repeated the same order, his voice steady, his commanding aura not allowing for any ions: “Turn off the engine. Otherwise, if the oil catches fire, we might be able to escape, but those who can’t will all die!”
Ye Junqing was not heartless. He would not disregard the lives of Xiao Yun and the others in order to save himself.
Having witnessed the bodyguards of Ye Shiting being exterminated at a gas station, Ye Junqing didn’t want to pick up his own bodyguards’ bodies tomorrow!
Xiao Yun made a stand outside the car the whole time, preventing any wolves from getting near. He was infuriated when he saw the driver stop the car and turn off the engine. “What the hell are you doing? Drive! Take Boss Ye and leave!”
The driver complained, “Boss Ye won’t allow it.”
“Listen to Boss Ye when you should, but when you shouldn’t, why the blind loyalty?”
Xiao Yun didn’t get to finish his sentence before a giant wolf lunged at him with its bloody fangs bared. Xiao Yun had no time for talking, raising his fists to strike the giant wolf that came charging at him. Yet the wolves were incredibly strong, and after a few rounds, he was having a hard time handling them!
To make matters worse, they were outnumbered. Fifteen men against fifty or sixty giant wolves. Each man would have to deal with two or three wolves. Damned!
A bodyguard was bitten on the leg by a giant wolf. With a painful scream, others tried to free his leg from the jaws of the wolf but their efforts were futile.
The Dark Dragon’s men who had come after them were vexed when they saw one of their own, Huo Liuli, tangled up with two giant wolves. “What kind of hellish creatures are these? Damn it, try biting my girl and see what happens!”
However, before he could perform his heroic rescue, Xiao Yun had already rushed to Huo Liuli’s side and pushed her away.
“Hiss…”
A giant wolf bit into Xiao Yun’s shoulder. Huo Liuli froze for a moment, but it only lasted a second. She quickly raised her Swiss Army knife and stabbed the giant wolf that had bitten Xiao Yun. The wolf had to let go before it could tear off a chunk of flesh from Xiao Yun’s shoulder.
Despite his bleeding shoulder, Xiao Yun knocked on the car door, “Boss Ye, please, leave us behind and go!”noveldrama
“Can’t handle it?” Ye Junqing rolled down the car window and glanced at the battle outside. His cold eyes didn’t show the slightest ripple of emotion.
Dark Dragon caught Ye Junqing’s cold detachment and muttered to himself, “What’s the point of being a bodyguard for rich bastards like him? They got no skills, sitting in their cars while you risk your life for them, and they look down on your abilities! I should have killed the bastard earlier and collected the bounty on his head!”
Full of utmost loyalty, Xiao Yun said: “Boss Ye, I regret that I’ve failed to protect you. Please, take Miss Ye and leave immediately. Drive, driver, drive!”
At that moment, Ye Junqing opened the car door, stepped out of the car, and with a single move, pushed Xiao Yun, who had been bitten in his left shoulder, into the car and then closed the door.
Xiao Yun was stunned by Ye Junqing’s ice-cold voice: “Since you can’t handle it, take a break and look after my girl!”
[An Yin, fatigued. Please recommend, and vote for the month.]
###Chapter 504: Chapter 504: The Mastermind Behind His Assassination_1
There was a wolf, whether it was the leader of this pack of giant wolves or not, its deep green eyes singled out Ye Junqing in an instant. It howled, and suddenly, the giant wolves attacking others turned their focus towards Ye Junqing, surrounding him.
The scene was absolutely bone-chilling!
But Ye Junqing stared at the gigantic wolf, which was clearly different from the ordinary ones, and a bloodthirsty cold smile crept onto his face, “I didn’t expect that after all these years, I would have the honor of fighting with you giant wolves again!”
What, had Ye ever fought with the giant wolves before?
What on earth was their story?
Ye Junqing still remembered that he was attacked by giant wolves not just once. Those wolves were out to kill him, but the time and place did not match the current situation. Afterwards, he found out that the person behind the wolves, the one who initiated the attack, was Li Yu!
Ironically, Xiao Yun didn’t believe him. Xiao reckoned that Ye was being paranoid and wouldn’t believe that Li Yu would attempt to assassinate him!
When Ye sought to retaliate against Li Yu, Xiao Yun had always been sided with Li Yu. Thinking about it, Ye’s heart still ached!
He didn’t expect that Li Yu would once again send the giant wolves to assassinate him!
Right after they had just separated, how ironic…
“Howl~~” The wolf king’s eerie green eyes stared at Ye Junqing.
No one knew what command was being given by that howl, but suddenly, all of the gigantic wolves were as if they had taken some stimulants. They circled Ye Junqing continuously, seemingly seeking an opportunity to rip him apart, devoure him whole.noveldrama
Seeing so many giant wolves drooling over Ye, Xiao Yun was on the brink of losing his cool. Preparing to push open the car door and rush down, he issued a stern order to all the bodyguards: “Protect Ye at all costs!”
“Watch out, Ye!”
“Watch out, Ye!”
“Watch out, Ye!”
One bodyguard was already severely injured and as he saw all the giant wolves charge towards Ye, even crawling seemed difficult for the bodyguard. Yet, he struggled to protect Ye, fearing any mishap may occur to Ye.
Some seriously injured bodyguards only had loud voices but were powerless. As some of them were at the end of their strength, everyone’s heart was in their throats. They dared not imagine if Ye were to get hurt, how would they answer for it?
However, seeing several giant wolves simultaneously pouncing towards him, Ye Junqing surprisingly didn’t even blink. He clenched his fist and punched the first giant wolf to charge at him.
“Bang!”
Before everyone could react, the giant wolf charging at Ye Junqing had already been punched away by Ye!
But one shouldn’t celebrate too early, as the second, third, and fourth wolves came charging at Ye one after the other. Anyone else wouldn’t have been able to withstand the onslaught, but Ye Junqing was not just anyone!
His fists were like hammers, each punch knocking a wolf away.
No one could really see how he did it, but the giant wolves, which made everyone exhausted to fend off, were in quick succession punched and sent flying by him.
All the people at the scene were in shock…
Black Dragon stared at Ye Junqing in disbelief; this was simply…unthinkable…
Black Dragon himself had just wrestled with those giant wolves and knew he wouldn’t be able to punch a wolf higher than himself. Those giant wolves were not only big but also very strong. He found it hard to handle even three of them!
But Ye Junqing, he was handling how many?
Twenty, or thirty?
The giant wolves even stopped attacking others and only focused on attacking Ye Junqing!
###Chapter 505: Chapter 505: Dare you eat my meat!_1
Even a machine would give out if this continued!
Initially, Huo Liuli planned to stay out of this, but on watching the scene, she could not help but feel her blood agitate and joined the fight again!
She loved to fight alongside the strong!
When Huo Liuli joined the battle again, her six subordinates, after catching their breath, also voluntarily joined the fight!
Ye Junqing had eighteen bodyguards to start. Subtracting the injured, ten could still battle!
The teamwork of the giant wolves remained strong. They had tactics. Even when Huo Liuli and others joined the fight, the main force of the giant wolves was still focusing on Ye Junqing, wishing to rip him apart and eat him.
After about ten minutes, they actually managed to catch one. A giant wolf, while Ye Junqing was dealing with five who were attacking him simultaneously, found an opportunity for a sneak attack. With its sharp fangs bared, it bit into Ye Junqing’s back!
“Careful, Master Qing!” Xiao Yun’s warning came too late.
Ye Junqing felt as if his back was being torn apart. Twisting around and raising his leg, he kicked the giant wolf that attacked him flying. Ignoring the pain in his back, Ye Junqing gave himself no time to breathe, raising his fists to strike another charging wolf.
At this moment, a girl suddenly kicked open the car door, jumped out of the vehicle, rolled up her sleeves, and squinted her beautiful eyes at the wolves.
“You guys, who sent you here? I haven’t eaten yet, and you dare to bite!”
Ye Junqing raised his eyebrows: “…”
The other bodyguards rubbed their foreheads anxiously, trying to hold Ye Xingguang back, “Miss Ye, please don’t add to the chaos now!”
Even they, as men, couldn’t defeat the giant wolves, so a fragile girl like Miss Ye would certainly not stand a chance!
However, the bodyguard who wanted to hold Ye Xingguang back was completely worn out and couldn’t restrain her.
Just as Huo Liuli was catching her breath, her new master was overestimating herself. Huo quickly walked over to try and stop her.
What does this crazy drunk woman want to do?
Is she tired of living?
Really, alcohol does make cowards brave!
If she were sober, she’d probably already be crying from fear by now. This weak little girl, Huo Liuli could guess, would probably scream just from seeing a cockroach.
But Huo Liuli was entangled by two giant wolves, too occupied to move to Ye Xingguang’s side. Ye Xingguang raised her little fists and punched one of the giant wolves attacking Ye Junqing.
With a “bang”!noveldrama
The wolf hit by Ye Xingguang smashed into the tunnel wall, then rebounded, falling to the oil-soaked ground.
Ye Xingguang was angry because she saw that Ye Junqing’s white shirt was stained red with blood!
“You dare snatch food from my plate, watch me as I pull out your teeth!”
Ye Xingguang caught the wolf that bit Ye Junqing. Despite her small frame, she knocked down the giant wolf. Her little fists pummeled the beast fiercely until she broke the wolf’s sharp fangs.
“Howl…” The wolf howled in pain.
“Wow!” Finally shaking off the two wolves that were entangling her, Huo Liuli stepped to Ye Xingguang’s side and unexpectedly found Ye Xingguang mounting a giant wolf, its head already a bloody pulp from being pounded!
This…
Just now…
What exactly happened?
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, continue updating early tomorrow morning, love you guys, need monthly votes, need recommendation votes]
###Chapter 506: Chapter 506: Only I Can Smell The Fragrance of Meat_1
A frail girl just beat up a ferocious giant wolf to the brink of death, was she seeing things?
Not to mention that Fire Liuli’s expression was exceedingly impressive, even Dark Dragon was stunned into silence!
Surprisingly, not only was Ye Jun cumbersomely arrogant, but the delicate woman by his side was well-skilled, opening everyone’s eyes up to a new perspective?
After Ye Xingguang had beaten the giant wolf until it couldn’t get up anymore, she suddenly jumped up, rushed to Ye Jun’s front, and fiercely guarded him as her meal, even pulling Ye Jun behind her with a deadly serious face, “Don’t be scared, no one can eat you except me!”
Ye Jun, who didn’t need protection at all: “…”
Is he supposed to be honored?noveldrama
The group of giant wolves saw this, and they pounced even more fiercely, intending to get rid of Ye Xingguang first. But before a single wolf could reach Ye Xingguang’s face with its claws, the wolf king who had been standing aside and directing them suddenly howled, and the wolf retracted its claws.
Thereafter, all the giant wolves tried in every way to bypass Ye Xingguang and attack Ye Jun!
Xiao Yun noticed sharply that the giant wolves were not attacking Miss Ye at all. Instead, it was Miss Ye who was actively provoking the giants wolves, which tried to avoid her as if their lives depended on it. What was going on?
Could it be that the wolves are sentient, or maybe too sentient?
Why don’t these giant wolves attack Miss Ye?
What are they afraid of?
Could it be that the wolf king’s roar just now was a command not to harm Miss Ye?
But with Miss Ye interfering, it was becoming increasingly difficult for the giant wolves to bypass Miss Ye to attack the master Ye.
The wolf king that had been standing by watched the man and woman fighting side by side, his eyes shining. The green orbs almost spewed fire. But in the next instant, it suddenly raised its head with a “howl~~”
The next moment, it ran towards the tunnel entrance, dust trailing in its wake.
The other giant wolves all followed the wolf king.
Even the giant wolf that Ye Xingguang had beaten to the point where it could not get up was carried away by its companion!
Xiao Yun was stunned, this is…
They retreated?
Just like that?
Ye Xingguang still wanted to chase after them, “You dared to eat my meat, you dared to bite, don’t you dare run? I’ll chop you up one by one and feed you to the dogs!”
All the injured people around her were silent: “…”
They never thought that Miss Ye would actually be like this!
Ye Jun almost couldn’t hide the smile on his face. He gathered his arms and held onto the waist of the little fish tail, preventing her from chasing after them.
Ye Xingguang waved her little fists in the air in frustration, “Don’t stop me, they are messing with my meal, they are playing with fire! I didn’t even get to taste the broth, and they want to eat your meat!”
This time, Ye Jun really couldn’t hide the smile on his lips, and let it run wild.
But the other people were: “…”
So what was Miss Ye’s main grievance?
Ye Jun carried her towards the car, his comforting voice so gentle that it seemed to be overflowing, “Don’t worry, all the meat is yours, even the broth will not be given to anyone else!”
Ye Xingguang added dominantly, “Only I can smell the meat’s aroma.”
“Okay, only you can smell the aroma of the meat, no one else can smell it!”
Xiao Yun didn’t want to comment on Ye Xingguang anymore, he gasped tiredly, “Master, we need to get out of here as soon as possible. If someone ignites the oil outside, we won’t be able to escape!”
Ye Jun, smelling the strong pungent odor in the air, said in a deep voice, “Let’s go!”
He stuffed Ye Xingguang into the car and then got in himself. Before he closed the car door, he shot Dark Dragon with a dangerous, bloodthirsty look, “I heard that you want to ambush me?”
###Chapter 507: Chapter 507: Do You Also Want To Fight With Me For Meat?_1
Seeing Ye Junqing beating up the giant wolf as if he were playing whack-a-mole, the Dragon muttered, “…”
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang immediately wanted to rush out from the car, but was blocked by Ye Junqing. She raised her little fist, glaring fiercely at the Dragon, “Are you also trying to snatch my meat?”
“No no no, not at all, absolutely not. You two masters, I was naive tonight!”noveldrama
The Dragon respects the strong and worships the stronger. He feared that Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang beating the giant wolf wasn’t enough for them, and they might start using him for practice.
The Dragon had just witnessed how Ye Xingguang grabbed a giant wolf’s mouth, then forcefully opened and broke the wolf’s fangs. This girl may look frail, but she’s lethal!
Ye Junqing gave a cold laugh and then slammed the car door shut, “Let’s go!”
Xiao Yun climbed onto a motorcycle, ready to open the road ahead. He predicted that there would be people waiting for them at the tunnel exit, but when their group of injured rushed out from the tunnel, there were no ambushes at the exit.
What’s going on?
The opponent could have lit the oil and left them with no escape route. Instead, they just sent a pack of giant wolves to fight them and then ran when they couldn’t fight. This doesn’t make any sense!
Huo Liuli also thought about this problem and turned her head to glance at Xiao Yun, “Is there someone in our group they don’t want to burn?”
Otherwise, there’s no need to send a wolf pack. There are so many oil drums around, they could simply light a fire, and all of us would die. But now—
Subconsciously, Xiao Yun glanced at the black Rolls-Royce. Could it be Miss Ye?
He had sensed earlier that the wolf pack didn’t actually want to attack Miss Ye. What’s happening?
“Whoo-whoo… Whoo-whoo…”
In the distance, police cars and fire trucks were blaring their sirens.
Hearing the siren, the smoke-choked Dragon quickly led his subordinates to retreat. Before leaving, he gave the Rolls-Royce that Ye Junqing was sitting in a deep look.
Even now, he still hasn’t forgotten the way Ye Junqing looked at him before getting in the car, as if looking at an overreaching ant!
In the Tang Zhou’s ward at the affiliated hospital of T University,
Leng Chenmo received a call. After hanging up, he said something to Tang Zhou, who immediately jumped from the bed.
“What did you say? My brother Junqing was ambushed in Yuanhe Tunnel tonight? How is my brother Junqing?”
Leng Chenmo, who got the news from Huo Liuli, pushed Tang Zhou back onto the bed and said, “He’s sustained minor injuries.”
“Dammit! Who’s tired of living and dared to ambush my brother Junqing in this city? No, I must go see him. Where is my brother Junqing now?”
“In the emergency room of the hospital.”
“Shit!”
Tang Zhou cursed, threw off the blanket, and was about to get out of bed.
Leng Chenmo accompanied him to the emergency room of the hospital, which was filled with injured people from the Ye family.
“Brother Junqing, where were you injured?” Tang Zhou swiftly walked to Ye Junqing.
Ye Xingguang, tipsy from alcohol, propped up her heavy eyelids, was disinfecting Ye Junqing’s wounds, cotton in one hand, disinfectant in the other.
Seeing her, drunk and drowsy, barely holding onto the disinfectant, Tang Zhou yelled, “Where are the nurses? Nurses! Do family members have to do the disinfecting now? Quickly disinfect my brother Junqing!”
The innocent nurse rushed over and explained, “Well, it’s not that we didn’t want to disinfect Mr. Ye, but Miss Liyu refused to let anyone touch Mr. Ye.”
###Chapter 508: Chapter 508: The Overbearing Little Mermaid Tail_1
“Huh?”
Tang Zhou was dumbfounded.
However, Ye Junqing very much enjoyed the domineering nature of Xiaoyuwei when she was drunk. Only she was allowed to smell the meat, only she could drink the soup, only she could eat the meat. No one else was allowed to touch it.noveldrama
Earlier, when the nurse tried to administer medication, Xiaoyuwei’s beautiful eyes almost caused the nurse to back off from her piercing stare.
“Is Xiaoxingguang drunk? Hmm, she reeks of alcohol. It’s awful!”
Tang Zhou covered his nose, looking at Ye Xingguang’s clumsiness: “Brother, you’re spoiling Xiaoxingguang too much. Even though you’re injured, you still let her act crazy. Look at her, she doesn’t even know how to behave. It’s better to let the nurse handle it.”
“It doesn’t matter. I’m fine!” Ye Junqing was enjoying himself!
The anger he felt at the dinner table was healed by Xiaoyuwei’s possessiveness!
He had never known that she could be this adorable when she was drunk!
He was so smitten!
Ye Junqing was already calculating in his heart that in the future he could allow her to get majorly drunk each week. Of course, the precondition was she could only do it at home. She absolutely couldn’t drink in front of Li Yu. Otherwise, he had the urge to kill Li Yu!
No, he just had to kill Li Yu!
Speaking of the devil, Li Yu arrived with Bai Lanwu.
Li Yu, in his loose pajamas, looked as if he just took a shower. His hair was still wet. As soon as he walked into the emergency room, all the nurses there couldn’t help but fixate their eyes on him.
They’ve heard that the genius surgeon was at T university affiliated hospital, but the nurses in the emergency room had yet to meet him. Now, they finally saw the god of the medical world. They all wanted photos with him, but they were too shy to ask.
Bai Lanwu came as soon as he heard the news: “What happened? How did an accident happen on the road? Is the wound on your back severe?”
Ye Junqing said, “Mom, I’m fine, Xingguang isn’t hurt either. Don’t worry.”
Li Yu stood to the side, looking at the wound on his back, shaking his head: “Who did you piss off?”
Ye Junqing looked up, catching a glimpse at the drowsy Li Yu with an ambiguous smile, “I also want to know. Who did I offend? However, no matter who I have angered, since they dared to lay a hand on me, they won’t have good days ahead. Doctor Li, don’t you agree?”
Li Yu gave a lazy yawn, still sleepy, but responded with a smile, “You’re right! Definitely do not let them off. If I were you, for anyone who dared to harm a strand of my hair, I would send them straight to hell. Do you want a scar removal cream? I have a really good one. It’s very effective — guaranteed to restore your skin to its original state within a week.”
“No need, thank you. As for hell, I’ve already reserved a spot for him!”
He wouldn’t be foolish like in his last life, tearing open Li Yu’s real face in front of Xiaoyuwei, only to be seen by Xiaoyuwei as a man driven to insanity by jealousy, refusing to believe anything he said!
If Li Yu wanted to play dirty, Ye Junqing would play along. There was no need for Xiaoyuwei to know about this!
Ye Junqing realized that he was actually cowardly at heart, afraid that his place in her heart was not as high as Li Yu’s, even more afraid that Xiaoyuwei would choose Li Yu again despite the facts presented right in front of her!
He wouldn’t do something if he wasn’t confident.
When Tang Zhou heard Li Yu mention the high-quality scar removal cream, he perked up, “What kind of scar removal cream? Could I have one? Would it fade away the scars on my face?”
###Chapter 509: Chapter 509 The Vinegar Jar is going to flip_1
Li Yu opened his eye slightly to catch a glimpse of Tang Zhou’s bruised face, trying to suppress his laughter: “Sure.”
“Great, my man, hand me one.”
Li Yu tossed a casual “oh” back.noveldrama
Then, he turned his attention to Ye Xingguang, who was clumsily bandaging Ye Junqing, shaking his head, “Why would I let my clumsy sister do your bandaging, look at how inept she is.”
Ye Junqing adopted a helpless expression, “I have no choice, Xingguang won’t let anyone touch my shoulder, saying I am hers and only she can touch me. She’s really drunk, just let her be. Otherwise, she would start crying, I really don’t know what to do with her. Just like in the restaurant, I have to go with her flow.”
Li Yu chuckled.
Bai Lanwu, listening to his son-in-law’s words, also chuckled from the side, “This girl, I should not let her drink anymore, when she gets drunk…”
But Ye Junqing interjected, “It’s alright, Dad. Before you had your operation, she was like a rock was weighing down on her heart. She was too tense. Letting her relax isn’t a bad thing. She’s doing quite well with the bandaging. It’s getting late, Mom, you should go to bed. Everything is fine here.”
Bai Lanwu nodded, but couldn’t help but suggest, “Ask a nurse to do the bandaging. Does this child really know how? Get well-rested tonight, and I’ll take Xingguang back to the small villa to sleep. She can barely stand, let alone bandage your wounds. She’s just being stubborn.”
More than stubborn – absolutely unbearable!
By now, Ye Xingguang had finished bandaging Ye Junqing. The girl, drunk as a skunk, looked satisfied with her efforts. She gave a silly, self-adoring smile, then leaned in and kissed the white bandage.
Li Yu quickly turned away, throwing out a remark, “Since when do people get drunk and go into hibernation? When she gets drunk, she instantly turns into a retard. I’ve said she shouldn’t drink. Aunt Bai, do you believe me now? Remember when she got drunk and tried to crawl into my covers in the middle of the night. She nearly took my virtue!”
Ye Junqing’s face suddenly darkened: “!!!”
—
The next day, at noon.
Ye Xingguang woke up with a headache, a symptom of her hangover, making her feel like her head was going to split open. Luckily, after she woke up, her mom fed her some hangover soup.
Despite drinking a big bowl, she still felt sick.
Li Yu, dressed in loose sleepwear, sauntered over and ruffled her freshly tied bun, “Sis, don’t get drunk again. You’re unbearable when you’re drunk.”
Bai Lanwu was serving the two their meals, and agreed, “You really can’t drink again. Last night, Xiao Ye got hurt, but you wouldn’t allow the nurse to bandage him. It was ridiculous. Only because Xiao Ye spoils you, he agreed to…”
Bai Lanwu hadn’t finished her sentence before Ye Xingguang interjected, stunned, “Injury? He got injured? How did that happen?”
“Last night, do you remember the assassination attempt you and Xiao Ye encountered?”
“Assassination? I don’t know!”
All she remembered was having a great time at dinner last night and being too drunk to remember anything afterwards. How could they have been attacked?
Bai Lanwu informed her, “Xiao Ye was injured on the back by some beast. They say it was a pack of wolves taller than humans. He didn’t look so good this morning. Later we realized he had a fever and is now receiving an IV in the infusion room.”
“Huge wolves? How could there be such huge wolves in the city?”
Bai Lanwu placed a bowl of rice in front of her, “How should I know? Thank god you weren’t injured. You’d also be in the infusion room otherwise. All the bodyguards with Xiao Ye were bitten by the wolves – all of them without exception. They’re all running high fevers. After lunch, you should go check on them.”
Ye Xingguang had no appetite for lunch and left immediately.
[An Ying: Good night, requesting monthly ticket, requesting recommendation ticket]
###Chapter 510: Chapter 510: How Could I Possibly Be That Kind of Person?_1
Infusion Hall.
A row of bodyguards from the Ye’s Family were lying down, relying on their reclining chairs for an infusion. Ye Xingguang didn’t find Ye Junqing, but instead, she saw a woman with impressive facial features sitting next to Xiao Yun. Not only her looks, but also the dominant aura she exuded were particularly eye-catching.
However, the bodyguards lying in the Infusion Hall, with reverence and admiration in their eyes, were looking at her.
Seeing Ye Xingguang walk in, they all stood up, shouting:
“Sister Ye, hello!”
“Sister Ye, hello!”
“Sister Ye, hello!”
Ye Xingguang was taken aback – what was going on here? Weren’t they suffering from a fever-induced stupor?
Ye Xingguang circled around, going over to Xiao Yun, “Brother Xiao, where’s Ye Junqing?”
“Master Qing thought it was too noisy here, so he shifted to Tang Zhou’s ward for infusion.”
“Oh.”
Ye Xingguang was about to leave the Infusion Hall and go find Ye Junqing in Tang Zhou’s ward, but she couldn’t help asking before leaving, “What danger did you guys encounter last night? My mother told me you encountered giant wolves. Can you describe what those giant wolves looked like?”
“Does Miss Ye not remember?”
Ye Xingguang rubbed her aching head, “I drank too much. I only remember things from the dinner table. I can’t remember anything after that.”
Xiao Yun said, “That’s a shame.”
“What’s a shame?”
Xiao Yun smiled, “After you got drunk, you kept clinging onto Master Qing for meat.”noveldrama
“What?!?!” Ye Xingguang’s voice drastically heightened.
One bodyguard added, “You didn’t even leave minced meat for others!”
Another bodyguard added, “Not to mention minced meat, you didn’t even allow others to drink soup!”
A third bodyguard continued, “What about soup, you didn’t even allow others to smell the aroma of the meat!”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!!!!!”
Ye Xingguang: “You guys are joking, right? How could I possibly be like that?”
But one after another, the bodyguards began describing the situation last night vividly, without any exaggeration. Listening to their recounts, Ye Xingguang wished she could dig a hole and bury herself.
Ye Xingguang coughed violently to change the topic, “Can we not get off the topic and focus on explaining what the giant wolves looked like?”
Xiao Yun described it in detail, while Ye Xingguang furrowed her eyebrows.
Why did the giant wolves they encountered seem a bit familiar to her?
Ye Xingguang took out her mobile phone and checked the lunar calendar, surprisingly realizing that last night was a night of the full moon.
Xiao Yun saw Ye Xingguang in deep thought, “It’s also very strange. How can so many giant wolves appear in the city and not leave a single trace? Even the cameras along the way didn’t capture any wolves. It’s really unbelievable!”
A pack of giant wolves appeared in the city, leaving no trace at all?
Could it be… the werewolves she knew about?
These monsters look no different from ordinary people on regular days, but on full moon nights they transform into giant wolves, losing their rationality and becoming crazy. Maybe after the pack of wolves retreated, they had transformed back into human form, so the cameras didn’t capture any wolves.
Damn, if they are werewolves, everyone might have really been infected with the wolf poison, hence, suffering from unrelenting fevers.
If they’re infected with wolf poison, simple infusions can’t bring down the fever.
“Miss Ye? What are you thinking about? Have you seen a giant wolf before?”
Ye Xingguang came back to her senses, firmly denying, “Oh, nothing. I just need to go and find Ye Junqing.”
But thinking about what the bodyguards said, does she really have the nerve to find him?
Or should she find the antidote for the wolf poison first?
###Chapter 511: Chapter 511: Don’t Crush on Me, There Will Be No Results_1noveldrama
She had once been bitten by a werewolf herself, and luckily, she still remembered the potion that the “Tooth Granny” had prepared for her to detoxify the werewolf poison. Most of the ingredients in the potion could be found in a traditional Chinese medicine shop, but there was one ingredient that was hard to come by… oh, it seemed to be available only in her home.
It was something she had gotten from offshore and had thrown it into her house. It seemed she would have to go home to fetch it.
This was not something that could wait. When she realized that the patient had a high fever, her own heart started to burn as well. She hurriedly returned to the small villa, told her mother that she needed to make a trip back to the island, took her ID card, and prepared to set off.
“Why do you suddenly want to go back to the island?”
“King Ye was bitten by a giant wolf last night, and he probably got the werewolf poison which caused his high fever. Ordinary intravenous drip at the hospital couldn’t bring down his fever, so I need to go home to fetch a medicine ingredient to prepare a herbal remedy for him. Mum, if King Ye asks, please explain it to him for me.”
Having thought about the embarrassment she caused last night, she felt embarrassed to take the initiative to tell King Ye now.
Bai Lanwu nodded, instructed her to take care, and to bring some clothes for her and her husband on the way back.
In Tang Zhou’s ward, Ye Xingguang was lying on the chair, receiving an intravenous drip. Because of the high fever, his entire face was red and somewhat alluring. Tang Zhou looked at his own bruised face, then looked again at Ye Xingguang’s face which oozed charm despite the high fever, feeling extremely unbalanced.
Looking at others, even the fever made them more attractive; while he, when sick, resembled a sight for sore eyes!
Comparisons are really odious!
If little Ye Xingguang came to see Ye Xingguang now, she would definitely be captivated by him. The nurse, for no apparent reason, was coming in and out of the room, checking his blood pressure and taking his temperature. She was definitely drawn to him.
Ye Xingguang lazily leaned against the chair, like a male lion lying on the vast grassland, squinting and deep in thought.
At this time, his mobile phone in his pocket rang.
Ye Xingguang answered, coldly uttering a single word: “Speak.”
“Boss Ye, Li Yu plans to leave the capital, he’s got a plane ticket.”
Ye Xingguang’s fever made his head dizzy, and he was agitated, without thinking it over, he uttered out a command: “Follow him, and at the appropriate time, kill him! But not in the capital.”
Having said that, Ye Xingguang hung up the phone.
Ye Xingguang took her ID card, grabbed her bag and left, catched a plane to T City, and then took a car to the dock.
There were several cruise ships and speedboats docked at the pier, which were provided by the island neighbors to facilitate the islanders’ trips. Ye Xingguang directly went to the dock security guard to find a middle-aged man named Mr. Yu and asked for a speedboat key.
Unexpectedly, she bumped into Li Yu at Mr. Yu’s place, who was also asking Mr. Yu for a key.
Mr. Yu looked at the two of them, tossing a set of keys to Li Yu, saying, “Good, the two of you can go together, and keep each other company.”
Ye Xingguang was surprised: “Brother Yu, what are you doing here? Weren’t you in the hospital?”
Hearing her voice, Li Yu lifted his eyelid in annoyance: “Shouldn’t I be the one asking you that question? I’m done with Uncle Song’s surgery, why would I stay in the capital? I planned to leave quietly, but you’re good, knowing I’m leaving, you actually chased me here?”
“Why didn’t you tell me you were leaving?”
Li Yu, holding the key to the speedboat, looked at her sideway: “I left without a word for fear you’d follow me. Yet still, you managed to chase up with me. Don’t hold a candle for me, there’s no future in it.”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, I’ll continue updating around midnight tomorrow, kisses, asking for monthly tickets and recommendation tickets~~]
###Chapter 512: Chapter 512 Shut Up!_1
After speaking, he quickened his pace, clearly not wanting to walk with her.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but roll her eyes, “Who’s infatuated with you? Don’t flatter yourself! If I was infatuated, it would be with Lord Ye Junqing, but… stop right there!”
Li Yu waited for her for a moment, then lowered his head to look at her, “Oh, Lord Ye Junqing? I thought it was open affection, when did it become infatuation?”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang smiled happily, “Whether it’s open affection or infatuation, I just love him, that’s all that matters.”
Li Yu chuckled twice, too lazy to engage her further.
Ye Xingguang saw a small supermarket on the dock and felt hungry, “Brother Yu, shall we go in and buy some snacks for the road?”
“Not interested, buy your own snacks if you’re hungry. Don’t think you can cheat money out of me for snacks, I’m not the easily fooled kid I was before.”
“Humph, I have plenty of money. Why would I need your pocket money? Just wait for me. I’m going in to buy something to eat. I’m hungry.”
Li Yu reluctantly followed her into the store. The two of them picked and chose, ending up with many snacks and drinks.
After paying, they left the supermarket. Li Yu snatched the plastic bag full of snacks, and Ye Xingguang cried out, “That’s mine, hold it right there.”
“Only if you can take it from me.”
With that, Li Yu ran off, and Ye Xingguang chased after him in annoyance. The two of them chased and fooled around all the way to a motorboat.
The bodyguards from the Ye family, who had been assigned to assassinate Li Yu, took in the scene. They had initially planned to seize the chance to kill Li Yu once they reached the sea, but now that Ye Xingguang had joined him, they found it prudent to notify Lord Ye Junqing.
“Lord Junqing, Miss Ye is with Li Yu.”
Lord Junqing’s expression drastically changed, “How are they together?”
The bodyguard, who was tailing Li Yu, speculated, “Perhaps Li Yu left unannounced, so Miss Ye chased him from the imperial city to T City.”
The line fell silent after his words. Lord Junqing paused for a moment, seeming to find it hard to believe the bodyguard’s words, his voice suddenly cold, “Don’t babble nonsense without evidence!”
“Lord Junqing, it’s true. Li Yu couldn’t shake off Miss Ye, she chased him all the way here. We saw them ourselves. They’re now heading out to sea on the motorboat together. We planned to kill Li Yu at sea, but now Miss Ye is also on the boat…”
The bodyguard’s voice was particularly indignant!
Lord Junqing said the person who tried to kill him last night was Li Yu. Yet, Miss Ye chased him over thousands of miles, traitor!
“Shut up!” Lord Junqing left those words and abruptly hung up the phone.
Seeing the call had ended, the bodyguard, fearing that Lord Junqing might not believe him, sent the short video he took of the two together to him.
Right as Lord Junqing was planning to call and find out if Little Mermaid had left the imperial city, he received a notification for the short video sent by the bodyguards. He casually clicked on it.
Immediately, the scene of Ye Xingguang and Li Yu chasing each other around at the pier broke into his view.
The man, who was already running a high fever, felt a sudden surge of anger from his chest, burning all the way to the top of his head!
A female nurse who came in to check Lord Junqing’s temperature couldn’t even get within two meters of him before she felt the temperature around him plummet as if she had suddenly arrived in the North Pole. The bone-penetrating chill emanating from his handsome face was particularly daunting.
###Chapter 513: Chapter 513: Uncle Qing, Where Are You Going? _1
The female nurse was initially planning to take Ye Junqing’s temperature, but was deterred by the chill emanating from him, and turned around to check Tang Zhou’s blood pressure instead.
Tang Zhou, who was laid in bed playing video games, also noticed. Junqing’s complexion had turned especially grim, which was quite frightening.
Tang Zhou asked, “Junqing, what’s wrong? Are you extremely bothered by the fever? You’ve been on IV drips the whole day, yet the fever still hasn’t subsided. Did you encounter a quack?”
Ye Junqing didn’t respond. He wore a stern expression, and dialed a number on his phone, “Temporarily halt the operation!”
Even though he’d rather strangle them himself, Ye Junqing emphasized, “Whoever dares to harm a hair on her head, I’ll take their life!”
Upon hearing Ye Junqing’s intimidating words, the bodyguards preparing to assassinate Li Yu on the sea, how could they dare to proceed?
But Ye Junqing was not reassured, his voice chillingly cold, “Did you hear me? Respond!”
“Yes, Master Ye.” The voice of the bodyguard was visibly resentful, yet he didn’t dare disobey his command.
Only then did Ye Junqing hang up the phone, letting out a depressed sigh of relief.
In the past, he had sent men to assassinate Li Yu. Coincidentally, Li Yu was with Xiaoyuwei at the time, but rather than harming Li Yu, they had wounded Xiaoyuwei instead. This matter had been a source of ongoing remorse for him, and he didn’t want to repeat the past!
However, Ye Junqing’s heart felt like it was about to explode with fury!
Once upon a time, though Li Yu hadn’t performed surgery on his father-in-law, he had visited the capital to meet her. Back then, Xiaoyuwei had told him Li Yu was merely an old playmate from her childhood, and he had foolishly believed it. He even treated Li Yu kindly, thinking of him as Xiaoyuwei’s older brother. He hadn’t expected that after staying for just a few days, Li Yu left without bidding farewell, and Xiaoyuwei actually ran after him thousands of miles away!
Even so, he had never thought of the weight Li Yu carried in Xiaoyuwei’s heart!
He had told himself that a man needs to be generous, that Xiaoyuwei was merely going to her hometown with Li Yu for a few days, that it was no big deal!
But it turned out that his indulgence, his generosity, had allowed those two to fool him behind his back…noveldrama
“Get the plane ready!” Every time he thought about the past, the flames of jealousy in Ye Junqing’s heart could set his entire body ablaze. If there was a forest in his chest, he imagined that it would have been burnt to ashes already!
He would no longer be as naive, as foolish as he once was, allowing Xiaoyuwei and Li Yu to have their way!
“Get the plane ready, Junqing, where are you headed?”
Ye Junqing said nothing and immediately pulled out the IV needle from his hand. Blood immediately gushed out from the back of his hand.
The nurse who was still checking Tang Zhou’s blood pressure saw this and promptly walked over, “Mr. Ye, you can’t pull out the needle like that. There’s already bleeding from the back of your hand. Quickly, get some cotton swabs to apply pressure.”
But Ye Junqing, as though he hadn’t heard her, walked towards the exit.
Outside the door, stood steadfast his bodyguards, all assigned to protect Tang Zhou. When they heard Ye Junqing’s voice, they immediately bowed, “Master Ye, where are you headed?”
Fu Zhuo came over with some food and saw Ye Junqing as well, immediately stepping forward, “Master Ye.”
“You came just in time, prepare the plane!”
“Wait, now? But your fever hasn’t subsided yet. Where are you going?”
Ye Junqing threw out three words, “Can’t be killed by fever!”
Indeed, but if he didn’t go, he’d feel like he was being shot to death by a streak of green light from above!
He now understood clearly what the so-called ‘initial sunshine’ in one’s heart was. In front of a woman’s childhood sweetheart, it was completely insignificant!
###Chapter 514: Chapter 514: Encountering a Harrowing Adventure _1
In T-city, a speedboat cruised and dashed over the calm sea.
On the speedboat, there were exactly two seats. Li Yu claimed the driver’s seat, while Ye Xingguang sat beside him, facing the sea breeze. She kept her hands up high and enjoyed the thrill for quite some time before using them to shield her face from the sun.
Turning her head sideway, she glanced at Li Yu’s handsome face and stared at it for a long moment.
Under the sunlight, Li Yu’s face was relaxed and weary, his half-awake eyebrows and eyes added a touch of innocent beauty to his appearance.
Having set the speedboat on auto-driving mode, Li Yu stretched his long legs languidly with his hands behind his head, “What are you looking at? Am I charming enough to turn your head?”
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes. However, she did admit that the lad had grown more attractive, enough to make girls scream. His nose was high, and his skin, white enough to incite her jealousy, seemed like fine china. His eyelashes were too long and dense. His side face even seemed like a well-edited picture. It was just that she had grown up with Li Yu and was probably too familiar with him to feel any spark.
Ye Xingguang didn’t look away and openly admired his beauty, “Brother Yu, you haven’t been home for so many years. I bet Uncle Li will be thrilled to see you.”
“Are you sure he won’t want to kill me on sight?” Li Yu muttered lazily.
Ye Xingguang burst into laughter. With Uncle Li’s temper, that really could be the case.
“You deserve it. You ran away from home and didn’t return for years. Every New Year’s Eve, Uncle Li would say he’s going to kill you. Once we get to the island, if Uncle Li hits you, I’ll speak on your behalf considering you did surgery for my dad. But, Brother Yu, where on earth have you been goofing off all these years?”
Li Yu gave a lazy laugh. The sun was intense at sea, as were the UV rays. Shielding his eyes with his hand, he looked downcast, “I had an unforgettable adventure, but let’s just leave it at that. I’m sleepy, don’t disturb me.”
Seeing him about to doze off again, Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes, “All you know is sleep. It’s as if you’re never fully awake. Do you not sleep at night and act like a thief instead?”
“Tired!” Li Yu tossed her a word.
“Then switch seats with me. I’ll drive.”
Li Yu didn’t refuse, quickly switched seats with her, and went back to his comfortable slumber.
Ye Xingguang smacked her lips, hurling an insult, “Sleeping pig!”
Then, she focused on driving the boat.
After a journey of driving, they finally reached the dock of the island at ten o’clock at night.
Fortunately, it was a bright night with a nearly full moon. They stepped onto the fragrant dock bathed in moonlight, which had a charm of its own.
Ye Xingguang came back to pick up medicine, so after she got what she needed from the house and packed up a few pieces of her parents’ clothing, she planned to leave the island without any delay.noveldrama
As she was about to close the door, she saw an elderly woman, still full of charm, walking out from the neighboring villa. The woman lit her face with a flashlight and recognized her after a while, “Xingguang?”
“Mrs. Shen, it’s me.”
After closing the door, Xingguang crossed to the adjacent villa to greet Mrs. Shen.
Mrs. Shen hadn’t seen Xingguang for a long time, and her face was full of affectionate surprise, “You child, when did you come back? Are your parents back too? How is your father’s health? Come in and sit.”
Not minding the few extra minutes before her departure, Ye Xingguang followed Mrs. Shen into the house.
Mrs. Shen was a person full of artistic taste, and even the interior decor of the villa radiated artistic charm.
###Chapter 515: Chapter 515: Enquiring Warmly Every Day – Part 1
After changing her shoes and coming in, she said, “My dad just had a kidney transplant surgery, and now he is still in the intensive care unit. Grandma Shen, I came back to get something, I have to leave tonight.”
Seeing her haggard appearance, old Mrs. Shen asked, “Have you had dinner yet?”
“Not yet.”
“Stay here, I’ll have someone make something for you to eat.”
Mrs. Shen lives alone, but she has several maids taking care of her. She called out to a cook and brought some nuts and fruits to the living room, telling her to fill her stomach first.
“Thank you, Grandma Shen.”
Ye Xingguang was completely unceremonious, just like at home. While eating, she told Mrs. Shen about her father’s condition, “By the way, it was Li Yu who performed the surgery on my dad. I don’t know where this guy learned his medical skills, but the doctors in the hospital regard him as a magician in the field of medicine. I returned with him.”
“Li Yu is back too? He hasn’t been back for several years.”noveldrama
“I suspect Uncle Li is going to kill him, I’ll go save him once I’m done eating.”
Old Mrs. Shen laughed, looked at the time, and said, “Don’t leave tonight, stay at home. I’m worried about you, it’s not safe for a girl to be out late at night.”
But Ye Xingguang was eager to return, “Grandma, my boyfriend is ill. He’s waiting for the medicine I’m bringing back. I can’t wait.”
The sweetness of being in love was evident on her face.
“By the way, Grandma Shen, I saw the old man in this photo on your wall in the capital. He always asks where you are. To win me over, he bought several of my songs and said he’s going to make me a star. He probably wanted to bribe me, just look how many messages he’s sent me in the past two months. Almost one a day, taking the time to send his regards…”
Ye Xingguang took out her phone and opened the WeChat conversation she had with old Mr. Gu.
Mr. Gu, a respected figure in the music industry, indeed sent her a WeChat message every day persistently:
For instance: Little Xingguang, the temperature has dropped today. Could you mention this to your piano teacher and remind her to keep warm?
For instance: Little Xingguang, the humidity has been high lately. Your piano teacher has a chronic case of rheumatism. I have a great plaster here, could you give me her address so I can send her some?
For instance: Little Xingguang, your teacher is turning sixty-three next month. I bought her a dress. Could you give me an address to send it to her?
Ye Xingguang looked at the chat history and chuckled, “Mr. Gu is always trying to get your address from me. Should I give it to him?”
Old Mrs. Shen snorted, “Don’t bother with him.”
Ye Xingguang giggled quietly, “I don’t want to bother with him, but he doesn’t give up and sends me messages every day. And now we have a working relationship. It wouldn’t be right if I completely ignored him. He polished each piece of music I composed, found the best lyricists and singers. Our album is about to be released.”
Mr. Gu included all of her music in Ling Han’s new album. She hoped that Ling Han would outshine Xia Yanyan in the music industry. She had heard all the new songs in advance and had a feeling that they would definitely become hits.
Old Mrs. Shen was happy for her, but upon thinking of the smooth-talking Mr. Gu harassing Xingguang, her face immediately darkened.
Ye Xingguang noted that there was still a picture of Mr. Gu hanging on Grandma Shen’s wall, indicating that there must still be some affection left. “Grandma Shen, should I give him the address of the island?”
###Chapter 516: Chapter 516: If I don’t know how to cherish you, I don’t want it! _1
“Tell him what? We’re divorced! An old man, still troubling a young girl like you? I’m missing his coat, am I?”
Lady Shen got up after saying these words, “I’ll go see what the kitchen has cooked for you. Once you’ve eaten, I’ll have someone escort you off the island. I’m not at ease with a girl leaving at this hour. What sickness does Officer have that it has you so anxious to return?”
“He has a fever, a high fever that’s not going away. The remedy that helps his fever is only with me.”
Lady Shen said, “It’s just a high fever. If a grown man can’t withstand a minor sickness and needs you to journey home exhausted, does that boy even care for you? If he doesn’t care for you, forget him!”
“He does care for me. I made the decision to come back without telling him first. Granny, please don’t misunderstand him.”
“You’re not even married yet, and already so protective of him. How’s it going to be when you actually marry into his family? When are we announcing the betrothal? This time, your parents went to the Imperial City. It’s just right to settle all these betrothal matters. I called your mom yesterday, and she said she hasn’t met the in-laws yet? Your father is sick, and they haven’t even visited him. This is quite preposterous! Are they not taking you seriously? If they don’t value you, then don’t marry into their family!”noveldrama
Lady Shen had watched Ye Xingguang grow up. Xingguang was like her own granddaughter and she couldn’t bear to see others neglecting her.
Ye Xingguang felt dejected whenever the topic of betrothal was brought up.
She felt somewhat choked up too. Her future parents-in-law had not visited her sick father, which seemed to upset her parents.
Not to mention her parents, she herself was feeling troubled.
What’s with this…
Forget it, let’s not bring up this annoying matter.
Seeing her remain silent, Lady Shen became even more unhappy. It seemed that the Ye’s family did not truly cherish her adopted granddaughter!
The cook served up a bowl of beef noodles and several dishes for Ye Xingguang. She served them all onto the dining table once they were hot.
Ye Xingguang was starving. She didn’t stand on ceremony and gobbled everything up, finally finishing with a satisfying burp.
By the time she was done eating, Lady Shen had arranged a speedboat with a sailor who could navigate them off the island. Before leaving, she stuffed Ye Xingguang with a bunch of snacks to take back to the Imperial City.
Ye Xingguang carried all of it in her hands, “Well, Granny Shen, I’m off now.”
“Yes, go on. Take good care of your dad.”
Ye Xingguang had already walked out of the yard, but she remembered to say to Lady Shen, “Granny Shen, give it some thought. Maybe Mr. Gu could be your companion in your old age. Seeing Mr. Gu’s persistence, I think he’s pretty good. You could have a beautiful sunset love story.”
Lady Shen glared at Ye Xingguang, feeling a bit shy, “What sunset love, old age…He’s dreaming if he thinks he wants me to take care of him! Go on now, you cheeky girl, uttering such nonsense.”
Ye Xingguang gave a cheeky smile and left.
Under the street lights, she pulled her small suitcase walking on flagstone pavement. There was an abundance of greenery, around 60% of the island, with mountain and river vistas, fragrant flowers and birdsong. The villas were all uniquely designed according to the terrain, making each of them distinct, unlike the identical villas in the big cities.
The extraordinary villas on the island came in a variety of architectural styles. Each was unique and seemed to be the inspired creation of a designer.
Before she left the island, she passed by Li Yu’s house.
Li Yu’s villa was built against the mountain and was acclaimed as the most beautiful corner on the island.
From afar, Ye Xingguang saw Li Yu under the streetlight, squatting by the red wall at the beautiful corner, with his head tilted as if he were sleeping. This guy! Why wasn’t he sleeping in his comfortable bed, but instead at the corner of the wall? Was he insane?
###Chapter 515: Chapter 515: Enquiring Warmly Every Day – Part 1noveldrama
After changing her shoes and coming in, she said, “My dad just had a kidney transplant surgery, and now he is still in the intensive care unit. Grandma Shen, I came back to get something, I have to leave tonight.”
Seeing her haggard appearance, old Mrs. Shen asked, “Have you had dinner yet?”
“Not yet.”
“Stay here, I’ll have someone make something for you to eat.”
Mrs. Shen lives alone, but she has several maids taking care of her. She called out to a cook and brought some nuts and fruits to the living room, telling her to fill her stomach first.
“Thank you, Grandma Shen.”
Ye Xingguang was completely unceremonious, just like at home. While eating, she told Mrs. Shen about her father’s condition, “By the way, it was Li Yu who performed the surgery on my dad. I don’t know where this guy learned his medical skills, but the doctors in the hospital regard him as a magician in the field of medicine. I returned with him.”
“Li Yu is back too? He hasn’t been back for several years.”
“I suspect Uncle Li is going to kill him, I’ll go save him once I’m done eating.”
Old Mrs. Shen laughed, looked at the time, and said, “Don’t leave tonight, stay at home. I’m worried about you, it’s not safe for a girl to be out late at night.”
But Ye Xingguang was eager to return, “Grandma, my boyfriend is ill. He’s waiting for the medicine I’m bringing back. I can’t wait.”
The sweetness of being in love was evident on her face.
“By the way, Grandma Shen, I saw the old man in this photo on your wall in the capital. He always asks where you are. To win me over, he bought several of my songs and said he’s going to make me a star. He probably wanted to bribe me, just look how many messages he’s sent me in the past two months. Almost one a day, taking the time to send his regards…”
Ye Xingguang took out her phone and opened the WeChat conversation she had with old Mr. Gu.
Mr. Gu, a respected figure in the music industry, indeed sent her a WeChat message every day persistently:
For instance: Little Xingguang, the temperature has dropped today. Could you mention this to your piano teacher and remind her to keep warm?
For instance: Little Xingguang, the humidity has been high lately. Your piano teacher has a chronic case of rheumatism. I have a great plaster here, could you give me her address so I can send her some?
For instance: Little Xingguang, your teacher is turning sixty-three next month. I bought her a dress. Could you give me an address to send it to her?
Ye Xingguang looked at the chat history and chuckled, “Mr. Gu is always trying to get your address from me. Should I give it to him?”
Old Mrs. Shen snorted, “Don’t bother with him.”
Ye Xingguang giggled quietly, “I don’t want to bother with him, but he doesn’t give up and sends me messages every day. And now we have a working relationship. It wouldn’t be right if I completely ignored him. He polished each piece of music I composed, found the best lyricists and singers. Our album is about to be released.”
Mr. Gu included all of her music in Ling Han’s new album. She hoped that Ling Han would outshine Xia Yanyan in the music industry. She had heard all the new songs in advance and had a feeling that they would definitely become hits.
Old Mrs. Shen was happy for her, but upon thinking of the smooth-talking Mr. Gu harassing Xingguang, her face immediately darkened.
Ye Xingguang noted that there was still a picture of Mr. Gu hanging on Grandma Shen’s wall, indicating that there must still be some affection left. “Grandma Shen, should I give him the address of the island?”
###Chapter 517: Chapter 517: The Big Poisonous Tumor Pursues His Wife for Thousands of Miles _1
Ye Xingguang walked towards him, “Li Yu, why are you standing at the entrance? Why don’t you go inside? I was going to rescue you. Don’t tell me Uncle Li has chased you out, or he won’t even let you in?”noveldrama
Li Yu raised an eyebrow, as though accepting his plight, focused on the luggage in her hands, “Where are you off to?”
“Back to the capital,” she replied.
Li Yu: “You just got here less than an hour ago, and you’re leaving already?”
“I only came back to fetch my stuff. Now that I’ve gotten it, of course, I have to head back. I’ve booked a flight for 4:30 tomorrow morning to the capital. If Uncle Li really did kick you out, will you stay over here?”
“Isn’t it quite nice here?” Li Yu answered, seemingly prepared to spend the night in a corner of the courtyard.
“How can that be? Why don’t you stay at my place tonight? Once Uncle Li calms down, you can move back in. My house is vacant anyway, and nobody is staying there. Here, take the keys.”
Li Yu did not stand on ceremony. After taking her keys, he picked up her luggage, wanting to escort her to the pier.
Just as they reached the pier, a clap of thunder echoed across the sky, startling Ye Xingguang, who had always been afraid of thunderstorms.
The boatman was waiting at the pier with a worried look. “The weather forecast has predicted a storm tonight, suggesting that it’s not suitable for sailing. I didn’t think much of it due to the clear sky just now, but now the sky is enveloped in dark clouds. Xingguang, should we leave the island tomorrow morning instead? With such unpredictable weather, it might not be safe to leave now.”
“What?” But the person who got bitten by the wolf is having a high fever and waiting for her to return with the medicine.
“Boom!”
“Boom!”
One thunderclap after another made Ye Xingguang’s heart quiver. Even before the storm had begun, her heart had already succumbed to fear, she was exceedingly afraid of thunder, not slightly.
At this moment, Mrs. Shen called, “Xingguang, have you set off yet?”
“Not yet, we were just about to.”
Mrs. Shen breathed a sigh of relief, “That’s good. Return quickly! I wasn’t aware of the weather report until you left, and heard that there will be a typhoon tonight. Return quickly, leaving the island can wait. You’ve always been afraid of thunder; your parents will surely blame me if they find out.”
At this very moment, a private airplane was making its journey through the night.
Fu Zhuo sat on the plane, chattering incessantly.
“Uncle Yue, are you sure you know where Miss Ye’s island is? It would be troublesome if you got it wrong. It’s odd, despite her island being registered, there are no specific coordinates marked on the map. If we miss out on any longitudes or latitudes at this late hour, especially in the middle of a storm, good luck finding it. And it’s just a remote and simple island, it probably won’t have an airport — so where could we land?”
Ye Junyao glanced at the jabbering Fu Zhuo, causing him to shut up neatly.
Just as Fu Zhuo closed his eyes, Master Gu who coincidentally seated on Yue’s plane couldn’t help but ask, “Young man, your secretary is correct. With your feverish state, are you sure you can remember the correct coordinates?”
Who said he’s delirious? He’s completely lucid right now!
Ye Junyao’s facial muscles were taut. He had dozed off twice on the plane. Each time he was asleep, his dreams were filled with scenes of Xiaoyuxi and Li Yu in each other’s arms. The flames of jealousy that had been burning in his chest for hours were not ghing out; instead, they were growing stronger!
Ye Junyao closed his eyes, daring not to think about what he would do if he came across such a scenario again. Should he put an end to them, or should he let them be?
###Chapter 518: Chapter 518: The Big Cancer Proposed to Her_1
Ye Xingguang finally returned home, planning to head back to the capital after the typhoon had passed.
That night, Li Yu said he wanted to stay in the guest room next to her bedroom. She tidied up the guest room as the thunder roared overhead. All she wanted was to get into bed and weather this torturous night.
Before going to sleep, Li Yu teased her, “Sis, why don’t you share a room with me? You can take the bed, I’ll sleep on the floor. I’ll protect you!”
“That’s a bit much. Good night.”
With that, Ye Xingguang retreated to her bedroom, closing the door behind her. Lying in bed, she couldn’t help but clutch her pillow tight at the sound of thunder. All she could think about was her cancer. She imagined him holding her tightly, which seemed to dissipate her fear.
Sigh~~~
She didn’t know what cancer was up to right now. His fever must be still high. Perhaps he was lying in bed getting an IV drip. Just the thought of it made her heart ache.
She drifted off to sleep thinking about it, and in her dream, cancer proposed to her. He knelt on the ground with a massive diamond ring and asked her to marry him…
Just as she was about to agree, she was awakened by a knocking at the door.
In the middle of the night, with the rain pouring down, hearing a knock at the door was admittedly quite scary. She stayed still for a while to make sure she wasn’t hearing things. Annoyedly, she got up to answer the door and turned on the light in the living room. Inside, she still felt regretful for being woken up at such a crucial time in her dream. So, annoying! She hadn’t even said yes to cancer. Just three words: “I do!”
“Knock, knock, knock!”
The knocking at the door grew more hurried and insistent.
“Who is it?” Ye Xingguang walked to the living room door and asked without opening it.
“Open the door!” Through the door, Ye Xingguang heard Cancer’s voice. Wait, was she still dreaming?
Was she still trapped in a dream and not yet awake, and her dream had just switched scenarios? Otherwise, how could she hear Cancer’s voice? It was the middle of the night. There’s no way Cancer could be here. Besides, Cancer didn’t even know where she lived.
Unsure, Ye Xingguang once again asked, “Who are you?”
“Your man!” The low hoarse voice came; filled with a few shades of fatigue, but his tone brooked no argument.
Ye Xingguang’s heart jolted. Yes, she must be dreaming!
Ye Xingguang then quickly opened the door. As soon as the door opened, the cool wind outside rolled in with fine rain onto her face. Ye Xingguang shivered and looked up. Night Lord’s towering figure of 185cm had already blocked all the rain and wind for her. The room light landed on his beautiful features, illuminating his sculpted face.
Perhaps he’d been knocking for too long; his entire expression didn’t look too good, his facial muscles were taut.
Their eyes met, and she was overjoyed, but the aura around the man was extraordinarily intimidating.
Before she could say a word, Night Lord stepped in, not bothering to change his shoes, making a beeline for the guest room where Li Yu was sleeping.
In Night Lord’s memory, the guest room in which Li Yu slept was Ye Xingguang’s bedroom.noveldrama
Coming out of her surprise, Ye Xingguang followed with a sweet smile playing on her lips. She thought she was still dreaming. While looking at his rather formidable back, she didn’t feel cold but fascinated, so entranced that her eyes wouldn’t move away.
Night Lord directly pushed open the door to her bedroom, turned on the light, and upon looking at the bed, he saw Li Yu lying there. Instantly, his temples started to throb. The memories deeply buried in his mind came flooding to the surface.
Were these two sharing a bed?
###Chapter 519: Chapter 519: Li Yu, do you really think I can’t kill you!_1
Whether it was the scene that had driven him to madness, or whether the fever had destroyed his sanity, without uttering another word, Ye Junqing marched over to the bed and swung a huge fist towards Li Yu’s face.
Ye Xingguang felt her heart leap in apprehension and immediately rushed forward to stop Ye Junqing, “Ye Junqing, what are you doing? Stop it!”
At the first punch, Li Yu opened his eyes but seemed to have no clear understanding of what had just happened. The second punch from Ye Junqing landed, and Li Yu snapped angrily, “Master Junqing, have you lost your mind?”
“You ask me if I’ve lost my mind, Li Yu? You dare to lay a hand on my woman. Do you truly believe I can’t kill you?”
Overwhelmed by jealousy, Ye Junqing didn’t hold back at all, delivering punches with both speed and malice. Li Yu seemed incapable of fighting back and could only endure the barrage as he lay on the bed. The sight was deeply etched in Ye Xingguang’s eyes—
“Ye Junqing, stop it!”
Ye Xingguang leapt onto the bed, embracing Ye Junqing from behind, trying to prevent him from indiscriminately beating Li Yu. She knew how strong Ye Junqing was, from experience, but being on the receiving end of his strength was always a losing game.
At this moment, Ye Junqing was clearly going all out, walloping Li Yu with vicious abandon. Li Yu’s face was purpling from the blows and he was spitting out blood. The sight was torturous for Ye Xingguang; she couldn’t allow Ye Junqing to beat Li Yu up without knowing the whole story.
Finally managing to stop Ye Junqing, she immediately moved herself in front of Li Yu, glaring furiously at Ye Junqing, “Ye Junqing, what the hell is wrong with you?”
Seeing Ye Xingguang actually protecting Li Yu, Ye Junqing’s dark eyes grew even colder, staring down from his towering height, his icy voice sent chills down one’s spine, “Ye Xingguang, don’t forget you’re mine.”
As he finished speaking, he grabbed my wrist, pulling me off the bed, denying me the chance to shield Li Yu. The force of his grip made Ye Xingguang’s brow furrow in pain, she struggled to free herself, “Ye Junqing, let me go. It hurts!”
Ignoring her pleas, he yanked her into the bathroom, throwing her into the bathtub. Taking the showerhead from the wall, he turned the water on full blast, aiming it directly at her.
She undoubtedly smelt like Li Yu. He had to wash her clean or else he’d not be able to control his strength and might end up wringing her neck!
He’d thought he was favoured by the heavens, that their meeting was an opportunity from god for them to reunite. As it turned out, he was far too optimistic. As long as Li Yu was present, he doubted he was even worth a fart in her eyes!
“Umph… What are you… Don’t spray water on me… Ye Junqing, you’ve lost it… I swear I’ll get angry if you go on like this!”
Ye Xingguang tried to avoid the torrent of water, but the water still managed to hit her. Very quickly, her legs turned into a beautiful fishtail. She floundered in the bathtub, bearing the brunt of his rage. It felt inexplicably distressing. If this were a dream, it would definitely be a nightmare. Why was she having such a nightmare?
“Ye Junqing… You bastard!” Her voice choked with emotion.
With an icy expression, Ye Junqing dropped the showerhead and, with fingers trembling with fury, gripped her chin forcing her to look up at him, “I’m a bastard, am I? You, on the other hand, lured a man a thousand miles away into your room to sleep with you. Ye Xingguang, what do you take me for? If you like him so much, marry him. Why do you torment me?”noveldrama
###Chapter 520: Chapter 520: The Stronger, the More Vulnerable _1
“What do you mean by ‘chasing a cheating husband thousands of miles’? Watch your mouth! Li Yu had nowhere to sleep, I only let him stay in the guest room. What are you thinking in your head?”
“No place to sleep, do you think I’d believe that? Guest room? Is this a guest room? Don’t think I don’t know this is your bedroom, Ye Xingguang. Don’t forget that you’re still my Mrs. Ye Junqing. Do you think I’m the type of man who lets his wife cheat on him?”
After saying this, he bent down, his thin lips heavily pressed against hers, wanting to prove to her with actions. Could it be that he wasn’t as charming as Li Yu? Could it be that his lips were not as mesmerizing as Li Yu’s?
“Mm-mm…”
Ye Xingguang tried to turn her face away. With the man misunderstanding her this way, how could she be in the mood?
But Ye Junqing was determined. Like a lion fueled by anger, Ye Xingguang gave her all to push him away, but he kept coming back. Ye Xingguang was so angry that she was shaking. Seizing the opportunity, she viciously bit Ye Junqing.
Ye Junqing felt the pain in his tongue and finally she pushed him away. Ye Xingguang wiped her mouth hard. Seeing her actions, could it be that she began to despise him?
His voice echoed heavily, “What are you wiping? Now, only Li Yu is allowed to touch you? Even my touch disgusts you?”
“Ye Junqing, shut up!” Ye Xingguang was so angry that her eyes reddened.
She really didn’t have the mood to argue with a man suffering from delusions. Pointing angrily at the bathroom door, she said, “Get out, I don’t want to see you now!”
Seeing him standing high above her by the bathtub, immovable, Ye Xingguang’s tone intensified: “Get out!”noveldrama
Ye Junqing’s face turned frosty, staring at her for a long time: the anger simmered inside him as he stepped out.
However, in the next second, his steps faltered, then returned. He tore the towel hanging on the wall, wrapped her in it, and lifted her out of the bathtub. Subsequently Ye Xingguang found herself in the man’s overbearing embrace.
A beautiful fishtail quickly transformed into a slender leg.
She pushed hard, but the man confined her tightly in his embrace, carrying her out in a swift, domineering fashion.
“Let me go, let me go, I don’t want you to hold me now.”
“You think I will give Li Yu the chance to carry you out of the bathtub?” His voice was low and cold. The stronger his words and demeanour, the more fragile his proud heart.
He would absolutely not allow her to stay in the same room with Li Yu any longer!
But just as Ye Junqing was carrying her out, Li Yu’s voice came from the bedroom, “Xingguang, where’s the first aid kit?”
Ye Xingguang glanced at Li Yu, who was tilting his head back with blood still gushing from his nose, and he seemed seriously injured.
Feeling guilty, Ye Xingguang thought it was because of Ye Junqing’s delusions that Li Yu got beat up this badly. Despite that, Li Yu didn’t barge in and confront Ye Junqing but just asked her for the first aid kit.
In comparison, who was too much and who was pitiful was clear in Ye Xingguang’s heart.
“Put me down, I need to get the first aid kit for Li Yu.” Ye Xingguang said.
Ye Junqing looked down at her, his eyebrows icy: “Try giving him the first aid kit!”
Li Yu got up and said, “Never mind, you and your man chat. I’m leaving.”
“Ye Junqing, how long are you going to make unreasonable fuss?”
Seeing Li Yu about to leave, his face bloodied, how could Ye Xingguang let Ye Junqing keep bothering her? With a flip, she jumped out of Ye Junqing’s embrace, glared at him wrapped in her bath towel, and went to stop Li Yu from leaving.
###Chapter 521: Chapter 521: Still Want to Defend Ye Junqing_1
“Brother Yu, I’m sorry. Please wait here while I find a first aid kit for you…”
Li Yu tilted his head back, using tissue to stop the bleeding from his nose, “Alright, hurry up. I feel dizzy. What’s the matter with your boyfriend, coming over in the middle of the night just to beat me up? Has he gone crazy?”
“He must be out of his mind. Just don’t pay him any mind.”
Li Yu snorted, “I can let it slide this time for your sake, but bring me the first aid kit quickly.”
“Okay.”
As Ye Xingguang was about to find the first aid kit, her wrist was grabbed by Ye Junqing.
Ye Xingguang forcefully broke free from Ye Junqing’s grasp, her words harsh and stern, “If your mind is muddled, go sit on the living room sofa, but if you continue to be so rough…”
“What if I continue to be rough?” Ye Junqing’s face looked colder than the lightning-filled storm outside, his gaze intimidating as if he wanted to swallow her whole.
“Ye Junqing, my tolerance has limits. Do not mistake my patience for you as an opportunity to behave recklessly!”
Li Yu stood up and said, “Young lady, stop arguing with him. Perhaps, it’s better for me to leave. I don’t want my presence to harm your relationship.”
“Brother Yu, please don’t leave. If anyone should leave, it’s not you!”
“So you mean… I should leave?” The voice of Ye Junqing was filled with bitter coldness and mockery.
Ye Xingguang, filled with anger, blurted out, “Yes!”
“Fine!” Ye Junqing turned around and left the room, slamming the door on his way out with a sound louder than thunder.
The sound of the door slamming shut brought tears to Ye Xingguang’s eyes. She had no idea why this man would come all the way to her house, full of wrath, just to catch her cheating.noveldrama
But where does the cheating come from?
Did he really see her as that kind of woman?
Ye Xingguang forcefully wiped the tears from her eyes and went to look for the first aid kit.
Meanwhile, Li Yu had walked out of the bedroom and was lying on the living room sofa, occasionally letting out a moan of pain.
Ye Xingguang brought the first aid kit in front of him, opened it and started to treat the wounds on his face. Looking at how badly Li Yu’s face was injured, she was at a loss for words, unable to express her guilt and apology.
Because, poor Brother Yu was entirely innocent.
“Brother Yu, please bear with it. Let me treat your wounds.”
Li Yu, leaning against the sofa with his long legs on the coffee table, replied, “Your partner seems to have a violent tendency. Does he usually beat you up at home?”
“He didn’t. His temper could be a bit poor, but it’s not as bad as you think. I have no idea what happened tonight. Maybe he’s delirious with fever. Just ignore him.”
Even though Ye Xingguang was upset, she still tried to explain for Ye Junqing.
Li Yu laughed sarcastically but said nothing. After some silence, he continued, “So, he rushed all the way from the capital, mistaking us as sleeping together, just to catch us in the act. He doesn’t even have the slightest trust in you?”
This question hit hard.
Ye Xingguang felt a strange sourness in her nose, “Brother Yu, stop it.”
She felt that Ye Junqing didn’t trust her much. It was even more upsetting when Brother Yu pointed it out. She had traveled a long way to get medicine for him and in the end, she was seen as such a disgraceful person in Ye Junqing’s eyes…
[An Ying: Good night, there is an update in the morning. Requesting monthly votes and recommendations, muah~]
###Chapter 522: Chapter 522: Waiting for Her to Soothe Him_1
Outside the house, torrential downpour prevailed. Ye Junqing stood beneath the eaves, the wind and rain striking his face. Yet, they weren’t as cold as the chill in his heart.
A few bodyguards who followed him were standing by his side, clad in raincoats. They barely dared to breathe, fearing a spark could trigger a disaster. They all hoped that Fu Zhuo would arrive soon.
Fu Zhuo was slowly escorted over by Elder Gu, who was holding an umbrella over his head. He had no idea what had transpired.
He saw the lights inside the house, and yet, Junqing was standing outside the door with his hands behind his back, enveloped by loneliness. One look was enough to break Fu Zhuo’s heart.
“Junqing, is this Miss Ye’s house? Why are you standing outside in the cold instead of going inside?”
Ye Junqing said nothing, his face was somber. He was so furious that he wanted to just leave, but his feet seemed rooted to the ground. He hoped that a certain annoying girl would come out and stop him from leaving.
In his heart, he even thought that if she came out to stop him, to comfort him, he might consider forgiving her this time. But alas, he had been standing outside for a whole five minutes without anyone coming out of the house!
Ye Junqing thought he was the biggest jerk in the world!
That damned woman had thrown him out of the house, yet he stood here still, fantasizing that she would come out and stop him from leaving.
Why would she bother with him now? Her mind was entirely filled with concern for Li Yu!
Elder Gu, unwilling to stand in the cold, nonchalantly knocked on the door a couple of times before pushing it open and going inside.
Ye Xingguang had just finished tending to Li Yu’s wounds when she saw Elder Gu shake off the rainwater and walk inside.
“Old Gu, what brings you here?”
Ye Xingguang, having often been ‘harassed’ by Elder Gu on WeChat, promptly addressed him as “Old Gu”. Gu himself didn’t mind, and in fact, quite fancied this title. He considered Ye Xingguang a friend despite their age difference.
When asked why he was there, Elder Gu couldn’t help but commend himself.
In short, he had managed to hitch a ride on this journey to find Ye Xingguang’s ex-husband.
“Oh dear, my old bones are freezing. Xingguang dear, do you have any hot water? I need to wash my face. This storm has left me feeling completely disheveled.”
Ye Xingguang pointed out her bathroom before Elder Gu quickly stepped in.
Soon, Fu Zhuo also came in, shaking off the rain and saying “What terrible weather! I’m soaked through. Do you have a hairdryer? I need to dry my clothes, or else I might catch a cold from this storm.”
Ye Xingguang saw that Fu Zhuo’s back was completely wet. No hairdryer could dry his clothes quickly. So she thought for a moment before saying,”Wait here. I will get one of my dad’s outfits for you.”
“Thank you, Goddess Ye.”
“You may call me Xingguang.”
It was fine when ‘Goddess Ye’ was used once or twice, but it became awkward after a while.
Ye Xingguang went to her father’s wardrobe, found a clean set of clothes, and gave them to Fu Zhuo.
Unable to withstand the assault of the wind and rain, the bodyguards followed Fu Zhuo inside, saying,”Miss Ye, we’ll stay inside to escape the rain. The weather outside is really bad.”
“Certainly, come inside. I will get you some towels to dry your faces.”
“Thank you, Miss Ye.”noveldrama
In no time, everyone had come into the house, everyone except for a tall, lonely man…
Ye Xingguang saw his towering figure standing alone outside. She wanted to invite him in, but remembered his presumptions about her, she felt upset and decided to ignore him. If he wanted to be out in the wind, he could stay there!
###Chapter 523: Chapter 523: Running a High Fever and Still Not Giving People Peace of Mind!_1
Seeing this, Li Yu yawned and went back to his room to sleep.
Ye Xingguang went to the kitchen and cut some ginger to make ginger tea for everyone. By the time she finished preparing the tea, Master Gu, Fu Zhuo, and the bodyguards had all freshened up.noveldrama
Master Gu yawned and said, “Xingguang, is there a room where this old man can get some sleep?”
“There are rooms, but no beds, only a tatami. If you, Master Gu, can make do with that, I’ll get you a blanket and a pillow. But I can’t arrange anything for the others…”
The bodyguards said, “It’s fine, as long as you can provide us with a living room to rest our feet and shelter from the wind and rain.”
Ye Xingguang nodded and went to get a blanket for Master Gu.
Fu Zhuo saw Qing Ye standing straight in the rain outside the door and went out to ask, “Qing Ye, why don’t you come in?”
“Someone doesn’t want me in. What’s the point of going in and making myself unwelcome?” The voice of Qing Ye was both cold and sarcastic.
Fu Zhuo: “….”
Fu Zhuo asked the bodyguards who came with him, “What happened?”
The bodyguards shook their heads.
Although they had come with Qing Ye, they did not enter the room when he did, but stayed outside waiting. After a while, Qing Ye slammed the door shut and came out.
Fu Zhuo tried to persuade Qing Ye, “Qing Ye, you’re feverish. Come inside and talk. You adore Miss Ye the most, don’t you? If there’s anything that upsets you, let’s sit inside and talk it out. You’re getting wet…”
However, Fu Zhuo realized that Qing Ye was not wet at all. His clothes were clean. It was the bodyguards’ hard work keeping the umbrella over him, not giving him a chance to get wet in the rain.
Qing Ye looked down and found himself dry. Suddenly, he took a step forward. Instantly, the storm fell upon him. His white shirt immediately soaked, clinging to his chest, outlining his muscular chest and abs. An unspeakable sexiness in the silent night…
Fu Zhuo was shocked, “Qing Ye, why are you deliberately walking into the rain? Now you’re getting wet, come in quickly!”
Qing Ye turned his head and glared fiercely at Fu Zhuo who didn’t know when to stop talking, “Shut up and get lost!”
Fu Zhuo couldn’t persuade Qing Ye, so he had to go in and find Ye Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang took a blanket from her parents’ bedroom. Fu Zhuo quickly grabbed it, “Xingguang, you and Qing Ye are at odds. Please, call Qing Ye in. He’s had a fever of over 39 degrees today. I don’t know what’s wrong with him that he’s not receiving IV in the hospital and insists on coming to find you. We came here braving the typhoon. Are you just going to let Qing Ye stand in the rain?”
He has a fever of over 39 degrees, and yet he still insists on braving a typhoon to come over here to catch a cheater?
Ye Xingguang was even more furious. Calling him a malignant tumor? Might as well just call him the King of Jealousy!
He’s still making trouble even though he’s sick!
“Achoo!”
A gust of cold wind blew in from outside, and Ye Xingguang sneezed. One can imagine how cold Qing Ye, who was standing outside, must be. His hair was blown into a mess by the typhoon, but it didn’t undermine his handsomeness. It was a rugged, wild charm!
Eventually, Ye Xingguang’s heart softened. She walked to the door and said, “The wind is so strong. If you don’t come in, I’m closing the door!”
Qing Ye turned with a dark face, his voice filled with male pride and arrogance, “You think I’m so pathetic, that I’d be kicked out and then come back through that door?”
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here. I’ll continue updating tomorrow at dawn. Kisses, ask for your monthly passes, recommendation tickets, and colored beans~]
###Chapter 524: Chapter 524: Uncle Qing, why are you still acting up? _1
“If you’re not coming in, then I’m closing the door.”
As she said this, she moved to close the door, the light inside almost extinguished. Ye Junqing clenched his fist and stepped into the rain, as if intending to leave this place, to go back to the airplane.
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat, she wanted to chase after him, but the cold rain hit her face, scaring her back under the eaves. She yelled at the man who had stepped into the rain, “Ye Junqing, come back!”
Ye Xingguang was desperate, she turned to Fu Zhuo, “Fu Zhuo, hurry and bring Ye Junqing back.”
“Oh, my god!”
Fu Zhuo saw Ye Junqing stride into the rain and immediately ran after him. When Ye Junqing reached the gate, Fu Zhuo grabbed him, imploring, “Junqing, what are you doing? If there is a step below you, step down. Why are you making things more difficult?”
And so, Ye Junqing was annoyed with anything Fu Zhuo did, even his attempts to reason with him. Who was making things difficult now?
Anger boiled within him with nowhere to go!
Was he just a dog, to be so addicted to her?
Cuckolded, kicked out, and yet when she called, he obediently entered, like a stray dog having no place to go, begging at her feet for mercy!
Standing outside in the cold wind, his heart was chilled thoroughly. All the past memories danced in his mind. Perhaps it was best for them to forget each other in the crowd. What about the past sunshine? It was just the beginning. They were doomed to be connected but not fated, why should they make things difficult for each other?
Ye Junqing pushed away Fu Zhuo, who had blocked his path, and walked away. He didn’t want to enter that door again. His head was burning, maybe only the cold rain could cool him down. As a man, he should be generous, not unlike once before, he wished them well.
Ye Xingguang put on rain boots and a raincoat, grabbed an umbrella, and chased after Ye Junqing on the wet, slippery cobblestone downhill path.
In the violent storm, she roared, “Where are you going in this heavy rain?”
Ye Junqing ignored her, his entire body wet in the wind and rain. He kept his face cold and continued to stride towards the airport.
Ye Xingguang tried to grab his arm, but Ye Junqing lifted his arm, avoiding her touch.
Ye Xingguang was infuriated and saddened. She kept chasing after him down the cobblestone hill. The heavy rain made the ground especially slippery, and she fell down hard. It was so painful that tears rolled down her cheeks. But the man just continued walking forward, without even turning back to glance at her.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang couldn’t hold back her feelings anymore. She sat down on the ground, burst into tears.
Fu Zhuo, who was chasing after Ye Junqing, turned and saw her fall, “Junqing, Ye Xingguang has fallen.”
Ye Junqing, who was striding forward, stopped. His frozen body turned sharply, and he saw Ye Xingguang sitting on the ground, crying loudly.
A sudden pang of anxiety pierced Ye Junqing’s heart, he turned and rushed over to her, kneeling down to help her, “Where are you hurt?”
“None of your business, you bastard,” Ye Xingguang pushed away Ye Junqing’ s hand, tears mingling with the rain on her face. She picked up the umbrella lying next to her, hobbling back the way she came.
Seeing her hobbling walk, a throbbing pain flashed through Ye Junqing’s temples. He chased after her, reaching out to grab her slender arm, and scoop her up in his arms. Ye Xingguang lifted her hand, forbidding him to touch her. She cried out, yelling, “Don’t touch me, weren’t you leaving? Go! Go!”
###Chapter 525: Chapter 525: Does it hurt like this, or not?_1
Upon hearing her crying, Ye Jun took it to mean that she had fallen and hurt herself and his heart ached terribly. He paid no attention to concerns of seeming persistent and without giving her any chance to reject him, he took the opportunity to sweep her off her feet and into his arms. Hailing Fu Zhuo, he demanded, “Hold the umbrella!”
Fu Zhuo immediately grabbed the umbrella out of Ye Xingguang’s hand and held it over the couple.
Ye Xingguang cried even more at this. Never had she seen such a unreasonable and dictatorial man! He didn’t trust her, had come from far away to catch her in the act, and now he was determined to leave. She couldn’t stop him, no matter how she tried. Her mishap had led to an aching bottom!
The physical pain was secondary; the real blow was feeling so wronged.
She, who never ventured out when it was raining, had run after him, yet he ignored her. Was he the worst!
The louder she cried, the more frantic Ye Jun felt. He began by walking quickly but in the end, holding her close, he broke into a sprint. Fu Zhuo, struggling to keep up, also had a hard time with the umbrella.
Ye Jun held her as he sprinted to her home. Once inside, he set her down on the living room sofa and kneeled single-legged in front of her. He took off her wet raincoat and asked anxiously, “Where did you fall? Does it hurt a lot? Which foot?”
Ye Xingguang wiped away the tears and rain from her face and turned to ignore him, too angry to even glance his way.
Ye Jun, assuming that she’d broken a bone or twisted her ankle, took her left leg into his hands and carefully moved it. “Does this hurt? Tell me where it hurts.”
Seeing her not respond to him but merely wiping her tears away silently, Ye Jun’s heart became more anxious. He grabbed her right leg and carefully moved that around as well. “Does this foot hurt? Where exactly did you injure yourself?”
Ye Xingguang pulled her leg back defiantly. “I don’t need your care!”
“If you don’t want me to care, who do you want to care for you? Let me tell you, you are my woman, not Li Yu’s. If I ask you where it hurts, you’d better damn well answer me!” His cold voice concealed endless affection but was full of dominance.
And still he suspected her!
Ye Xingguang suddenly rose to her feet, pushing away the man kneeling in front of her to check her injuries. She strode towards her parents’ room.
Ye Jun saw her walking agilely, without limping. His lifted heart slightly settled- it seemed she hadn’t twisted anything or broken any bones, otherwise she wouldn’t have been able to take such wide strides.
Ye Jun’s worried expression eased, but internal gloominess resurfaced. As he followed her, she unexpectedly pushed open the door to the room and tried to shut him out.
Ye Jun quickly stretched out his leg to stop the closing door. The door hit his calf, and he let out an exaggerated groan.noveldrama
Upon hearing his gasp of surprise, Ye Xingguang turned around and saw that the door she’d attempted to slam had pinned his leg. Realizing she’d slammed the door with a bit too much force, she hurriedly opened the door again.
Ye Jun leaned against the doorframe and withdrew his leg with a pained expression, “You heartless woman, my leg’s broken!”
Ye Xingguang quickly crouched down. “Let me see.”
Ye Jun took the opportunity to stride into the room, closed the door behind him, picked up the woman who was still crouching, and pressed her against the back of the door. His drenched body came into contact with her dry clothes.
He threw her into the bathtub, her body completely limp. However, while in her search for a first-aid kit earlier, she had already changed into dry clothes. Now, with his sturdy body pressing against her, her clean clothes were once again getting soaked.
The cold sensation made her feel very uncomfortable. “You lied to me, you bastard. Get off!”
###Chapter 526: Chapter 526 Who intentionally arouses your pity_1
“You also played me, your leg isn’t lame or broken. What are you crying so fiercly for, huh? Is it to intentionally invoke my pity? Congratulations, you’ve succeeded, or else I wouldn’t have set foot in your house!”
With his hands planted on either side of her, Ye Junqing allows her no chance of escape, speaking words upholding his pride and dignity.
“Who intentionally invokes your pity, don’t flatter yourself! I just hurt my butt in the fall!”
She retorts, tears involuntarily rolling down her cheek. While she tries to swallow her sobs, she fails to swallow back all her unshed tears.
Watching her in this state, Ye Junqing’s ice-cold hand touches her buttocks: “Where did you hurt? Here?”
He rubs her….
Pitifully, Ye Xingguang speaks out, “It’s there, on the left.”
Ye Junqing moves his palm to the left, he rubs her there: “Here?”
“Move up a little.”
“Here?”noveldrama
“Uh-huh.” It hurts like hell.
After Ye Junqing locates the affected area, he initially had no other intentions but as his cold palm gradually warms up due to the friction, something unexpected occurs. At first, Ye Xingguang had no inappropriate thoughts, but his consistent rubbing suddenly filled the air with ambiguity. Half a beat too slow, she pushes his hand away, a blush spreading across her wronged face as she mutters a single word, “Pervert!”
At such a time, he still sought to take advantage of her!
The usually innocent Ye Junqing: “!!!”
His eyes instantly darken, staring at her trembling eyelashes, He humphs, “Who’s the pervert? Not sure who, who’s complaining about her aching butt, it’s pretty clear that you’re trying to seduce me!”
Ye Xingguang’s mind reels, “Who’s seducing you, stop flattering yourself!”
Ye Junqing squints, lifting her face with his two fingers, his voice heavy, “You’re not trying to attract me, you’re trying to attract Li Yu, aren’t you? What’s so great about him? Is it because he’s richer than me, or more handsome? Those bleary eyes of his, it’s obvious he’s been up to no good at night, sucked dry, and you dare to lay a finger on such a man, careful you catch an illness!”
As Ye Junqing’s words get more and more outrageous, Ye Xingguang finds it harder and harder to listen, wishing badly to give him a slap.
“Shut up, why must you be so malicious?”
“Heh… not even one-tenth as malicious as you!” Ye Junqing humphs.
“How am I malicious?”
“Telling Li Yu to stay and telling me to scram, isn’t your mouth malicious?” Ye Junqing, who’s not someone to be messed with, his intimidating eyes appear as though they could pierce through her. As if unsatisfied with his description, he continues: “Right, it’s not your mouth that’s wicked, it’s your heart, you black-hearted woman! How could the state have assigned you to me?”
Ye Xingguang trembles with rage, pushing him, wanting to ask back how the state matched her with such a dog of a man!
But no matter how much she pushes, the man traps her within his arms, not providing her with a chance to leave.
The more she pushes him, the tighter he presses up against her, not leaving a single gap!
“Achoo——”
“Achoo——”
Ye Xingguang sneezes twice consecutively, chilled by his cold aura
Ye Junqing furrows his brows, taking a step back. He then proceeds to undress his soaking wet suit, starting to unbutton his shirt.
Upon gaining her freedom, Ye Xingguang immediately points towards the door saying, “You get out!”
Ye Junqing ignores her. After removing his suit and shirt, he starts unfastening his belt…
Ye Xingguang was just about to open the door but seeing him undress his trousers, she ultimately doesn’t open it. Turning around, she picks out a loose nightgown and tosses it to him.
###Chapter 527: Chapter 527: It’s Still for You! _1
Despite Ye Junqing’s aversion to women’s clothing, he entered the bathroom and rinsed his body under the shower. He then grabbed a clean towel from the rack to dry himself off before returning to the bedroom.
Noticing that he was wear nothing at all, Ye Xingguang blushed and said, “Put on my sleeping clothes.”
Ye Junqing ignored her.
With her eyes darting everywhere but him, Ye Xingguang asked, “You won’t put it on, really?”
“Yeah, I’m comfortable with myself and not paranoid, unlike some people,” he retorted coldly.
Grabbing a pillow, Ye Xingguang threw it at him, shrieking, “Get out!”
Catching the pillow, Ye Junqing stared at her with his deep, icy eyes, “Do you actually expect me to leave like this?”
“I gave you my pajamas, and you refused to wear them. How is that my problem?”
Having said this, Ye Xingguang yanked the door open, but Ye Junqing immediately grasped her hand, exclaiming, “I’m not leaving!”
“I’m not leaving!” he repeated.
“If you’re not leaving, then I am. Let me go!”
In an instant, Ye Junqing’s face darkened as if a storm was about to hit, “Where are you going?”
“To another room.”noveldrama
This response ignited Ye Junqing’s rage, “Are you going to sleep with Li Yu?”
Infuriated, tears welled up in Ye Xingguang’s eyes as she glared at him, “Watch your mouth. Who said I was sleeping with Li Yu? We’ve been innocent childhood friends and nothing else. Stop imagining things with your filthy mind!”
“Imagining things? Had I not rushed here tonight, you would have spent the whole night in his arms. Ye Xingguang, don’t take me for a fool. If you dare sleep with him again, I will have him minced!”
“I didn’t spend the night in his arms! You bastard, it’s a wonder why lightning hasn’t struck you dead!”
Furious and exasperated, Ye Xingguang, pointing at her clothes ruined by him, retorted, “I was merely going to get you a clean shirt from my dad’s room. It was only because Li Yu had nowhere to sleep that I let him use the guest room. Can your mind stop being so dirty?”
“Guest room? He’s in the guest room?”
“What else?”
Unconvinced, Ye Junqing recalled that it was her room he had previously seen; he asked, “So, where is your room?”
Rolling her eyes, Ye Xingguang answered, “Isn’t it this one?”
Ye Junqing said nothing, his deep gaze scanning the room, the vanity, her pink sheets, and the wardrobe.
Approaching the wardrobe, he discovered it was filled with her clothes. Was this really her room and Li Yu was sleeping in the guest room? It contradicted his previous assumptions.
But it didn’t matter. What was important was that she hadn’t betrayed him to share a bed with Li Yu as he had feared!
Some of the gloom clouding Ye Junqing’s mind began to dissipate, he fixed his dark gaze on her and asked, “Did you truthfully not sleep with Li Yu tonight?”
Enraged by his question, Ye Xingguang pointed at the door, “Get out, right now! If you distrust me so much, I don’t want to see you!”
Unmoved, Ye Junqing casually sat on the edge of the bed. His melancholy didn’t entirely vanish “I don’t trust you. The moment Li Yu left, you followed him. Did you think Li Yu is your husband, that you had to chase after him?”
Now even angrier, a fiery light flashed in Ye Xingguang’s eyes, “Who was chasing him? I returned home, traveling a long distance, all for you!”
###Chapter 528: Chapter 528 Who will warm your bed if I leave?_1
As she continued talking, her voice choked up with a feeling of injustice and sadness welling up in her heart. Biting her lip, she shot him a glance filled with anger. She was really exhausted, barely able to keep her eyes open. She had no energy to bicker with this despicable man!
She regretted not just letting him burn with the fever. If he had died from it, she could’ve found someone else like Lin Hanfeng, who seemed decent enough.
Ye Junqing, stunned, caught her in action, forcefully pulled her back into his embrace. “What did you say? For me? What for me?”
Ye Xingguang refused to respond. She tried to push him away, then kick him when that didn’t work. Ye Junqing held her tightly, “Explain yourself clearly!”
Her heart brimming with misery, Ye Xingguang glared at him defiantly. “Weren’t you the one with a high fever? Weren’t you the one bitten by a giant wolf? The transfusion for wolf bite poison can’t reduce your fever. I know an old remedy, but it needed a herb that isn’t sold here in the capital. My home just happens to have it. So, I was rushing home to get the medicine. I didn’t think of all the vile thoughts you’re assuming! Let me go, don’t hold me. I don’t want your embrace, I don’t ever want to be in your arms…”
By the end of her tirade, she couldn’t continue. Her voice stifled with sorrow, lodged in her throat.
Ye Junqing seemed unable to believe it. After mulling over it for a while, he asked uncertainly, “So, you went home to get the medicine for me, not because you were chasing after Li Yu?”
“Chasing after Brother Li Yu? Why would I do that? I had no idea he also left the capital. I only found out about his sudden departure when we met at the T City pier. If you don’t believe me, so be it! Anyways, I don’t care about a rotten man who doesn’t trust me!”
The words ‘I don’t care about’ sent a panic through Ye Junqing’s heart.
After finishing her rant, she sneezed again, “Ah-choo—”
In the next moment, Ye Junqing immediately stripped off her damp sleepwear.
Ye Xingguang mistook his intentions. “What are you doing? Don’t dare touch me, or I’ll kick you all the way to Siberia!”
How dare he try to take advantage of her after he’d misunderstood her so?
“Several professors, it really is my grandfather; it seems he has already…”
Just then, the middle-aged man who had knelt down to inspect stood up, his expression sorrowful.
“This is Kamakura Guizhi.”
After being reminded of the urgent matter at hand, President Cass casually introduced him to Fu Qian and then continued to ask.
“Did you inspect it? Are there any other abnormal wounds?”
“No.”
Kamakura Guizhi glanced at Fu Qian and slowly shook his head.
“It looks like Mr. Yun is indeed unrelated to your grandfather’s death.”
The tone of President Cass did not vary.
“And your uncontrolled conditions seem to be more severe than the information previously provided.”
“My grandfather was always the one with the strongest reactions. Starting the day before yesterday, he chose to come down here alone in search of a solution—who would have thought it would come to this so soon…”
As he spoke, Kamakura Guizhi unconsciously surveyed his own body.
The exposed parts of his skin showed bright red marks that looked as if they were about to drip blood, a horrifying sight to behold.
And beneath his feet, the body had already been turned over to face upwards.
From this angle, one could see that it was indeed an elderly man.
On the old man’s face, more exaggerated red marks had all split open; the whole head was cracked and flayed, as if lightly tugged, it might turn into a skeleton.
Facing such a scene, President Cass thought for a moment, then with a flick of his heavy cloak, extended a hand with an eerie appearance.
There were only four fingers, the joints abnormally large, and the size far exceeded that of an average person; at the same time, the skin seemed to be covered with tooth-like scales.
Almost instantly, something seeped out from these scales.
At first glance, it appeared like black mist; gathering together, it turned into leaping flames, which then silently exploded, swooshing through the air.
Standing opposite President Cass, Fu Qian was nearly hit head-on.
Without a hint of heat, an abnormal sensation immediately appeared.
It was as if, where the flames passed, the surface of the body skipped the process of ignition and turned directly into ash.
“There are no signs of struggle; your grandfather’s death is indeed due to his own conditions,” President Cass declared confidently, after snapping his fingers and making the black flames instantly dissipate.
“Take the body back, let those above have a look.”
“Okay.”
Before the judgment of the president of Heaven’s Commencement Institute, Kamakura Guizhi did not dare to show the slightest doubt and promptly obeyed with great respect.
“Mr. Yun, I believe you haven’t done anything, but right now, the Kamakura Family is facing some trouble.”
President Cass turned to Fu Qian again and pointed at Kamakura Guizhi.
“As a family known as cursed swordsmen, it seems their Sword Dao has gone out of control.”
“No doubt you are an expert in this area. Are you interested in having a look and providing some advice?”
Sharp eyesight, after all, I’m someone who once comprehended hundreds and thousands of Sword Intents!
Recalling his past experiences of enlightenment at the Sword Pavilion, Fu Qian nodded amiably.
“Okay.”
The action of President Cass was not beyond his expectations.
Although no longer pursuing the reason for his presence here, there was no doubt that letting him leave now was out of the question.
Fortunately, I had no intention of leaving anyway.
[Current task has been updated, find out the cause of the divine seal’s lack of control]
Because at almost the same time, the task prompt finally appeared.
The divine seal, was undoubtedly something belonging to the Kamakura Family, a ferocious blessing bestowed upon the Tomb Guardians according to legend.
And judging from the content of the task, his own goal was clearly aligned with that of President Cass and his team.
Even such an expert team had proactively invited him to join.
…
Upon exiting the blood-scented chamber, the group ascended along a corridor paved with gigantic rocks.
As he had imagined, this was unmistakably an underground construction with the overall layout of a tomb, cold and grim, void of any sense of the sacred.
Furthermore, its most defining feature was its enormity; the chamber they had just left was but a small corner of the whole.
As they moved along, the grandeur of the architecture was evident despite the traces of destruction, and one could easily envision its former glory.
Given the shattered statue they had seen earlier, it seemed as if deliberate destruction had occurred here, although it was unclear who the unnamed deity had offended.
Kamakura Guizhi clearly knew the route well and, despite carrying a corpse, still led the way.
Before long, the team—which included two demigods—stood before two massive doors.
Sunlight was already seeping through the cracks of the opened doors.
Holding his grandfather’s body, Kamakura Guizhi carefully sidestepped through them.
And almost immediately, uncontrollable wails of mourning came from outside.
Clearly, people had been waiting outside the doors for the trio’s exploration results.
And as he emerged last from the team, gazes converged onto Fu Qian almost instantly, even the sobbing paused momentarily.
Who was he?
Suspicious and uncertain expressions spread across numerous faces.
Only four people had descended, and now three were returning alive, along with one dead and one unfamiliar face, inevitably arousing many suspicions.
After placing his grandfather’s body down, Kamakura Guizhi quickly approached a man whose face was also covered in bloodstains and whispered to him.
“Mr. Yun? He didn’t die?”
And the man, who exuded authority as the head of the Kamakura Family, had a reaction nearly identical to his.
“Not only did he not die, but he has also been promoted to demigod; just now downstairs, President Cass has confirmed that he was not involved in grandfather’s death and even invited him to join the investigation,” Guizhi explained quickly, knowing the power of key messaging.
Not only had he not died, but he had also been promoted to demigod—this news was astonishing indeed.
What exactly was his reason for being down there?
The Kamakura clan leader was clearly full of questions but managed to suppress the urge to interrogate immediately, maintaining composure after taking a deep breath.
“Thank you both for your hard work.”noveldrama
First, he expressed his gratitude to President Cass and Jian Jingzheng; the next moment, he turned his gaze to Fu Qian.
“Mr. Yun, I am Kamakura Si, and on behalf of the entire Kamakura Family, I thank you for your forthcoming assistance.”
Ye Junqing flipped her around and held her more tightly against his chest. “I won’t go. If I leave, who will keep you warm at night? If you hadn’t been so close to Li Yuyuan, I wouldn’t have had wild thoughts.”
“So you’re blaming your delusions on me?” Ye Xingguang couldn’t believe he still wasn’t taking responsibility.
Ye Junqing remained silent. In his heart, he blamed it all on that scoundrel Li Yu. Perhaps, Li Yu intentionally set a trap tonight, just waiting for him to fall into it!
###Chapter 529: Chapter 529: You are my Fever Reducer_1
The most annoying thing was that he had let himself get fooled so easily, and being wise after the event was utterly useless!
Perhaps Li Yu had planned all this, ever since he sent the gigantic wolf to attack him. He knew he’d get poisoned by the wolf and she’d have to come back for the medication, then conveniently disappeared to wait for her at T-City harbor, purposely leading him on the wrong track!
And now, he was just using sleep as an excuse to stay at her place, betting that he would rush over, like setting a trap to wait for the rabbit. He was setting up a huge trap, just waiting to beat him up!
The more Ye Junqing thought about it, the more he was convinced that this was the case, what a cunning wench!
Now, he was at a loss for words, and probably left a bad impression on Little Fish Tail. Although Ye Junqing was feeling so upset, he couldn’t bear to let go of the woman struggling in his arms. He could only pretend to be wronged and say, “Don’t move, my head hurts, it’s unbearably hot.”
Ye Xingguang still wanted to struggle, but when she heard that his head was aching from fever, she couldn’t help but feel sorry for him again.
Ye Xingguang silently scolded herself for being such a soft touch, always feeling sorry for this dog of a man. It was her soft-heartedness that got her bullied by him time and again. He never admitted his mistakes, even now when he had wrongly accused her, he still didn’t say sorry to her!
Ye Xingguang reached out and pinched him hard: “Let go, I’ll go and prepare some medicine for you.”
“You are my fever reducer.”
Ye Junqing wouldn’t let go, buried his big head deep into her neck, greedily sucking in her scent. The cold rain hitting against the window only made him want to hold her closer, never willing to let go.
In the living room, Fu Zhuo, because he had gone out to chase after Ye Junqing, got his newly changed clothes soaked again. He suddenly felt a chill run down his spine, and after a thought, he shamelessly knocked on the door, “Little Starlight, do you have any clean clothes? Could you lend me another set?”
He pricked up his ears but didn’t hear a response from inside the room, so he knocked again, “Sweetheart, could you just lend me a set? You can even sell it to me. I can’t make it through the night in these soaking wet clothes.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang found an excuse: “Did you hear that? Let me go. Brother Fu wants clean clothes. I’ll find one for him. We don’t want you still running a fever, and then Fu Zhuo starts running one too.”
Ye Junqing was fuming, wishing he could throw Fu Zhuo into the desert. How could he have such an insensitive brother.
“Wait a moment, I’ll bring it to you immediately.”
In the end, Ye Xingguang managed to struggle free from Ye Junqing’s arms. She was still angry, who wants to share a bed with him?
She picked up the sleeping clothes that Ye Junqing had rejected and went out to give them to Fu Zhuo. After that, instead of going back to bed, she rubbed her sleepy eyes and stayed in the kitchen to make Ye Junqing’s fever-reducing medicine.
Thankfully, she had all kinds of medicine at home. She could find all the ingredients she needed for the wolf antidote from her dad’s medicine cabinet.
Fu Zhuo stood by her side, recognizing a few of the herbs, but he didn’t know their effects, so he searched for them on his phone.
Wow, deer tendon, a precious Chinese medicine famous for nourishing the kidney and strengthening the bones and muscles!
Wow, deer velvet, it nourishes yin and yang, replenishes the blood and stops bleeding, it’s used for yin deficiency, yang deficiency, and blood deficiency!
Wow, deer penis, it nourishes the kidney, strengthens the yang, benefits the essence, and fortifies the lower back and knees!
Wow, sea horse, it strengthens the body, nourishes the kidney and the yang, relaxes the muscles and tendons, and is calming!
There are several other herbs that Fu Zhuo doesn’t recognize, but just these few that he does, they are all…um…adults only!
“Little Starlight, are you sure you’re preparing a traditional fever-reducing recipe for Grandpa Qing, and not trying to add fuel to the fire? Grandpa Qing’s been running a high fever all day without getting better, and now he’s all wet from the rain. Are you sure he can handle this if you cook him these now? Even if you want to nourish his kidney, you don’t have to rush, can’t you restrain yourself a little?”
###Chapter 530: Chapter 530: The Werewolf Warrior Seems to Recognize You_1
“Shut up, you lackey of a dog man!” Ye Xingguang was in a bad mood, and she didn’t have the patience for Fu Zhuo either.
Fu Zhuo: “…”
Ye Xingguang was alone in the kitchen, brewing medicine. The more she thought about it, the more unbearable she found Ye Junqing. Had it not been for him being “Qin Junye”, she would not want anything more to do with him in the future. He dare even distrust her! Even now when the misunderstanding was cleared, he hadn’t apologized to her!
Was this kind of man really suited for spending a lifetime together? She suddenly had doubts, for her stomach was still full of grievances, none of which had abated.
She didn’t know for how long she had been brewing the medicine. Suddenly, the mobile phone in her pajama pocket rang.
She took out the phone and glanced at the incoming call. It was from Yen’an.
As soon as the call was connected, Yen’an asked on the other end, “Little Nine, are you upset?”
“No.”
“Not yet? I can feel it, everyone in the kingdom can feel it. Who do you think you’re fooling? Was it your man who upset you? I can tell, you feel so wronged you might want to break up.” Yen’an’s seductive voice rang out.
Ye Xingguang vigorously pulled at her hair: “Who wants to break up? It’s unethical to pry into other people’s private affairs! I feel like chopping down a tree!”
Yen’an’s innocent voice sounded: “How is it my fault? I did not voluntarily pry into your privacy. By the way, I heard some of the elders discussing if you are Muya Jiushu. Be careful, I sense they are growing suspicious of your identity.”
Ye Xingguang’s heart sank: “What’s this about?”
“I don’t know, Bai Xiao overheard it. Did you and your man get attacked by werewolf warriors last night?” Yen’an’s voice was a little hesitant.
Ye Xingguang’s face darkened rapidly: “How did you come to know about this?”
Yen’an was even more embarrassed: “I’m sorry, Little Nine. Honestly, it’s not my fault. You insisted on cutting off my money flow and signing a 40-60 contract with Ye Corporation. A 40% stake for me, 60% for your man. The third elder thinks I’ve been swindled and he doesn’t hide his temperament well. He gets murderous at the slightest thing, so he sent a werewolf warrior to kill your man. Allegedly, the werewolf warrior sent to kill your man seemed to recognize you. What on earth were you doing? They are not certain, just suspicious.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!”
She knew something was up. Why else would Ye Junqing run into a giant werewolf ambush?
These werewolf warriors were clearly knights in the kingdom who had nothing to do with Ye Junqing’s case. So, it turned out to be about the eye mask business!
Yen’an continued: “I can’t tell the third elder that it’s because of you that I signed that 40-60 contract. All I could do was tell him that I had been tricked by a swindler, thereby intensifying the image of Ye Junqing as a swindler. Little Nine, you won’t blame me, right? I heard your man didn’t suffer much. The werewolf warriors probably recognized you and retreated fearing they might hurt you. You should be alright, right?”
Ye Xingguang looked at the ceramic pot bubbling and steaming on the stove, grinding her teeth: “My man was poisoned by the werewolf, now he has a high fever and is delirious. I’m currently brewing a potion to cure the werewolf poison. Do you think there’s a problem?”
She really wanted to return to the kingdom and kill the third elder to avenge her man!
However, those werewolf warriors recognized her so quickly, what exactly had she been doing while she was drunk?noveldrama
Xiao Yun told her that she was just chasing the poison tumor for meat. Being recognized by the werewolf warriors even when begging for meat, could it be that she was so dishonorable in front of everyone?
###Chapter 531: Chapter 531: Don’t think about hugging me if you don’t take the medicine!_1
Ye Xingguang was becoming more and more upset: “Enough of this, keep a close eye on every move in the kingdom for me. Inform me right away if anything happens; don’t wait until after. What’s the use of telling me then?”
After ending the phone call, Ye Xingguang continued to brew the medicine.
After the medicine was ready, she brought it to the room. The large malignant tumor has caused him to flush all over his face. He had spirit when he was scolding her before, but now he was lying on the bed half dead. Ye Xingguang sat by the bed and called him to wake up and take the medicine. Ye Junqing opened his eyelids slightly, not wanting to move.
“Come on, drink the medicine, you’ll feel better after a sleep.”
Ye Junqing opened his mouth, expecting her to feed him the medicine.
Ye Xingguang sat at the edge of the bed, still angry about his distrust. She waved her hand and said, “I don’t want to pamper you! Brewing the medicine for you was my limit, considering how soft-hearted I am. If you don’t drink it, then don’t. After all, you’re the one who’s suffering, not me.”
Having said that, Ye Xingguang yawned, lifted the quilt, and climbed onto the bed to sleep. She was now so tired that she could fall asleep as soon as she closed her eyes.
As soon as she got into bed, the man’s arm immediately stretched over, trying to hold her.
Ye Xingguang swiftly extended her hand to harshly push his arm away: “Don’t even think about hugging me if you’re not taking the medicine!”
No sooner had she finished speaking than the man, who was reluctant to take his medicine, half sat up and picked up the bowl of medicine from the bedside table. He swallowed it all at once, then quickly stretched out his arm to hold Ye Xingguang in his arms.
The strong taste of the medicine made his mouth bitter. His big palm held the back of her head, going straight for her mouth to seek something sweet.
“Um, don’t…”
Before she could finish her sentence, Ye Junqing tasted the scent in her mouth, which seemed to neutralize the bitter taste of the medicine.
Fu Zhuo stood outside the door, worried. Miss Ye carried such a large bowl of tonic medicine into the room for Master Qing to drink, and Master Qing was still feverish. Could Master Qing really endure it?
What Fu Zhuo didn’t know was that although many of the ingredients in the medicine were for kidney health, the medicine would take a dramatic turn after Ye Xingguang added the ingredient she had specifically gone home to fetch. After drinking the medicine, the man who wanted some sweetness from the woman’s mouth would feel sleepy halfway through, and eventually fall asleep directly on Ye Xingguang.
Once the man was asleep, his weight was all on her. He was really heavy.
Ye Xingguang shoved off the heavyweight on her body, not forgetting to ruthlessly pinch him a few times. Then she turned over, with her back against the man, and fell into a deep sleep. She didn’t wake up until after ten in the morning the next day.
By that time, Old Master Gu has long been awake.
After the stormy night, the sky was clear again. Old Master Gu was practicing Tai Chi in the courtyard of Ye Xingguang’s house. As he was practicing, he suddenly saw a figure emerging from the house next door. It was a person he had been longing for and searching for many years!
Old Master Gu almost didn’t dare to believe his eyes, “Yuci?”
That elegant woman in the purple-black cheongsam, although her youth had passed, was still graceful. Wasn’t it his Yuci?
Exactly like winning the lottery, Old Master Gu’s voice full of life and surprise, “Yuci? Is it really you?”
Madam Shen looked in the direction of the voice, and saw an old man in a white Zhongshan suit in the next courtyard looking excitedly at her. That face, even if turned into a ghost, Madam Shen could never have mistaken. Wasn’t it Gu Xijin, whom she had always desperately avoided?noveldrama
“Yuci, I finally found you.”
Old Master Gu immediately left Ye Xingguang’s house and walked into the courtyard of the villa next door. Because of the simplicity of the local customs, there would basically be no theft problems, so they all had the habit of leaving their front doors unlocked. Old Master Gu opened the courtyard door with a push.
Seeing Gu Xijin walk into her courtyard, Madam Shen turned around, walked back into the villa, and locked the door of the house.
###Chapter 532: Chapter 532: Did You Forgive Him This Easily? _1
The old master Gu stood in front of the villa, knocking on the door, “Yuci, Yuci, open the door, it’s Xi Jin, don’t you recognize me?”
Alas, no matter how much he called out, no one acknowledged him.
Refusing to give up, the old master Gu moved to the window. Upon seeing Shen Yuci sitting on the living room couch, he banged on the glass window shouting, “Yuci, I was in the wrong those years ago, I’ve reflected deeply for so many years, please open the door, I… all these years… I’ve missed you so much.”
Upon hearing this, Madam Shen immediately rushed to the window. She whooshed the curtain closed and shouted at him. The typically composed Madam Shen lost all semblance of decorum at the sight of old master Gu, instantly resorting to name-calling.
“Old bastard, get out of my home! If you don’t leave, I’ll have you thrown out.”
“Yuci, I won’t leave. If you want to hit, then hit. If you want to scold, then scold. Scolding is also a way of expressing love. Scold me as much as you want if you’re upset, but I swear, I’ve never done anything to hurt you. Please open the door, I’ll explain everything slowly.”
Unfortunately, regardless of how much the old master Gu shouted, even to the point of losing his voice, no one would open the door for him.
However, old master Gu was not discouraged. After searching for so many years, he had finally found his ex-wife. He wanted nothing more than to thank the heavens, grateful for the past two months of keeping an eye on little Xingguang. He was even more indebted to Ye for providing the opportunity and he would finally get to speak to his treasured Yuci.
Ye Junqing slept soundly until dawn and woke to find his fever had abated. Embracing the warm fragrance, he felt utterly content.
However, when Ye Xingguang woke up, he didn’t feel content at all. He pushed Ye Junqing away and went to wash up.
After freshening up, he opened his bedroom door to the aroma of food.
Looking up, he saw Li Yu with a bruised face cooking porridge in the kitchen.
Seeing Li Yu’s face, a sense of guilt welled up in Ye Xingguang’s heart, “Brother Yu, your face… you should go to the clinic today. The swelling seems to be getting worse.”
Seeing Ye Junqing emerging from Ye Xingguang’s room, a glint of cold anger flickered in Li Yu’s eyes. He served a bowl of porridge, bypassed Ye Xingguang, and went straight to the dining table to sit down. He found an unopened bag of pickles in the refrigerator and began to eat his porridge.
Ye Xingguang also served himself a bowl and sat opposite Li Yu. He accepted the pickles handed over by Li Yu and added some to his porridge. As he ate, he said, “I’m really sorry.”noveldrama
Li Yu took a couple of sips of his porridge and said, “So this is a case of making up after quarreling in bed. Did you forgive him so easily because you don’t trust him? My dearest sister, indulging a man without boundaries will make him even more presumptuous. Today, let your brother predict this: ‘A leopard can’t change its spots.’ If you let him off easily this time, in the future, he will only become more arrogant and outrageous. Ah, my foolish sister…”
Li Yu didn’t bother to lower his voice for his comments. Unless Ye Junqing was deaf, there was no way he couldn’t hear him.
Upon hearing Li Yu’s words, a cold light immediately poured out from Ye Junqing’s eyes, “Li Yu, stop trying to cause a rift between us!”
“Am I doing that? I’m just speaking the truth. Lord Qing, how much do you plan to compensate me for my medical expenses and emotional distress? Last night I didn’t argue with you because of my sister. But I don’t know you that well. Regarding the matter of you beating me up, do you plan to settle it privately or publicly?”
###Chapter 533: Chapter 533 – The Person Ambushing You in the Tunnel, That’s Me _1
Ye Junqing pulled Ye Xingguang to sit next to him, his face expressionless and silent. Li Yu’s pig-headed face was not helping him calm down. He regretted not beating Li Yu to death last night, but of course, he wouldn’t say such a thing in front of Xiaoyu Wei.
Li Yu is definitely trying to provoke him, but he won’t fall for it.
But just because he won’t fall for it, it doesn’t mean that Fu Zhuo won’t. Fu Zhuo had long heard from Ye Junqing that the person who ambushed him in the tunnel was Li Yu. Hearing Li Yu’s words now, he strides over and retorts, “Mr. Li, dozens of huge wolves were sent by you to ambush and kill my master. We have yet to settle this score with you. Now you have the audacity to ask whether we should settle this in public or in private!”
“Fu Zhuo, shut up!” Ye Junqing gave him a look, signaling Fu Zhuo to stand down.
Li Yu laughed, dropping his porcelain spoon with a “ding” into the bowl. “I sent dozens of huge wolves to kill Master Ye? You’d better explain this clearly, and present the evidence, otherwise…..”
Ye Xingguang, upon hearing this, was displeased, “Fu Zhuo, don’t talk nonsense. This is not what Yu did, don’t frame him.”
“Xingguang, don’t be deceived. Master told me himself that your childhood friend sees him as a love rival, and the person who sent wolves to kill Master two nights ago, was him!” Fu Zhuo said vehemently.
Li Yu asked, “Is there any evidence?”
“Don’t assume that we have no idea what you’ve done just because there’s no evidence!” Fu Zhuo responded.
“Ha… So there’s no evidence! Listen up, is this the man you want to spend your life with? He assaulted me out of the blue in the middle of the night, and now, after beating me up, he’s trying to frame me for his assault. Ye Junqing, I didn’t know you were such a lowlife!” Li Yu said in a lazy tone.
Ye Xingguang turned her gaze to Ye Junqing. Was this man’s delusions acting up again?
Ye Junqing was frustrated. He turned to Fu Zhuo and said, “Stand down!”
Fu Zhuo found it hard to swallow.
Ye Junqing repeated in a deeper tone: “Stand down!”
He didn’t want to engage in this topic because if he did, he would definitely be the one to suffer a disadvantage!
Even when he presented solid evidence in front of Xiaoyu Wei before, she didn’t believe him. Now, if he confronts Li Yu without any evidence, she would be even less likely to believe him, and might even secretly scorn him for his jealousy!noveldrama
After Fu Zhuo left, Ye Junqing forced down his urge to beat Li Yu to death, and said, “Fu Zhuo must have misheard. I never said anything like that. Would thirty thousand be enough to cover your medical bills and emotional distress? If not, then a hundred thousand. What do you say, Dr. Li?”
Li Yu watched Ye Junqing, who did not flare up, for a while and then laughed, “How about a ten percent discount for my sister’s sake? Ninety thousand, and we call it even. Use Guangyao Bank, my phone number is all you need to transfer the money.”
Having said that, Li Yu continued to eat his porridge without discussing the matter any further because there was nothing left to talk about.
Ye Junqing managed to maintain his composure, which was beyond Li Yu’s expectation.
After breakfast, when they had a moment of privacy, Li Yu brushed past Ye Junqing, and left him with a single phrase:
“That’s right, I am the one who ambushed you in the tunnel. Ye Junqing, this time you were lucky. Next time, you may not be so fortunate. You should be more careful when you go out.”
###Chapter 534: Chapter 534: You Lose When You Lose Your Temper!_1noveldrama
Ye Junqing’s eyes darkened in an instant, suppressing the impulse to grasp Li Yu’s collar. Keep calm, this scheming woman wants to provoke me. This is Xiao Yuyu’s home. If I argue with him now, I’ll be the one who loses!
Xiao Yuyu’s heart leans towards him, not me!
Realizing this, a cold smirk crossed Ye Junqing’s arrogant face as he retorted, “Watch yourself. Not every time will Ye Xingguang be there to save you. I’ll buy a permanent prison cell for you in the eighteenth hell. I’ll eventually make you move in there. No need to thank me.”
“What are you two doing?” Ye Xingguang emerged from the bathroom just in time to see the two of them standing face to face, engaged in a tense conversation full of underlying currents.
“Nothing, little sister. I’m going home.” Li Yu raised his hand and left, feeling that Ye Junqing, despite being a man, had an extraordinary ability to tolerate.
Ye Junqing’s mind was full of self-derisive comments: This is a trap. This is a trap. If you fall into this trap, you’re playing right into the schemer’s hands. You shouldn’t confront him now, especially not in front of Xiao Yuyu. Xiao Yuyu’s heart doesn’t incline towards you, and if you lose your temper, you lose!
Thinking about it, Ye Junqing felt sorrowful. How could his initial sunshine compete with a childhood friend?
His heart was swimming in a sea of jealousy, full of sadness and rage. He couldn’t show his feelings, and he felt gloomy. However, when Ye Xingguang walked over, he still managed to maintain his composure, “Nothing, I was just apologizing to Li Yudao for the misunderstandings last night. I wronged him.”
Those words were literally squeezed out from between his clenched teeth!
Ye Xingguang smacked her lips, “You should apologize anyway. Can you be less impulsive in the future and clear up things beforehand? Yu and I are just childhood friends, nothing more.”
Right now, Ye Junqing just wanted to leave. He didn’t want to hear her praising ‘Yu’. “Pack up and let’s return to the capital. Your dad is still in special care, my bodyguards are all down with high fever. Your medicine is needed.”
Ye Xingguang asked another question, “How did you find out where I live? Did my mom tell you?”
“Yes! I asked your mother-in-law.”
Actually, he didn’t need to ask her mom to know where she lived, even her bedroom was well-known to him!
Ye Xingguang felt even more uncomfortable. She asked her mom to tell Ye Junqing that she would be back for the medicine, but this man turned up in the middle of the night as if trying to catch her in a deceit. She’s annoyed by his fussiness and doesn’t want to deal with him anymore.
“I’m going to say goodbye to Granny Shen next door, then I’ll return to the capital with you. But I’m not doing it for you. You’re so distrustful of me, I don’t want to deal with you now. I’m going back for my dad, and also for Xiao Yun and others…
So, in her heart, he ranks lower than her father, and even Xiao Yun?
Ye Xingguang went to visit Granny Shen next door. Hearing old man Shen singing a love song by the window and seeing the closed door, she understood and said, “Old Shen, your love songs are outdated. Who’d be interested in songs from decades ago?”
Old man Shen replied passionately, “What do you know, young girl? This is the song I proposed to your teacher with. I composed it myself. Your teacher was so moved back then that she flung herself into my arms and agreed to marry me.”
###Chapter 535: Chapter 535: Wasn’t it Said to Be a Deserted Island Fishing Village?_1
Separated by a window, Mrs. Shen, who was standing in front of the window pulling the curtain, heard Mr. Gu’s shameless words and immediately drew the curtain aside. She shouted at Mr. Gu, “You shameless old man, I still have some dignity! Who the hell threw themselves into your arms? Ye Xingguang, don’t listen to this shameless old man’s nonsense. Get out, get out, get out and stay away!”
“Yu Ci, I won’t go. From now on, this is my home, and I will move here to grow old with you.”noveldrama
In order to win back his ex-wife, Mr. Gu could care less about his dignity.
Mrs. Shen was so angry she was left speechless. After a while, she grabbed the feather duster on the table and dashed out.
“Are you leaving or not? Are you leaving or not?”
Mr. Gu didn’t even dodge. He was still shouting, “Beating is a form of affection, scolding is love. Yu Ci, I knew you still have old feelings for me…”
Ye Junqing was standing in the neighboring courtyard, watching this scene. His eyes were deep. The old guard had indeed more life experiences than him!
Ye Xingguang, afraid that Mrs. Shen would strain her back, held Mrs. Shen’s arm and said, “Mrs. Shen, Mrs. Shen, I’m leaving. I came to say goodbye to you. Please calm down.”
Mrs. Shen was still angry: “Ye Xingguang, did you tell this bastard I was here?”
“Absolutely not, he came here with my boyfriend.”
Mrs. Shen glanced around and saw Ye Junqing standing in the neighboring courtyard, nodding politely at her. However, because Ye Junqing had brought Mr. Gu to her, Mrs. Shen was quite unpleasant towards Ye Junqing.
“Oh, your boyfriend is here. Is it that young man who doesn’t cherish you at all, who still looks down on you at his mother’s house and doesn’t want to propose?” With that sentence, Mrs. Shen had rejected Ye Junqing from head to toe.
Ye Junqing, who was hit by a stray bullet: “…………”
Mrs. Shen held Ye Xingguang’s hand: “I think you should not rush to marry. Your grandma knows many good young men, let your parents choose for you again. Find someone who truly cherishes you and is appreciated by their parents. This state distribution is really unreliable, you know? Don’t be like your grandma when she was young, being sweet-talked by a man and ended up with in-laws who didn’t like her and a husband who didn’t love her. Now that I’m old, I’m still being harassed by such a man…”
“Yes, Granny. I’ll remember.”
Ye Junqing: “!!!!!!!!!”
After bidding farewell to Mrs. Shen, Mrs. Shen said, “Tell that young man to take this old man away…”
Just as she said this, Mr. Gu seized the opportunity and went straight into Mrs. Shen’s villa.
Seeing this, Mrs. Shen stopped talking to Ye Xingguang and chased after him, “Who let you in here? Who allowed you to come in?”
The moment Mr. Gu entered the room, he saw a photo of him and Mrs. Shen on the living room wall. He was touched instantly. He reached out and grabbed Mrs. Shen’s hand who charged at him, “Yu Ci, I knew it, you are a harsh-mouthed yet kind-hearted person. If you didn’t have me in your heart, why would our old photo be hanging on the wall? Yu Ci, I won’t leave. I’ll stay here with you to make my atonements. Hear me out…”
Ye Xingguang stood outside the door for a while and decided it was better not to go in. After leaving Mrs. Shen’s house, she went back to pick up her luggage and walked out with Ye Junqing.
Last night when they arrived, it was a storm, so Fu Zhuo didn’t pay much attention to the surroundings of the island. It was only when he left today he found out that all the way were villas that looked like works of art. Do all the fishermen on this island have such good taste? Wasn’t this a solitary fishing village? Why did he feel like it’s a carefully developed holiday resort?
[An Ying: Updates will stop here for today, and will continue to update after midnight tomorrow. I’m in need of bookmarks, recommendations, and all sorts of support, thanks a lot!]
###Chapter 536: Chapter 536: Turns Out She Took the Blame for Her Mother_1
Imperial capital.
After the plane landed in Imperial Capital’s International Airport, Ye Junqing did not accompany Ye Xingguang to the hospital but rushed straight to the Ye residence.
Even the neighbors of Little Mermaid knew that her family did not value her. If her in-laws did not visit the hospital to see her parents, his wife might really be abducted by someone else!noveldrama
With Ye Baixiu not home, Ye Junqing argued with his mother for nearly an hour. Finally, Bai Peiluan agreed, persuaded by her son, to pay a hospital visit to her sister while her husband is away.
She had occupied the identity of her real sister and now enjoyed the luxurious life of a wealthy woman. Yet now due to her brother-in-law’s surgery, she had pretended not to know, never visiting; it was truly inhumane.
Now, she could only pray that her sister didn’t expose her counterfeit identity, perhaps there might be a chance for things to turn around…
Meanwhile, Ye Xingguang returned to the hospital villa and prepared a fever-reducing remedy in the kitchen for Xiao Yun and others.
Since they couldn’t enter the special ward, Bai Lanwu was getting bored in the villa. Upon hearing Ye Xingguang chatting about how Madame Shen was pestered by Sir Gu, she innocently laughed, “Mom, you must tell Grandma Shen that I did not disclose her address to Elderly Sir Gu.”
Bai Lanwu laughed and responded, “No worries, I was the one who told Sir Gu.”
“What?” It seemed she had been carrying the blame for her mother.
Bai Lanwu explained, “Sir Gu came to the hospital several times to visit your father, pleading with me to tell him who your piano teacher is. Coincidentally, Xiao Ye was going to the island to look for you, so I told Sir Gu. He took this opportune ride and should be able to fulfill his wish.”
“So that’s why elderly Sir Gu was serenading in front of Grandma Shen’s house.”
Bai Lanwu laughed again, “I wonder if your Grandma Shen will let Sir Gu stay?”
“It’s doubtful. By the way, what did elderly Sir Gu do wrong to Grandma Shen before, causing them to divorce?”
For such a personal matter, Bai Lanwu didn’t know. But being a neighbor and seeing Madame Shen living alone at her old age, now that Elderly Sir Gu was willing to make efforts to look for her, Bai Lanwu believed matchmaking wouldn’t be a bad thing.
Upon thinking of elderly Sir Gu’s shameless attitude, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but smile. At this very moment, Sir Gu was still pestering Madame Shen in her house. Even if Madame Shen didn’t invite him for lunch, Sir Gu would rather starve than leave.
Originally, there was Ling Han’s new album release today, which Sir Gu was supposed to attend. But now that he couldn’t go back to the Imperial Capital, he took out his mobile phone and sat in Madame Shen’s living room watching the live streaming.
As Madame Shen heard familiar melodies, she couldn’t help but glance at Sir Gu.
Sensing an opportunity, Sir Gu immediately brought his phone before Madame Shen, saying, “Yu Ci, today is my apprentice’s new album release. Listen. All these songs were composed by your protégé, Ye Xingguang. Today is the perfect collaboration between your protégé and mine. Do you want to watch the live broadcast of the release with me?”
Madame Shen didn’t want to pay attention to Sir Gu initially, but the melodies she heard were indeed ones that Ye Xingguang had played before. Some of them were even under her guidance, and now these songs were being performed. Madame Shen was willing to listen.
Taking advantage of this, Sir Gu watched the entire live stream of the album release with Madame Shen. He still felt unfulfilled, so he played the music video of each song from Ling Han’s new album one by one to spend more time with Madame Shen…
###Chapter 537: Chapter 537: Sorry, I Dominated All of Yours_1
Elsewhere, Ye Xingguang had finished brewing a fever-reducing medicine, poured it into a large thermos, and delivered it to the infusion hall. Just then, Bai Peiluan happened to visit.
Bai Peiluan came alone; Ye Junqing received a call halfway from his company that required his immediate attention, so he left for the office.
With her son not accompanying her, Bai Peiluan gained what she had desired;
Knowing that Xingguang was not there and that there was only Bai Lanwu in the villa, Bai Peiluan felt even more relieved.
Arriving with bags of supplements, Bai Peiluan felt guilty and nervous. As though she was a convict about to receive her sentence, on seeing Bai Lanwu, Bai Peiluan almost kneeled down. “Sis, I’m sorry. I’ve not had the courage to come to confess until now while you’ve been in the capital for such a long time.”
Bai Lanwu, seeing Bai Peiluan in this state, was taken aback. She quickly helped Bai Peiluan up before she could truly kneel down. Her voice was gentle: “What are you doing? Don’t act like this.”
“Sis, I’m sorry. I took everything that should’ve been yours. I felt like a thief and didn’t have the courage to face you. Yet, by not visiting you, I felt even more despicable. I took everything that was yours and, in the end, didn’t even have the courage to see you…”
Bai Lanwu probably guessed already why her daughter-in-law had been reluctant to visit.
“Peiluan, let’s sit down. Your words leave me at a loss of what to do.”
But Bai Peiluan felt guilty like the wicked stepsister in fairy tales: “Sis, originally the name Peiluan should’ve been yours.”
Bai Lanwu, possessing refined elegance: “Now it belongs to you and isn’t that good? Let’s sit down and talk.”
“You don’t blame me? If it weren’t for me, you would be the Family Head’s wife, the mother of two talented sons, mother of the future President… Everything should’ve been yours. I usurped everything that was rightly yours. I should’ve been the one living in the isolated fishing village.”
Bai Lanwu replied: “Why would you think like this? You’re being unreasonable. If you continue to act this way, I really might get mad.”
After saying that, Bai Lanwu helped Bai Peiluan to the living room sofa to sit down and then brewed two cups of grapefruit lemon tea. She gave a cup to Bai Peiluan, held her own cup, and peacefully sipped the tea.
Bai Lanwu looked at Bai Peiluan holding a glass cup, her face full of guilt and remorse, and smiled gently: “Don’t be like this. I ran away from marriage myself, it has nothing to do with you. Besides, I never regretted running away from my marriage. Those glories and riches you speak about mean nothing to me. I’ve experienced them since childhood and do not desire them. Besides, I haven’t lived a tragic life these years. You should relax.”
“But Xingguang told me that your husband was sick for ten years. You lived in an isolated fishing village, and even your child… ” Bai Peiluan didn’t know how to continue.
Mentioning the child definitely pricked Bai Lanwu’s heart. Her only regret in life was her prematurely deceased child.
Fortunately, heaven gave her another child as a consolation for the pain of losing her daughter.
“I’m sorry, sis. I didn’t mean to bring up your painful past.”
Bai Peiluan, being a mother herself, understood what it felt like to lose a child.
Bai Lanwu’s eyebrows furrowed: “No, it’s okay, it’s all in the past. Xingguang is a good boy.”
Bai Lanwu drank a few sips of the tea, then went to fetch some fruits.noveldrama
“I heard from Junqing that your husband underwent kidney transplant surgery. Was it successful?” Bai Peiluan attempted to steer the conversation towards a different topic.
###Chapter 538: Chapter 538: Don’t like this, it’s really not your fault_1
Bai Lanwu nodded.
Bai Peiluan spoke again: “I’ve wanted to visit you for a while now, but I’ve been too scared… I’m afraid of my identity being exposed, afraid of losing Bai Xiu, I really am a despicable person. Even now, talking to you about this, there’s still a hidden agenda…
Bai Lanwu smiled: “You don’t have to feel this way. I heard that you and Bai Xiu have been happily married since your wedding. I guess this is like those drama series where the bride accidentally marries the right man. We still have a chance to be family, it must be fate.”
Hearing Bai Lanwu’s words, Bai Peiluan felt even more ashamed. She was afraid of her true identity being revealed and didn’t dare to visit them until now. Now, listening to her sister’s words, it was clear that her sister never harbored any suspicions, this made her feel even more of a hypocrite.
“Sis, I truly feel so ashamed.”
Bai Lanwu held Bai Peiluan’s hand: “Don’t feel that way, it’s really not your fault. In fact, I want to thank you. If you hadn’t agreed to marry into the Ye family in my stead, I might not have had the chance to marry Chuan Qi.”
Elsewhere, Ye Xingguang, carrying the fever remedy, walked into the infusion hall. As expected, Xiao Yun and the others were still receiving their IV infusions, all of them looking dizzy due to the high fever. They were clearly not as energetic as they were when they first saw her yesterday.
“Come on, hurry up and drink this medicine. It’s a traditional remedy from my hometown to reduce fever. Ye Junqing drank it and his fever has already gone down. I can guarantee it’ll cure the ailment, suitable for both young and old.”
Xiao Yun had already gotten the news from Fu Zhuo. Junqing’s fever had subsided after drinking Miss Ye’s tonic. It was said to contain deer ears, deer penises, and seahorses… all of them are kidney tonics!
Xiao Yun didn’t care if he’d start to nosebleed from the overdose of tonics after drinking it. Ye Xingguang poured him a bowl, and he gulped it down.
Seeing Xiao Yun drink it so eagerly, the other bodyguards also each had a bowl and drank it cheerfully.
After all the bodyguards finished drinking, Ye Xingguang was preparing to leave when Xiao Yun spoke: “Miss Ye, there are still some people who haven’t had it.”
“Who else?”
Xiao Yun pointed at a few unfamiliar faces lying in the infusion hall. Ye Xingguang was attracted by one short-haired woman, her strong and assertive aura was too compelling.
Xiao Yun said: “That’s Huo Liuli. The others are her subordinates. The night before last, Huo Liuli had brought them to rescue you, so they were also bitten by the giant wolf and now have a persistent high fever.”
Ah? This… Ye Xingguang was oblivious about this.
Ye Xingguang walked over to Huo Liuli: “Hello, I’m Ye Xingguang. You guys can have some of the medication too. Thankfully, I prepared a lot.”
Ye Xingguang had directly poured the medicine into a thermos that she brought over, it was all filled with medication.
Huo Liuli looked at her new boss, “Hello, I’m Huo Liuli. Chen has told me everything. From now on, the mercenaries under my command belong to you. Although everything has happened so suddenly and I didn’t have time to prepare, it was Chen’s decision and I don’t have the power to resist.”
Huo Liuli’s voice clearly suggested that she was reluctantly accepting the new reality.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang didn’t mind: “It’s okay, I can more or less understand the feelings you might have about changing ownership so suddenly. Perhaps you feel that I’m not worthy of having you, it’s fine. Time will prove everything. Someday, you will realize that being able to belong to me is not my honor, but yours.”
Such arrogant words!
Huo Liuli didn’t expect her to say that. Considering her ability to beat up the giant wolf, Huo Liuli, with her thick-lined eyebrows, laughed: “Well then, let’s let time prove everything. I hope that one day, you can truly earn my wholehearted respect. But Miss Ye, do you know the giant wolf that attacked us the night before last?”
###Chapter 539: Chapter 539: Male Pet_1
“I don’t know him.”
Huo Liuli and Xiao Yun, both quick-witted individuals, were almost sure on the spot that Ye Xingguang was lying. However, since she denied it, Huo Liuli didn’t probe further. But she vowed to investigate the origins of the pack of enormous wolves that had dared to harm her.
After Huo Liuli and the others finished their medication, Ye Xingguang took her leave.
She didn’t return to her villa but headed to the KOCO TV station to complete her resignation procedure now that she had some free time.
She had already decided to join the President’s Public Relations team. As the saying goes, people aspire to climb higher and water flows to lower ground.
Once her resignation paperwork was sorted, her colleagues at the department asked her to treat them to a meal. In the evening, Ye Xingguang gathered with her colleagues for a farewell dinner, then went to a KTV to sing before finally parting ways around 10 pm.
Just as she was about to call a car, one screeched to a halt in front of her.
Several tall and burly men got out of the car, opened the door, and respectfully invited her to get in.
Ye Xingguang became alert: “Who are you?”noveldrama
“Your Majesty, please get in the car!”
The moment the man spoke, Ye Xingguang felt a buzz in her head and unwittingly retorted, “What queen? What are you talking about? I don’t understand. Are you trying to kidnap innocent women in broad daylight using such deep tricks?”
Then, a young man crawled out of the car and respectfully said, “Your Majesty, don’t act ignorant. In this world, there are hardly a few people who could beat us werewolves into submission. The crazy woman who beat my subordinate the night before last is almost exactly the same crazy woman who beat me ten years ago. There’s absolutely no way I could mistake you for someone else. You are that crazy woman!”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!!!”
How does he speak? Can he speak properly? He’s the crazy one! His whole family is crazy!
Wait, wait. Ye Xingguang’s face suddenly darkened. “Did you guys assault my man two nights ago?”
The young man immediately bowed in apology: “Your Majesty, it was a complete misunderstanding. If we had known that Lord Ye Junqing is your consort, we would’ve never laid a finger on him. If we had known you hadn’t… consummated your relationship with him yet, we would’ve knocked him out and delivered him straight to you!”
Ye Xingguang: Consort?
The young man continued: “Your Majesty, your consort was the one who tricked Yen’an first. That’s why the third elder sent us to teach him a lesson. Have you… consummated your relationship with him yet? If you haven’t, we can knock him unconscious and deliver him to you right away!”
Ye Xingguang held her forehead. “Stop! You’ve really got the wrong person. Goodbye!”
Ye Xingguang turned to leave, but the werewolves immediately blocked her path, not letting her go.
Ye Xingguang flexed her wrist: “So, you want a fight? Bring it on.”
But before she could make a move, a frivolous voice echoed from the distance: “Where did these blind fools come from? They dare to harass my woman, Han Chengbei. What are they trying to do? Are they tired of living?”
Han Chengbei happened to be partying at the KTV that night. When he finished and stepped out, he saw Ye Xingguang surrounded by several men. He quickly stepped in, rescuing the damsel in distress just in time.
Han Chengbei stepped forward, pulling Ye Xingguang behind him. “Don’t worry, I’m here!”
Before Ye Xingguang could speak, the young man’s gaze fell on Han Chengbei, scrutinizing him up and down. “Your Majesty, is this another one of your consorts? Have you… consummated your relationship with him?”
[An Ying: It’s a new week! I am hoping to climb the leaderboard, please vote for me, please vote for me, please vote for me]
###Chapter 540: Chapter 540: Quit Drinking! Must quit Drinking in Future! _1
The tone suggested that if she hadn’t yet caught Han Chengbei, they would immediately knock him out and deliver him to her mouth.
Ye Xingguang could barely stand to listen, when did her image plummet so drastically, becoming so pathetic?
She must give up drinking! Absolutely no more drinking!
“Your Majesty?” An eager-to-be-a-hero Han Chengbei was puzzled. What was going on?
The next moment, Han Chengbei conveniently interpreted, “So you’ve changed your catchphrase, no longer calling me ‘humanity’s hope’, but ‘Queen’? Cool! So from now on, are you my ancestor, or my queen?”
Ye Xingguang held her forehead, not intending to correct Han Chengbei’s misunderstanding. She changed the subject: “What are you doing here?”
“I have a gathering tonight. What about these guys? Are they also your clients?”
Ye Xingguang nodded ambiguously, “I’m not in danger, you can leave first.”
How could Han Chengbei feel at ease seeing several big men surrounding Ye Xingguang? He held his car keys and said, “My car is up ahead, can I give you a lift home?”
Ye Xingguang naturally couldn’t hope for more, but the few werewolf warriors in front of her weren’t easy to handle either. These people insisted that she was their ‘Queen’, and it appeared that no matter how much she denied it, she couldn’t deny it forever. Well, face the problem as it comes.
Ye Xingguang put on a stern face, purposely saying, “It’s best not to bother me tonight, or else I will get really mad!”
The young man pondered for a moment, then backed down, saying, “Then we won’t bother Your Majesty tonight and will find you tomorrow. We hope the queen will have a perfect night.”
After finishing, he didn’t forget to give Han Chengbei a menacing glare, warning him, “Take good care of the Queen tonight!”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!!!!!!!”
Han Chengbei: “?”
Ye Xingguang could not stand to listen anymore and quickly dragged Han Chengbei away, “Where’s your car? Let’s go.”
Seeing Ye Xingguang leave like this, the werewolf warriors besides the young man couldn’t help but mutter, “Boss, are we really letting the queen leave like this? She is going to marry the vampire heir, right?”
The young man said, “For someone like Queen who loves meat, how could she possibly be willing to return with us if she doesn’t get enough fun? Perhaps only when she’s tried all kinds of male pets can she turn back to her old days, even if offered gold.”
Ye Xingguang’s hearing was good, she could hear the young man’s words even from afar. Walking smoothly along, she suddenly stumbled, fortunately, Han Chengbei quickly steadied her.
Han Chengbei glanced back at those who were still watching them, “My God, what kind of people are they?”
“Dummies! A bunch of dummies! Don’t ever take their words seriously. Where’s your car?”
“The most flashy one.”noveldrama
Han Chengbei pointed to the flashiest car in the parking lot, pressed the car key, “ding”, the car lights up. Under the street lights, it emitted a gem-blue glow, it really was the flashiest car.
After getting in the car, she reported the address of the hospital.
Han Chengbei had no idea that her father was in hospital: “Hospital, are you sick?”
“No, my dad just had surgery, I’m staying at the hospital with my parents.”
Han Chengbei immediately exaggerated, “Such a big thing, your dad’s surgery, and you didn’t even tell me?”
Ye Xingguang wished she could kick Han Chengbei out of the car, “It’s my dad, not yours!”
That wasn’t the point, the point was that he was not aware of it and didn’t even bring any gifts to the hospital.
###Chapter 541: Chapter 541: Let the Big Cancer Kneel to Durian_1
Of course, with the day being so late, it wasn’t appropriate to visit the hospital. Han Chengbei said, “I’ll visit my/our dad tomorrow. I’ll find out what he can eat and buy it for him tomorrow to take to the hospital.”
“Would you mind watching your mouth, or I will stop talking to you!” Ye Xingguang spoke very seriously.
Han Chengbei said, “Your words hurt me.”
Ye Xingguang was annoyed. She hadn’t even done anything wrong and yet she was being accused as if caught in the act of cheating. If the jealous one heard Han Chengbei casually calling her father ‘our dad’, who knows what level of a fuss he might make with her?
Ye Xingguang ran her fingers through her hair and said, “If a man doesn’t even have a basic trust in a girl, he fantasizes about her cheating on him as soon as he sees her with another man. He usually seems mature and charming, but then he loses all his composure, can’t even control his base emotions, and is always getting angry. Can we keep such a man…?”
While driving, Han Chengbei whistled and asked, “For example?”
“Like the moment he sees a girl with another man, he starts to fantasize about her cheating on him. An otherwise mature and charming person immediately loses his composure, can’t control basic emotions, and is always getting angry. Can such a man be kept…?”
Han Chengbei immediately became interested: “The bastard Ye Junqing suspects you’re cheating on him?”
“You’re the bastard! Watch your language, or our friendship is over.” Ye Xingguang was quite protective of her husband.
Han Chengbei sighed: “So do you want to hear my analysis or not?”
Of course she did!
After all, Han Chengbei was a man, and they say men understand men best.noveldrama
Of course, Han Chengbei wanted to seize the chance to stomp hard on Ye Junqing, but when he saw Ye Xingguang’s sincere expression, seeking instruction with humility, he could only suppress his resentment and offer his support as a friend once again.
“Idiot! Haven’t you heard that people who don’t get angry have no expectations or interest in others? They believe that spending their precious time and energy on others is a waste of life.”
“So what?”
“So, the fact that a mature man loses his composure because of you proves your importance to him. If you can influence someone’s emotions, it shows that you carry expectations in his heart. Rejoice in secret, there aren’t many people in the world who can make that bastard Ye Junqing lose his composure.”
Han Chengbei’s words almost made Ye Xingguang burst into laughter.
But then, “He misunderstood me, and he hasn’t even apologized.”
“Don’t forgive him!” Han Chengbei decisively uttered these four words. If he didn’t kick Ye Junqing when he was down at this moment, he wouldn’t be Han Chengbei!
“Didn’t you just tell me to rejoice in secret?”
Han Chengbei said, “One thing at a time. If he does something wrong, he has to apologize. He has to kneel on glass and durian! A man who doesn’t even apologize to you after misunderstanding you, are you going to bring him home to meet your parents?”
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes.
Noticing a fruit shop up ahead, Han Chengbei fanned the flames, enjoying the chaos: “Wait, I’ll get you a durian right now. Take it back to him and make him kneel on it. Take a picture and post it on your socials, I’ll give you a like.”
“You go ahead and get it then.” She happened to fancy a durian.
Han Chengbei bought her a large durian, filling the car with its distinctive smell. Luckily, they both loved durian, finding its pungent odor delicious, and drooled all the way to the hospital.
When they arrived at the affiliated hospital of the university, Ye Xingguang got out of the car. Before she left, Han Chengbei reminded her, “Don’t forget to post on socials!”
Ye Xingguang smiling, waved goodbye, and went back to the villa with the durian, thinking maybe she would make him to kneel on the durian, otherwise she would look too easy-going!
###Chapter 542: Chapter 542: Always revered as the Iron Lady of Country A_1
She hadn’t expected to get home before Ye Junqing. This left Ye Xingguang feeling sullen. She placed the durian on the table, salivating at the sight of it.
Resisting the urge, she took a bath, washed her hair, put a face mask on, but still, Ye Junqing was yet to return. As she lay in bed tossing and turning, her thoughts kept returning to the durian in the living room. Eventually, her resistance crumbled under the allure of good food.
She got up, walked to the living room, and within seconds, she had sliced open the durian. She took a few chunks and carried them to her room to enjoy.
Han Chengbei sent a message: [Well, has the durian served its purpose?]
Ye Xingguang replied: [Everything has its uses.] It’s incredibly tasty.
Han Chengbei couldn’t believe it: [Did Ye Junqing actually surrender?]
Out of pride, Ye Xingguang said: [Of course, he had to when I demanded!]
Han Chengbei thought to himself: Bloody hell, is this true love? Suddenly, he found himself having a mouthful of lovelorn sentiment, one he didn’t want at all!
Feeling frustrated, Han Chengbei stopped replying, pushed open the car door and got out.
At the airport, he had driven a fancy car onto the tarmac. Just as he stepped out of the car, he saw Ye Junqing waving at a woman who had just disembarked from a plane, then started walking towards her.
What the hell! Was he deceived?
Han Chengbei quickly started a video call with WeChat. As soon as she picked up, Han Chengbei rolled his eyes at Ye Xingguang, saying: “Did you try to trick me? Ye Junqing didn’t kneel at all!”
Before answering the call, Ye Xingguang had already tucked the remains of her durian out of sight. She wiped her mouth, erasing all evidence of her indulgence, and firmly declared, “He did kneel, is kneeling right now.”
Han Chengbei quickly switched the camera, focusing it on Ye Junqing in the distance, who was sharing a warm embrace with a woman. “Is this your definition of Ye Junqing kneeling? That contemptuous man is at the airport, embracing another woman!”
The unexpected image directly came into Ye Xingguang’s view. Without Han Junze having to say anything, she recognized the man and woman in each other’s arms from the screen.
Even with just a glimpse of his back, she could recognize him – her resident malignant tumor!
“Who’s that woman?” Ye Xingguang’s voice was tinged with bitterness.
Han Chengbei said, “I don’t know. I couldn’t see her face. Wait, I will go over and see.”noveldrama
In the distance, Ye Junqing was separating from the woman after their hug. He then opened the nearby car door for her.
Han Chengbei only managed to catch a glimpse of the woman’s side profile before she ducked into the car. Ye Junqing quickly shut the door and walked around to the other side, to get in himself.
The luxurious and imposing Rolls Royce convoy quickly started up and sped away.
Recalling the woman’s side profile, Han Chengbei mused after a long while: “I think it might have been Iron Lady Yan Xi. She and Ye Junqing have been classmates and desk-mates from elementary school to high school. Other than Yan Xi, I can’t think of any other woman Ye Junqing would pick up personally and greet with such a warm hug.”
“Yan Xi, who is that? Iron Lady, you mean the president’s sister?”
Ye Xingguang knew this woman, she wasn’t ordinary. Just today, there had been news that Country A was about to welcome its first female defense minister, ushering in an era of women-led military forces.
It is said that Ye Junqing’s elder brother was inviting Yan Xi to be the new Minister of Defense.
Yan Xi came from a political family, she had served as the Minister of the Armed Forces and Minister of International Development. Known for her firm approach, she has always been hailed as the ‘Iron Lady’ of Country A…
###Chapter 543: Chapter 543: If there’s nothing to hide, why lie to her? _1
This iron lady was the first remarkable woman to use her military achievements to resist the state-arranged marriage. Because she paved the way, many girls who did not want to marry too early were willing to join the army.
Also, thanks to her fight, the female military personnel in Country A now have freedom in marriage, unlike ordinary girls who are forced to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to randomly draw for a spouse once they graduate from university or reach the marriageable age without attending college.
It is said that Yan Xi has not yet married…
“Yes, she is Yanbei’s sister, but not a full sister. Yan Xi is the daughter of Yanbei’s father from his second marriage. From her side profile just now, it’s almost certainly her. But don’t worry, they’re just childhood friends, you’re not being cuckolded.”
After Han Chengbei finished, he ended the video call.
Ye Xingguang pouted. She originally did not think much of it and recognized their hug as one of a ceremonious reunion after a long separation.
Ye Xingguang put her mobile aside, ate another piece of durian, brushed her teeth after eating, turned off the light to sleep. It seemed that the annoying person would be reminiscing with his childhood friend tonight and wouldn’t be coming to her place anymore.
Ye Xingguang took out her phone and sent Ye Junqing a WeChat message: [Are you coming to the hospital to sleep tonight? If not, I will lock the door.]
Ye Junqing replied her ten minutes later: [Something came up. I will be there later, leave the door open for me.]
Ye Xingguang: [Oh, what’s the matter? Where are you now?]noveldrama
This time he replied immediately: [In the office, there’s an emergency meeting. I will go home once it’s over.]
Upon seeing the WeChat message from Ye Junqing, Ye Xingguang’s mood became abnormal in an instant. He should be on his way back to the city from the airport after picking up his female friend. But he told her that he was at the office attending a meeting, suddenly made her feel restless.
If this man didn’t have a guilty conscience, why would he lie to her?
Ye Junqing returned to the hospital villa an hour and a half later. Seeing Xiao Yuyu already sleeping in bed, he slowed down, bathed in hot water, and then crawled into the quilt. However, just as he got in, a leg kicked him.
Ye Junqing, who was totally unprepared, was immediately kicked off the bed by Ye Xingguang.
With a “thump”.
Ye Junqing, who fell onto the floor: “……”.
Ye Junqing, who got up from the ground, staring at Ye Xingguang who had turned her back to him, snorted: “What are you doing? Are you still angry with me? Didn’t we clear up the misunderstanding last night?”
“So you apologized to me? You misunderstood me but never said sorry. Ye Junqing, do you think just because I have a good temper you can lose your temper with me, be harsh, yell, bully me? After losing your temper, you found out that you misunderstood me then plan to turn over a new leaf without even saying sorry?”
Can “sorry” be eaten as a meal?
Ye Junqing really didn’t want to say it. He did misunderstand her. But the fact that she was once married to Li Yu is like a thorn in his heart, he can never remove it. He broils with rage just thinking of Li Yu.
He longs to get rid of Li Yu, but because of her, he’s refraining himself from acting. He even gave Li Yu 90,000 today!
It’s annoying!
Ye Junqing climbed back onto the bed and hugged her tightly. When Ye Xingguang refused, he forcibly held her hands, not giving her a chance to struggle, then said in a low voice: “Stay away from Li Yuyuan in the future. He’s not a good person. Stay away from him, so I won’t misunderstand.”
So, it’s still her fault?
###Chapter 544: Chapter 544: Yes, I am a Male Chauvinist_1
Could he chat with his old friends and lie to her about having meetings at work, while she would be evil incarnate if she catches up with her old friends?
Ye Xingguang felt wronged. She had never seen someone so overbearing. Yet, she was no match for his strength, unable to break free from his restraint. She bared her tiny fangs in rage and bit down hard on his shoulder.
Ye Junqing grunted. What was she, a dog?
Ye Xingguang, unsatisfied with just one bite, retorted, “What about you? All the men around me are bad people, but all the women around you are saints? How can you be so chauvinistic!”
Unexpectedly, Ye Junqing admitted frankly, “Indeed, I am chauvinistic. Therefore, stay away from other men, especially Li Yu. I don’t like you being close with them, not at all.”
Ye Junqing emphasized this twice.
But he himself is still with other women…
Ye Xingguang nearly blurted out these words, but she swallowed them back. What if there was nothing going on between him and Iron Lady? If she started interrogating him now, wouldn’t she be as petty as him?
She refused to be the irrational and willful person he was!
Feeling choked up, Ye Xingguang turned her back towards him, deciding not to engage with him anymore.
Seeing that she stopped talking, Ye Junqing turned off the light, laid down, and then responded to a couple of WeChat messages on his phone in his pocket before placing the phone on the bedside table. He then proceeded to hold her from behind.
Ye Xingguang squirmed, but he insisted on holding her. In terms of strength, she would always be at a disadvantage compared to him. If he became firm, she had no way to break free from his embrace.
By now, Ye Junqing had gotten used to holding her while he slept every night. Without doing so, he found it hard to sleep.
Perhaps due to the busyness of the day, Ye Junqing soon fell asleep. However, Ye Xingguang couldn’t sleep, as the more she thought about it, the more aggrieved she felt.
Noticing his phone vibrating again, probably a WeChat message, she couldn’t control her hand and reached out to grab his phone. She unlocked his phone right in front of his face and sneakily checked his WeChat messages to see who was messaging him in the middle of the night.
Yan Xi: [I really shouldn’t have been modest earlier. I should’ve let you have late-night snacks with me. I’m so hungry now. Let’s have dinner together tomorrow. The restaurant you mentioned, let’s meet there tomorrow night.]
This was the last message, and there were many previous chat records between the two.noveldrama
Although there was no flirting, she counted them one by one. Ye Junqing had sent more than two hundred WeChat messages to the Iron Lady from afternoon to evening. The big tumor had never been willing to spend half a day bombarding her with WeChat messages. Usually, he would send a few and then go to work.
At this moment, the man moved a little. She immediately put the phone back in its original place, not understanding why she felt guilty.
What’s wrong with checking his WeChat?
That night, Ye Xingguang tossed and turned, unable to sleep.
The next morning, while the man was still asleep, she irritably got up. Since she couldn’t sleep, she decided not to sleep anymore and went to the door of the special ward to see her father through the glass window.
Her father had awakened. The nurse was taking his temperature, but while the nurse could go in, she couldn’t. She could only wave at her father through the glass window.
Seeing his daughter outside the ward, Song Chuanqi also waved at her, and then pointed to his phone.
So Ye Xingguang took out her phone and called her father. When the call was connected, Song Chuanqi asked her, “Why are you up so early?”
###Chapter 545: Chapter 545: Accidentally Spotted the Big Tumor_1
“I miss Dad. I can’t even go in to keep you company.” In truth, she hadn’t slept all night.
She just couldn’t sleep, for some reason.
“Dad, how are you feeling?”
Song Chuanqi had been confined to his bed for several days. What could he feel lying on a sickbed? But he just smiled, “I’m fine. I could go back to the villa in a couple of days. By then, I’d love to eat the porridge fed by my daughter.”
“Sure Dad, I will feed you whatever you want to eat.”
Updated by ?○vG○.c○ 
Separated by a glass window, Ye Xingguang chattered on the phone for nearly half an hour like a joyful squirrel. She was concerned about exhausting her father, so she finally ended the call. Alone, she sat on a bench outside the special ward, unsure of what news to read.
Despite being suspended from work, she still maintained her habit of watching the news and keeping up with current affairs every morning.noveldrama
In the morning, Han Chengbei brought some health supplements to visit her father. He specifically asked her about the final status of the major scandal. Ye Xingguang found it annoying and ignored Han Chengbei.
Han Chengbei was relatively busy today. He took some time out to visit her father and left after less than fifteen minutes.
Because today, the Presidential Office released a piece of news. The vice president was taken away by the investigation bureau because the police had collected enough evidence, proving that the gas station explosion was related to the vice president. The political bigwig Pan Tenglong had fallen from grace.
Unlike the disgraced Pan Tenglong, good news came from Lawson Perry’s end. It was now clear that the gas station explosion had nothing to do with him. His image in the hearts of the people soared once again. Moreover, he had been elected as the vice president for the next term.
Han Chengbei was in a hurry to congratulate Lawson Perry.
Ye Xingguang lacked any interest in this. In the afternoon, she heard from her mother that her mother-in-law had visited her father at the hospital yesterday. This was the only topic of the day that lightened her mood, so she chatted with her mother for a while longer.
Bai Lanwu said, “Make a call for Ye, invite him to dinner tonight. I bought a fish head at the market today. The last time Ye said he wanted to try my pickled pepper fish head, I’ve got the time today, so let him taste my cooking.”
Updated by N○vG○.c○ 
Thinking about the stern woman’s dinner appointment with the major scandal, Ye Xingguang said, “He might be busy tonight and won’t be able to make it.”
“How would you know if you don’t even call to ask? Just ask first.”
“Even if I ask, he’ll definitely be busy.”
Ye Xingguang took out her phone and texted Ye, silently hoping that he would refuse the dinner invitation: [Mom’s asking you to come over for pickled pepper fish head tonight.]
Very quickly, Ye responded: [I have to work late tonight, no time.]
Ye Xingguang showed the text message to her mother, “See, I told you he wouldn’t be free tonight. Mom, you don’t have to go through all the trouble. We’re not taking care of Dad anyways, why don’t we go out for dinner tonight? Change up the flavor a bit?”
“That sounds good. Once your dad is out of the special ward, we probably won’t have the time to go out to eat. Let’s go out tonight.”
In the early evening, mother and daughter went out to dinner together. The restaurant was chosen by Bai Lanwu. From the outside, it didn’t look like much. But once they entered and meandered through the winding corridors, they found it to be rather elegant.
After being guided to their seats by the waiter, Ye Xingguang got up to use the bathroom. To her surprise, she saw the scandalous figure dining with a woman at another elegant booth, the two of them looking quite pleased with each other.
Her nose twitched uncomfortably at the sight, and she suddenly lost all interest in going to the restroom. Turning around, she approached Bai Lanwu who was in the midst of ordering and said, “Mom, let’s eat at a different restaurant, alright?”
###Chapter 546: Chapter 546 – No Appetite At All_1
Bai Lanwu looked up and noticed something was off about her. She was forcing the muscles on her face to maintain a calm exterior.
Bai Lanwu asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, I just don’t like ordering from the menu. I want to eat hotpot, shall we go for hotpot?”
Ye Xingguang was looking for an excuse, she couldn’t stay here any longer, otherwise she would lose control of her temper and confront the tumor. Hadn’t he said he was working late tonight?
That would just make her look pathetic.
Updated by ?○vG○.c○ 
“You child, why didn’t you say so earlier? We’re already here; can we have hotpot next time?”
“No, I want to eat hotpot now.”
Bai Lanwu couldn’t argue against her, so she put down the menu, and both of them left the elegant restaurant for a lively hotpot place. But even though Bai Lanwu ordered a lot of her daughter’s favorite dishes, Ye Xingguang didn’t eat much and looked out of spirits, who knows what she was thinking?
Clearly in low spirits, she still insisted on buying movie tickets and going to the movies.
There was a popular movie recently that her daughter wanted to see, so Bai Lanwu accompanied her. By the time the mother and daughter returned to the hospital, it was already close to eleven-thirty at night, but Ye Junqing hadn’t returned yet.
She wondered how Ye Junqing would spend the rest of his time with his iron lady after dinner.
Ye Xingguang was upset and restless. After showering and lying in bed, she couldn’t help but overthink. At this time, Ye Junqing sent a WeChat message saying he had something to do and wouldn’t be coming to sleep tonight. She stared at the message for a long time, and next thing she knew, she was asleep.noveldrama
She only remembers waking up in the middle of the night, feeling groggy.
The next morning, seeing that she was still in bed at noon, Bai Lanwu went into her room to wake her up. Ye Xingguang buried herself deep under the covers, not wanting to rise, her voice sounding hoarse.
Updated by N○vG○.c○ 
Bai Lanwu sat by her side: “If you’re sleepy, eat something before going back to sleep. Come on, I made you beef noodles.”
But Ye Xingguang found her mouth bitter and had no appetite at all, so she said, “Mom, I don’t want to eat, I have a headache.”
“What’s wrong? Where do you feel uncomfortable?”
“Just a headache.”
Bai Lanwu lifted the covers and placed her hand on her forehead, exclaiming, “Why is it so hot?”
Bai Lanwu went to ask the nurse for a mercury thermometer, asked her to hold it under her arm, and after taking her temperature, found out: “38.9°, that’s high, were you cold last night? Wait here, Mom will get you some fever pills.”
“Okay.” Ye Xingguang did not resist, always feeling groggy. She hadn’t realized that she had a fever.
By the time Bai Lanwu brought back the fever medication, she took two pills and fell back asleep.
Two hours later, Bai Lanwu took her temperature again and found that it had dropped a little to 37.5 degrees. Although she was still feverish, the temperature had dropped a little, which was a relief. That night, Bai Lanwu cooked porridge for her daughter, hoping she would drink some.
However, Ye Xingguang didn’t want to drink, she only wanted to sleep.
Xia Ye Zhao had brought some good food supplements for Ye Xingguang’s mother. When he arrived at the small villa and found out she was running a fever, he went into her room to see her, touched her forehead with his hand, which no longer felt particularly hot. Nonetheless, Xia Ye Zhao was still worried.
“Auntie, has she taken any fever medication?”
“She has, but she hasn’t eaten anything all day. She had a couple of spoonfuls of porridge but then said she had no appetite.”
Xia Ye Zhao stared at the listless Ye Xingguang on the bed, and thought of how pitiful her sister looked during their childhood when she had a fever and stood at the door waiting for him to come home from school. Xia Ye Zhao stood up and said, “Auntie, please stay with her, I’ll cook something for her. When she had a fever in her childhood, she liked the food I cooked.”
###Chapter 547: Chapter 547 Ye Xingguang Has a Sour Nose while Eating _1
Bai Lanwu wanted to say that his daughter couldn’t stomach what he cooked, and she might not be willing to eat what Xia Ye Zhao used to make when she was younger. But since a family member offered to care for his daughter, Bai Lanwu didn’t stop Xia Ye Zhao and allowed him to carry on in the kitchen.
After Xia Ye Zhao busied himself in the kitchen for half an hour, he brought in a bowl of noodle soup and persuaded Ye Xingguang to sit up.
“Big brother Xia, I really don’t feel like eating, my stomach’s upset.”
“Well, don’t eat too much then, just a few bites. You’ve lost weight in your face.”
Ye Xingguang stumbled over her tousled hair, “Don’t exaggerate. My face is naturally thin. Where’s Doctor Chang and Xiaoman? I haven’t seen them for days. Big brother Xia, by taking Doctor Bo’s wife home like this, I’m too embarrassed to see Doctor Bo.”
Updated by ?○vG○.c○ 
Xia Ye Zhao sat by the bed, scooping a spoonful of noodles. When it had cooled down enough not to scald, he brought it to her lips. Ignoring her comment, he gently said, “Come on, open up and eat a little. Be careful, it’s hot.”
Ye Xingguang looked at the bowl of noodles, and honestly didn’t have any appetite. Nonetheless, since her elder brother kindly made the food, she couldn’t demoralize him by refusing. Therefore, she opened her mouth and took a bite.
After taking one bite, her emotions welled up, causing her eyes to glisten with threatening tears.
“What’s the matter, are you going to cry because it tastes awful? It surely can’t be that bad?” Xia Ye Zhao wasn’t much of a cook, and he hadn’t prepared this kind of noodle dish in a long time. He wasn’t confident in his culinary skills – especially now when he saw the misty tears in her eyes.
“No, it’s just the same taste as it was when I was a kid.” It suddenly unearthed a memory deeply buried within her.
“What are you talking about? Is it too salty or too bland?”
“Neither, it’s delicious.” Ye Xingguang’s nose twitched as she ate.noveldrama
Xia Ye Zhao sighed with relief. Once she finished the first bite, he fed her the next.
Bai Lanwu came in, relieved to see his daughter willing to eat. He suggested, “Maybe she got cold because the window was left open last night? You stay here and feed her, I’ll go out to get some fruit from the hospital’s shop.”
Updated by N○vG○.c○ 
Xia Ye Zhao nodded, and after Bai Lanwu left, he fed Ye Xingguang half a bowl more of noodles.
Seeing she no longer opened her mouth, he asked her, “Are you full now? Eat a bit more, you need to eat well to recover faster.”
Ye Xingguang no longer wanted any, she shifted from sitting to lying down, and burrowed back under the blankets. Having eaten something warm, her stomach felt much better, but her mood remained low.
Xia Ye Zhao brought her a cup of hot water and encouraged her to drink the whole cup. After she had drunk it all, he allowed her to continue sleeping, tucked her in and then left the room, closing the door quietly behind him.
Seeing Bai Lanwu hadn’t returned from buying fruit, Xia Ye Zhao sat in the living room browsing through a magazine. He had barely sat for five minutes when he heard a noise from her room. Worried, he again opened the door and found Ye Xingguang leaning over the bed, having vomited everything she had just eaten.
Xia Ye Zhao’s brow furrowed as he quickly went over, pulling out a tissue to wipe her mouth and pouring water for her to rinse. Seeing her gripping her stomach and her face scrunched up in pain, he felt a heavy pit in his stomach, “What’s wrong, does your stomach hurt?”
Ye Xingguang nodded, and Xia Ye Zhao wanted to call a doctor, but she held him back, “Big brother Xia, I don’t need to see a doctor, I might have just eaten something bad yesterday and caught a chill. It’s nothing serious.”
Xia Ye Zhao couldn’t leave it at that. Knowing about her special mermaid condition, he directly called Xia Yanyan’s personal doctor to come and check on Ye Xingguang.
By the time the doctor arrived, they diagnosed her with acute gastroenteritis.
[An Ying: I’ll end today’s update here and continue updating in the early hours of tomorrow. Please recommend and vote for the monthly! Mwah]
###Chapter 548: Chapter 548 I will not take her away_1
The doctor asked her what she had eaten the night before. Bai Lanwu, who had already rushed back, said: “We had a hotpot meal last night, although she didn’t eat much. She didn’t look like she had much appetite during the meal. How did she end up with acute gastroenteritis? I thought she was just having a common fever when she mentioned about a headache. This has now delayed the diagnosis of her illness…”
Deep down, Bai Lanwu was full of self-blame.
After reviewing the medical report, the doctor said: “It might have been caused by the hotpot meal. I’ll prescribe some IV fluids for her. Let her rest as much as possible. I am in Building 8, if anything comes up, call me directly.”
Bai Lanwu nodded: “Thank you, Doctor.”
“You’re welcome.”
Updated by ?○vG○.c○ 
It was not until the doctor was at the door of the villa that he asked Xia Ye Zhao, “Brother Xia, this girl’s health indicators, how come they’re the same as your sister? They don’t coincide with those of normal people. And she isn’t Ye Jun Qing’s official wife. Why are you so worried? It was leaked online once that you two supposedly had an affair. It’s not true, is it?”
This doctor, named Xu Ya, was a friend of Xia Ye Zhao’s.
Xia Ye Zhao had never intended to hide his sister’s existence, so he said: “Stop talking nonsense, she is my sister as well, a long-lost one. Your father once treated her illness.”
Xia Yanyan’s bone marrow transplant was performed by Xu Ya’s father, so Xu Ya also knew about the ugly mermaid of the Xia family, who had never been made public by the Xia family due to her ugly tail. This could be considered a secret history of the rich and influential Xia family.
Xu Ya figured it out in an instant: “So, she’s the one…”
Recalling his sister’s self-esteem issues due to her unattractive tail, Xia Ye Zhao interrupted Xu Ya: “I asked you to treat her to avoid unnecessary trouble. Please don’t tell anyone about her physical discrepancies with normal people for now. Just do your doctor’s job properly and treat her well.”
Xu Ya, holding his mouth for a while, then returned to normal. With both hands in his white coat pockets, he said: “Rest assured, we, the Xus, always know how to keep our mouths shut. We never blab about the secrets of many prominent families. But how ugly is your sister’s tail that your parents disliked her so much in the first place? I never thought the rumored mermaid girl was actually a fish!”
Xia Ye Zhao was annoyed, staring fiercely at Xu Ya: “Swallow back the ‘ugly’ word you just said about her, or you’ll pay for it!”
His sister Xia Ye Zhao, even if her tail wasn’t beautiful, couldn’t tolerate other people’s derogatory comments!
Updated by N○vG○.c○ 
Besides, although the little sister’s tail isn’t beautiful, she is a beauty. Her face after she washed was divine enough to overthrow cities and nations the last time they went to an island together!
Xu Ya smacked his own mouth a couple of times, waving his hand, and left, thinking to himself, she is quite a looker, could it be just the tail that’s ugly?
After Xu Ya left, Xia Ye Zhao returned to the villa.
Bai Lanwu checked the time; with all the fuss, it was already half-past nine in the evening.noveldrama
Bai Lanwu said: “Xia Ye, you can go back, I can take care of Xingguang here.”
Xia Ye Zhao replied: “It’s okay, I’ll stay here with her. These two IV bags will probably last until eleven or twelve at night. I’ll wait until she’s finished with them before I leave. You go sleep early. I’m here, so you don’t have to worry about her.”
Seeing that Bai Lanwu wanted to refuse, Xia Ye Zhao added: “Please give me a chance to take care of her. I’ve been…feeling guilty all these years. And don’t say she’s not my sister, Auntie. I won’t take away the daughter you’ve raised with much hardship.”
###Chapter 549: Chapter 549: I’m Fine, Just a Stomachache _1noveldrama
Bai Lanwu sighed, “Alright then, Xia Ye should be coming back soon. Let him take care of Ye Xingguang when he’s back, you can leave then. I’m going to take a bath first.”
In Xia Ye Zhao’s eyes, there was a sense of gratitude and even a hope that Ye Jun would not come back and steal his opportunity to care for his little sister.
After Bai Lanwu had taken a shower and found that Ye Jun had not come yet, he called him. However, his phone was switched off. Bai Lanwu went to check on his daughter. Ye Xingguang told him to go to bed and so he did.
He wakened less than an hour later to check on his daughter and found Xia Ye Zhao by her bedside all the while. Relieved, Bai Lanwu went back to sleep.
Ye Xingguang’s acute gastroenteritis wasn’t too bad during the day; it was just a fever. But at night, it got worse with frequent diarrhea. Each time, Xia Ye Zhao carried the IV drip and accompanied her to the restroom, anxiously waiting outside with his heart in knots.
Updated by ?○vG○.c○ 
Given his little sister’s condition, he reckoned it was going to be a long night. He decided to call Chang Danran to inform him that he wouldn’t be coming home that night in case it was necessary.
After a few trips to the toilet, Ye Xingguang felt weaker. She had severe abdominal pain that made her curl up in bed. Xia Ye Zhao felt helpless and panicked upon watching her squinch with pain.
At midnight, after two IV drip bags were emptied and she was still in pain, he called Xu Ya to question his medical abilities.
Xu Ya, though innocent, was lucky to be on duty at the hospital that night. He hastily came over and explained, “Bro, acute gastroenteritis manifests this way. I’m a doctor, not a wizard. Do you expect her to be cured just after two bags of IV drips? Even a cold takes six days to recover. Don’t worry, she won’t die from it. Ensure she keeps hydrated to prevent dehydration. With continuous treatment for about three to four days, she should get better.”
Xia Ye Zhao knew that Xu Ya made sense, but he couldn’t think logically when he saw his little sister in so much pain.
Bai Lanwu couldn’t sleep too, getting up in the middle of the night. Seeing his daughter, soaked in sweat with her brow furrowed in pain, he didn’t know how to help.
Ye Xingguang herself was comforting the two, “I’m fine. I just have a stomachache. Mom, go sleep.”
“Sleep? I shouldn’t have let you eat hotpot last night. It’s not hygienic. Look what it’s done to you; vomiting and diarrhea. I have to complain about that restaurant, their food must be unsanitary! I don’t know what’s up with Xia Ye too, he’s not here when needed, and his phone’s unreachable.”
Ye Xingguang mumbled, remembering the message she received from Ye Jun in the evening, saying, “He told me he had to make a trip to Lin City due to some urgent matter and might not be in the capital today.”
Updated by N○vG○.c○ 
Whether he’s on a business trip or not, Ye Xingguang couldn’t be bothered. She was too irritated.
Anyways, he’s always busy, busy enough to have time to dine and chat happily with his childhood friends, yet too preoccupied to eat the pickled pepper fish head that her mom made. She was not one of those illogical people with delusions who insist everything goes their way. It was fine if he wanted to dine with his childhood friends, why would he need to lie to her?
Could it be that he and the Iron Lady were once intimate, and he was scared she would misunderstand so he lied to her as a “kind intention”?
Could the Iron Lady be his first love — that heartless and careless scoundrel?
###Chapter 550: Chapter 550: Has His Heart Begun to Stir?_1
Ye Xingguang found herself obsessed, unable to stop thinking since last night about a particular matter. She had spent the entire day in a sluggish daze, sleeping yet unable to control her thoughts and not able to make them stop, no matter how hard she tried.
She still remembered Ye Junqing saying, for his first love, he both wanted to forget and to let himself go, but heaven did not allow it.
The meaning of those words was clear, he just couldn’t do it.
Now, his first love has come back. Has his heart been provoked?
Last night at the restaurant she wanted to confront him, to ask him why he had lied, but when it came down to it, Ye Xingguang found herself becoming timid. She wasn’t sure if she confronted him, would Ye Junqing comfort her or scold her for being unreasonable?
Updated by ?○vG○.c○ 
She thought of Qixi Night, and the film she watched with Ye Junqing.
In the movie, the male protagonist had a deeply loved first love, whom he broke up with because of parental disapproval. Later, under the arrangements of his parents, he married the female protagonist. The female protagonist knew nothing of the first love. When she fell ill with appendicitis, she called the male protagonist hoping he could take her to the hospital, but she never got through.
Later, she herself called an ambulance, endured all the surgeries for appendicitis alone, and lay in bed for three days. She called the male protagonist for three days straight, but never got through.
During this time, a friend of the male protagonist called her; he advised her to stop calling the male protagonist, otherwise it would only anger him.
It turned out, the father of the male protagonist’s first love had passed away. For several days, he had been accompanying his first love, busy with her father’s funeral arrangements. Her constant calls would only make him think she was unreasonable.
The more Ye Xingguang thought about it, the sadder she became. Uncontrollably, she found herself in the shoes of the film’s female protagonist.
She didn’t know if it was due to acute gastroenteritis or her melancholy mood, but her stomach was in severe pain.
That night, she couldn’t sleep at all. She couldn’t count how many times she ran to the toilet in the second half of the night.
It wasn’t until the following morning that she was put on an IV drip once more. Whether it was the sleep-inducing effects of the medication the doctor had prescribed or not, she began feeling drowsy about halfway through the drip, falling into a hazy sleep.
Updated by N○vG○.c○ 
When she woke up again, it was already four in the afternoon. Hearing that her father had been moved from the special ward back to the small villa, her mood improved a bit. She got up and went to the room next door to see her father, and sat with him for a while, chatting.
Seeing his daughter’s pale face, Song Chuanqi felt pained. In a stern voice, he said, “You’re not allowed to eat recklessly in future; if you can, try not to eat food from outside. Look what happened to you from all that eating! I’m waiting for you to feed me porridge, but now, it seems like it’s you who needs to be fed. Where’s that Ye boy? You’re sick, and he hasn’t even come back to take care of you?”
Ye Xingguang sullenly responded, “He’s on a business trip. I didn’t tell him I was sick; he doesn’t know.”
“Call him and ask him to come back!”noveldrama
“Never mind, he’s busy with his work. If I tell him and cause him to worry, he won’t be able to concentrate on his work.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to call. She sat for a while then was sent back to her room by Song Chuanqi to rest.
While lying in bed scrolling through her phone, she found that her Weibo was filled with birthday blessings for Xia Yanyan from various verified accounts. It was Xia Yanyan’s birthday today.
Xia Yanyan revealed on Weibo that she had already submitted her marriage application to the state in the morning. As for whose name was on the marriage application, it would be announced during the upcoming presidential inauguration ceremony.
###Chapter 551: Chapter 551: Can’t Help But Want to Play Tricks_1
Now, people are eagerly awaiting the inauguration of the new president and the revelation of the national goddess’s marital partner.
However, Ye Xingguang wasn’t interested in this. She wanted to check out other news, but all she saw were stories about the national treasure’s birthday. The screens were filled with her images, with reporters stationed outside the hotel where Xia Yanyan’s birthday party was taking place to provide live coverage. By now, many luxury cars had parked in front of the hotel.
After scrolling for a while, she decided to close her eyes and continue sleeping. But then, she heard footsteps outside the room and saw Xia Ye Zhao coming in.
After her sleep, Xia Ye Zhao, who had watched over her all night, took a nap on the living room couch. He had just woken up and again came to her room, reaching out to touch her forehead. He sighed with relief, “No fever. Does your stomach still hurt?”
“Yeah, but it’s not as severe as it was last night.”
Xia Ye Zhao pulled up a chair to sit down next to her and peeled an orange slice to give her.
Ye Xingguang’s heart warmed up: “Brother Xia, it’s Xia Yanyan’s birthday today. Aren’t you going to attend her birthday party?”
Xia Ye Zhao glanced at the time. It was indeed Yanyan’s birthday tonight, and the banquet would start in a just over an hour.
Ye Xingguang realized that she also had the potential to behave like a white lotus. She actually didn’t want Xia Ye Zhao to attend Xia Yanyan’s birthday banquet. However, she said, “You go ahead. I’m fine here, and my mom will look after me. You attend Xia Yanyan’s birthday banquet every year, right? I just saw online that her banquet is quite grand, with stars gathering and drawing attention.”
Xia Ye Zhao sensed the jealousy in her tone. Indeed, he attended Yanyan’s birthday every year, and this year, he had prepared a birthday present for her and planned to attend the banquet. But with his little sister sick in bed, Xia Ye Zhao suddenly felt guilty at the thought of leaving her alone.
“It’s okay. I’ll call Yanyan and tell her that I’m staying here to look after you tonight, okay?” Xia Ye Zhao coaxed her.
Ye Xingguang, who felt a small victory, nodded her head in bed. Probably, she looked silly, but she didn’t care.
Xia Ye Zhao went out to make a phone call, telling his secretary to bring the birthday gift to the banquet. He then called Xia Yanyan to wish her a happy birthday, informing her that he was busy tonight and couldn’t attend the banquet and had sent the gift through his secretary.
“Brother, what’s so important that you can’t attend my birthday banquet? You never miss my birthday banquet, no matter how busy you are. Are you not coming tonight because you’re with that vixen?”
Xia Yanyan was upset, thinking about Chang Danran: “Brother, since you met Chang Danran, you never come home, are you planning to abandon your little sister?”
Xia Ye Zhao frowned, “Yanyan, she is your sister-in-law.”
“What sister-in-law, she’s someone else’s wife, she’s already married! I don’t care, you must attend my birthday banquet tonight.”
Xia Ye Zhao replied, “I’m not with your sister-in-law, Ye Xingguang has acute gastroenteritis and needs someone to take care of her. I’ve sent the gift you always wanted with the secretary.”
After hearing this, Xia Yanyan became even angrier: “Brother, are you talking about Ye Xingguang?”
“Yes.”
Xia Yanyan was almost furious to the point of vomiting blood: “Because of Ye Xingguang, you are not attending your real sister’s birthday party. Brother, I am your real sister! What’s the relationship between Ye Xingguang and you? Why do you have to interfere when she’s sick?”noveldrama
###Chapter 552: Chapter 552 Night·True White Lotus·Stars_1
Xia Ye Zhao wanted to say that she was our mutual little sister, but remembering the younger sister’s rejection of familial recognition and the lack of regret from the family for abandoning her in the past, Xia Ye Zhao swallowed his words and instead said, “Happy birthday, enjoy yourself.”
With that, Xia Ye Zhao directly hung up the phone.
Both were his sisters, one was ill and the other was celebrating a birthday, Xia Ye Zhao’s heart instinctively leaned towards the sick one.
Moreover, he had accompanied Yanyan on her birthday every year, but since the younger sister was abandoned by the family, he had never celebrated a birthday with her. Now, it’s not about birthdays anymore, she has acute gastroenteritis, how could he leave?
Seeing the call was ended abruptly, Xia Yanyan angrily threw her phone onto the ground. The little White Lotus had stolen Ye Jun Qing and would not let go, now she wants to take away her brother, how could she still enjoy herself?
Xia Yanyan was filled with anger and had no idea how to vent it!
What was supposed to be a perfect birthday party had taken a turn for the worse instantaneously because of that phone call.
Ye Xingguang had a keen hearing, hearing Xia Ye Zhao’s telephone conversation improved her mood considerably. She even took to Weibo to vent her spleen against Xia Yanyan, making her birthday less enjoyable.
Koi Girl: [When I was ill, thank you for staying by my side, accompanying me, caring for me, cooking for me, never leaving me for a single moment. Even though my stomach really hurts, my heart feels warm and blessed.]
After posting, she couldn’t help but like her own post, please call me Ye · True White Lotus · Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang’s Weibo post immediately elicited many netizen’s comments.
Netizen Pineapple Honey: What happened, Koi Girl, what illness do you have, is it serious? [Blessing] Recover quickly.noveldrama
Netizen Starlight Sparkling: Wow! Isn’t it true that the Big Bad Tumor stayed by your bed day and night? The Big Bad Tumor is so heartwarming, boyfriend goals, keep pampering her, don’t hesitate…
Netizen You’re my sweetheart: I’m also sick, fighting alone in a strange city, no one cares for me. Seeing this Weibo post made me feel even worse, as if us peasants don’t have the privilege to be sick. I’m so envious of you having a super-rich Big Bad Tumor to watch over you day and night.
Seeing the third comment, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but reply with three emojis: [Hug][Hug][Hug]
Actually, she didn’t have the Big Bad Tumor by her side. The Big Bad Tumor was either out on a trip or hanging out with friends, she didn’t want to think too much about it. But seeing the netizens believing the Big Bad Tumor was looking after her, her heart couldn’t help but ache.
After thinking it over, to save herself from further distress, she deleted the Weibo post.
However, Tang Zhou caught it and mentioned her in the family group chat right away.
Tang Zhou: “Little Starlight, are you sick? What happened, are you having period cramps?”
Ji Qishu: “Is it serious? Drink more brown sugar water.”
Seeing the group messages, she replied, “No, it’s acute gastroenteritis.”
Tang Zhou: “Ah? Which ward are you in? I’ll come to visit you. I’m about to get bedsores from lying in bed all day, I urgently need to visit other wards.”
Ye Xingguang: “I’m in the small villa at the hospital.”
Tang Zhou: “Hold on, I’ll be right there.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t reply again. Several other people in the group saw her message and started asking about her condition, if it was serious or not. She scanned the profile picture of each message, none of them was from the Big Bad Tumor.
###Chapter 553: Chapter 553: Where did Brother Qing die? _1
With that thought, she put away her phone.
Tang Zhou rushed in, his face showing a mix of colors, and found that the one caring for the sickly Ye Xingguang was not his brother, but Xia Ye Zhao. He frowned. Ye Xingguang’s Weibo post had mentioned someone keeping a vigil for her around the clock. Was she referring to Xia Ye Zhao?
Damn it, was this guy trying to steal his brother’s girl?noveldrama
There had been rumors of this guy having an affair with Ye Xingguang, and he didn’t even mind the public’s opinion now ? just what was Xia Ye Zhao up to?
Tang Zhou immediately stepped out of the room and made a phone call to Ye Junqing in the living room. Fu Zhuo answered the call instead of Ye Junqing.
Fu Zhuo, receiving Tang Zhou’s call, innocently asked, “What’s the matter?”
Tang Zhou said, “Something big has happened. Where is my brother? Ye Xingguang is sick, why isn’t my brother with her? When I was ill, my little sidekick stayed by my side night and day. Where did my brother disappear to?”
Fu Zhuo said, “Ye Xingguang is sick? My brother is currently playing golf with Yan Xi.”
Tang Zhou exploded, “Ye Xingguang is falling ill and my brother is playing golf with Yan Xi? No wonder Xia Ye Zhao had the chance to sneak in. You have no idea what I just saw! Xia Ye Zhao was sitting by Ye Xingguang’s bedside, carefully feeding her water. The adoring look in his eyes…damn it, I couldn’t bear to watch it. I reckon my brother has been cuckolded, well, he deserved it!”
Fu Zhuo said, “What are you talking about? Ye Shiting wants to invite Yan Xi to become the Minister of Defense. Yan Xi hasn’t yet agreed, so in order to persuade her for Ye Shiting’s sake, my brother accompanies her everywhere, even appealing to her emotions. You won’t understand this, forget it, what did Ye Xingguang get? Is it serious?”
Of course, Tang Zhou understands. Ye Shiting is about to assume the position of the President, and is now recruiting talents to form a cabinet. However, due to the internal and external pressures facing the army, the position of the Minister of Defense has become a hot potato. The several candidates for the Minister of Defense that Ye Shiting has proposed have explicitly stated their unwillingness because the position is somewhat like a thankless task, and many people are not willing to sacrifice themselves.
Tang Zhou, disappointed with his brother’s behavior, was worried that other temptresses would seize the opportunity to seduce him, leading to Ye Junqing being cuckolded.
Tang Zhou said, “How is it not severe? I just went to see her, her face was pale without any color. I heard that she had a high fever all day yesterday, and she was vomiting and had diarrhea all night. Her condition is a little better than last night, but you should quickly inform my brother. I will go in now and prevent Xia Ye Zhao from exploiting the situation. I will help my brother keep an eye on them.”
Fu Zhuo said, “Okay.”
After hanging up, Tang Zhou quickly entered the room, planning to be a bright light bulb. However, unbeknownst to him, Ye Xingguang, who had sharp ears, heard his entire conversation with Fu Zhuo.
It seemed that the man who told her he was going on a business trip to a nearby city the night before was lying to her again. He was actually busy accompanying Yan Xi. Even Fu Zhuo said that he accompanied her, played with her, and even played the emotional card.
On the other side, Fu Zhuo boarded the electric sightseeing car on the golf course and asked the driver to drive it over to Ye Junqing.
Ye Junqing was playing golf with Ye Shiting, Yan Xi, and several other friends in the circle. Seeing Fu Zhuo making a gesture at him, Ye Junqing nodded at his friends and said, “Excuse me for a while,” and then walked away, waiting for Fu Zhuo’s approach.
Fu Zhuo came up to Ye Junqing and whispered, “Master, Ye Xingguang fell ill and was diagnosed with acute gastroenteritis.”
[An Ying: The update ends today, the update will continue tomorrow morning, please recommend votes, please give monthly tickets, Muah!]
###Chapter 554: Chapter 554: He is a Divine Assistor_1
Ye Junqing was taken aback, then he heard Fu Zhuo say, “Xiao Zhou told me she fell ill yesterday, had a high fever all day long, and was vomiting and having diarrhea last night. Apparently, Xia Ye Zhao stayed with her through the night. Honestly, what is Xia Ye Zhao thinking? Doesn’t he know to avoid suspicion, especially after those ambiguous photos captured by the paparazzi?”noveldrama
Ye Junqing’s eyebrows furrowed: “She fell ill yesterday; why didn’t anyone inform me?”
He had texted Xia Yuwei before leaving the capital yesterday evening, saying he had to go to Lin City and wouldn’t be back for the night. She had replied with a simple “Oh.” How come she didn’t say she was sick then? That she had acute gastroenteritis? That she had been running a high fever all day, vomiting and having diarrhea?
Fu Zhuo innocently protested, “Junqing, I only found out when Xiao Zhou called me just now, and I rushed to inform you right away. This isn’t my fault.”
He had been striving to be efficient all day, aiming to provide the best assistance.
Just like when Mr. Ting instructed him to deal with Yan Xi, and handed him his phone to chat with Yan Xi since he himself didn’t have time, Fu Zhuo had been busy using Junqing’s phone to communicate with Yan Xi for the past few days.
The day before yesterday, he used Junqing’s phone to chat with Yan Xi all afternoon and night. After Junqing picked up Yan Xi from the airport and dropped her off at the Yan’s family home, he had then returned the phone. During this time, he also spun a white lie on behalf of Junqing.
When Junqing was dropping Yan Xi off at her home, Ye Xingguang texted, asking where Junqing was. He smartly replied on behalf of Junqing, saying that there was an urgent meeting at the company. Otherwise, who knows what Ye Xingguang would have imagined if she found out that Junqing was dropping Yan Xi off at home in the middle of the night!
After sending the text message, he even deleted the chat with Ye Xingguang, playing the role of a good, untraceable hero.
The day before, he also sent many text messages on behalf of Junqing to Yan Xi, confirming the dinner time. Just then, Ye Xingguang texted again, asking Junqing to come back to the hospital for a meal of chopped peppery fish head. If he hadn’t smartly replied that Junqing had to work overtime that night, could Junqing have gotten past the mother-in-law’s test?
After sending the text, he also deleted the chat with Ye Xingguang, playing the untraceable hero again.
He did all these good deeds without taking credit with Junqing. If Junqing is blaming him for not knowing about Ye Xingguang falling sick immediately, then it’s really unfair. Can he always be the perfect assistant? There are bound to be times when he can’t keep up with everything.
Images of Ye Xingguang vomiting and having diarrhea flashed through Ye Junqing’s mind, making his eyebrows furrow: “Where’s my phone?”
Fu Zhuo handed over the phone, and Ye Junqing immediately dialed Ye Xingguang’s number.
Upon hearing the phone ring and seeing “Malignant Tumor” flashing on the screen, Ye Xingguang felt a pang of bitterness in her nose. She didn’t want to pick up the call and appear like a pitiful complainant, so she declined the call directly.
Ye Junqing was taken aback. Why did she hang up on him?
Ye Junqing made another call, but it was again declined. His face immediately turned grave.
When Ye Junqing tried to call for the third time, a voice from the phone said: “Sorry, the number you dialed is currently on another call, please try again later…”
Was someone else calling her, or…
Had he been blocked?
No way, she wouldn’t block him. Probably someone else was calling her, which is why that voice recording played.
###Chapter 555: Chapter 555: I’m here, don’t worry_1
Xia Ye Zhao sat by the bedside, seeing Night Jun Qing’s several calls being declined by his little sister. Eventually, Night Jun Qing’s phone number was even blocked. He asked in a low voice, “Why aren’t you answering his calls?”
“I don’t feel like it.” Ye Xingguang shoved her mobile phone under the pillow.
Only at this moment did Xia Ye Zhao realize that her mood was off: “Did he do something to upset you?”
“No, I just don’t feel well and I don’t want to answer the phone.”
Xia Ye Zhao had been taking care of her for a day and a night, and he knew well that she was not feeling well and her mood was low. He had thought her mood was low because she was not feeling well, but now she was refusing to answer Night Jun Qing’s calls. Could it be that things were not as he had imagined?
Tang Zhou was also in the room, looking at the situation, his eyelids twitching violently, he immediately questioned: “Little Xingguang, what’s wrong? Brother Qing absolutely didn’t do anything to hurt you. Brother Qing is busy, he’s been really busy with work these days.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to talk, she closed her eyes and fell asleep, too sick to muster any energy.
At this moment, Xia Ye Zhao’s phone rang. He glanced at it, it was Night Jun Qing, “He has called my phone.”
Ye Xingguang did not respond, continuing to sleep with her eyes closed.
Xia Ye Zhao pressed the answer button, Night Jun Qing asked him about his little sister’s situation, Xia Ye Zhao replied: “She ate something unclean. She’s much better now than last night. If you’re busy, keep doing what you’re doing, I’m here, don’t worry, I’ll take good care of Xingguang.”
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t need to say that. As soon as he mentioned it, Night Jun Qing immediately got into the electric sightseeing car parked next to him. When he realized that Xia Ye Zhao had spent the whole night vomiting and suffering from diarrhea, he couldn’t help but berate himself: “You’re with her? Give her the phone.”
Unfortunately, Xia Ye Zhao directly hung up the call and didn’t bother with him anymore.
Afterwards, he also drove Tang Zhou, who was pleading Night Jun Qing’s case by his sister’s side, out of the room so as not to disturb her rest with his incessant chatter.
Tang Zhou, who had been kicked out, stood at the door, hands on hips, panting with rage. He hastily dialed Night Jun Qing’s number again: “Brother Qing, where are you? Little Xingguang has blocked you, and I was kicked out by Xia Ye Zhao. He is openly encroaching on your territory and dared to kick me out!”
Tang Zhou rolled up his sleeves, his fury palpable!
Tang Zhou didn’t need to bring it up, but the moment he did, Night Jun Qing’s face darken – she had blocked him?
In the room, Xia Ye Zhao probed Ye Xingguang, “How did Night Jun Qing upset you?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to talk, she pulled the covers over her head and tried to sleep. But not even two minutes later, her stomach began to grumble. Ignoring the embarrassing noise, she threw off the covers to use the bathroom, then squatted in the restroom, suffering from diarrhea.
At this time, Doctor Xu Ya rushed over and told Xia Ye Zhao, “Right now, several hospitals are treating patients with acute gastroenteritis. Upon investigation, they all ate hot pot at the same restaurant, just like the carp girl. They all have symptoms of high fever, abdominal pain, vomiting, diarrhoea…”
Bai Lanwu came out of her husband’s ward when she heard the news: “Is it really because the hotpot restaurant’s ingredients were unclean? But I didn’t have any problems.”
Xu Ya said, “Someone has already made a complaint call. The health department went to the hot pot restaurant for a thorough investigation and found that everyone admitted with acute gastroenteritis had ordered a plate of tripe that did not meet health standards. Did the carp girl eat any tripe?”
Bai Lanwu thought for a moment, “She did. All night, she had no appetite and hardly ate anything else. She ate all the tripe I didn’t like on her own.”
###Chapter 556: Chapter 556: Where is this undeserved disaster?_1noveldrama
Xu Ya nodded, “So the cause of the illness is found, tripe is the culprit.”
But Bai Lanwu said, “This child, insisting on having hotpot, wouldn’t all this trouble have been avoided if we’d just eaten at the restaurant I chose? We were all ready to order and she still insisted on leaving. Was she really starving for hotpot? This is truly a disaster out of nowhere.”
Ye Xingguang walked out of the bathroom, she wouldn’t have chosen to eat hotpot, she could have been at home eating the chopped chili fish head made by her mother’s own hands, where is the undeserved calamity in that?
She was so weak, she had no strength in her feet, and her legs were soft as she walked.
Seeing this, Xia Ye Zhao quickly walked over, picked her up, and laid her on the bed. He then asked Xu Ya, “Now that we know the cause of the disease, can we treat it more effectively?”
Xu Ya said, “I’ve already prescribed two bottles of medicine for her, which are more targeted. We need to continue the IV drip. Knowing the cause of the disease can’t stop her from vomiting and diarrhea, I estimate she will have a fever. You all need to take good care of her.”
Xia Ye Zhao frowned, helpless, looking at his sickly little sister on the bed, reminded him of her pitiful appearance of always being sick when they were young. His heart ached even more. He decided that he wouldn’t leave her bedside until she recovered, no matter what.
Bai Lanwu had to take care of her husband. Seeing Xia Ye Zhao taking good care of their daughter, she completely handed over her daughter’s care to him.
Xu Ya was really a jinx, he said Ye Xingguang would have a fever and sure enough, less than twenty minutes later, Xia Ye Zhao used a digital thermometer to measure her temperature and it was clearly rising.
Ye Xingguang, lying in bed and hearing Xu Ya’s words, gave a bitter smile, “Doctor, can you say something good? Don’t curse me, I just started feeling a bit better than yesterday.”
Xu Ya: “I’m just telling the truth, I see your mood isn’t steady either; a morose mood can lower your resistance as well.”
Ye Xingguang paused for a moment and shook her head, “I’m not emotionally unstable.”
Xu Ya laughed a bit, looking at her as if he didn’t believe her at all.
Are all doctors so perceptive? Ye Xingguang hummed, “I understand.”
She wanted to perk up her mood too, but it was too difficult to do so.
Ye Xingguang closed her eyes, telling herself not to think about anything, and fell asleep in a daze.
While she was sleeping, Xia Ye Zhao took her temperature and found out she indeed had a fever again.
She seemed to be having a nightmare, furrowing her eyebrows tightly.
Ye Xingguang actually had a nightmare, dreaming of her childhood. When she had a high fever, no one cared about her, no one paid attention to her. She could only hope, hope, and hope some more for her brother to be off school early…
But no matter how much she hoped, he never showed up. In the end, she fell asleep, and when she woke up again, she felt she was on the open sea.
At that time, she was still on the boat, and had not been cast adrift yet.
Xia Yanyan sat next to her, unwrapping a piece of candy for her to eat. She was quite happy, putting it in her mouth and finding it exceptionally sweet.
She even asked Xia Yanyan where they were and why the bed was trembling.
Xia Yanyan said that they were at sea, and mom and dad had brought them out for a vacation.
Xia Yanyan said, “Once we arrive at the sea, we can become beautiful mermaids. We can swim freely in the sea.”
Xia Yanyan asked her to get up, took her to the deck, and proposed they compete to see who jumped into the sea first.
At that time, mom and dad were sitting on the deck, they even encouraged her, saying that whoever jumped into the sea first would be rewarded with a cute pillow doll.
###Chapter 557: Chapter 557 I tried so hard, but still got abandoned_1
She really wanted her cushion doll, she wanted to jump, but she was feeling unwell, as if she was running a fever, so she didn’t jump immediately.
Finally, it was her father who lifted her up, encouraged her not to lose to her sister. She was competitive too. She’s always been second to her sister in everything, and she wanted her parents to see her excellence. So, when her father said he’d throw her into the sea, she replied, “Go ahead, dad.”
Next thing she knew, her father really threw her into the sea.
When she hit the water, she eagerly dipped under the surface, then looked up at her parents and Xia Yanyan on the boat, telling them, she had won.
But Xia Yanyan didn’t jump. The family of three just stood on the boat staring at her, watching her. Then the boat sailed away.
She was bewildered, didn’t understand, and swam to pursue the boat. At first, she could keep up, but then, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t catch up.
She screamed to the boat, “Dad, Mom, sis… I’m not on the boat… Wait for me… don’t abandon me…”
The harder she screamed, the bigger her voice became. Finally, she woke from her sleep with those screams. Xia Ye Zhao, sitting by her bed, heard her cries sinking into sleep talk, and his heart ached.
Without realizing it, he called out her real name: “Qiongqiong, wake up.”
“Qiongqiong…”
“Qiongqiong…”
In her sleep talk, Ye Xingguang was still swimming in the icy sea chasing the boat. As she swam, she seemed to hear her elder brother calling her…noveldrama
“Bro, where are you?” she said, looking around on the surface of the sea.
“Bro, tell them not to leave me…”
“Bro, I’m uncomfortable, I’m scared…”
Suddenly, with those words, she woke up with a start.
After waking up, she stared at the ceiling. For a long time, she couldn’t distinguish between what was a dream and what was reality.
Xia Ye Zhao saw her open her eyes, her forehead glistening with sweat. He took a dry towel, wiped away the cold sweat from her forehead and gently spoke to her, “Qiongqiong, don’t be scared, it was just a nightmare, it’s all over.”
“Bro…?”
It took a while for Ye Xingguang’s unfocused gaze to fall on Xia Ye Zhao’s face; because of her fever, she saw double. She rubbed her eyes, trying to see clearly, and uncertainly called again, “Bro…?”
Xia Ye Zhao was sitting by her side, listening to her call him “big brother” all day long. He didn’t like it but he couldn’t help it. Now, hearing her call him brother in her confusion, his heart felt like it might break. He helped her fix the loose hair on her forehead, his voice unconsciously softening to a near whisper, “Bro is here, don’t be afraid, it was just a nightmare.”
Not just a nightmare.
All that was her own life experience.
They say that when a person is sick, they are at their most vulnerable. No matter how strong they pretend to be when they are healthy, that strength collapses quickly when they are ill.
She did not want to appear so vulnerable, so unable to handle stuff. It wasn’t the first time she had such a nightmare. Usually, she would wash her face when she woke up, calm herself down and then it would pass.
But this time, all her efforts were in vain.
As soon as Xia Ye Zhao wiped away her tears, more sprang up. She despised her own weakness. It was just food poisoning causing acute gastroenteritis. However, it left her feeling so vulnerable and pathetic. With closed eyes, she said resentfully “Bro, am I really pathetic?”
“Nonsense, you’re not pathetic at all, don’t demean yourself like that.” Xia Ye Zhao didn’t allow her to belittle herself like that and he again tucked her in.
“No matter how hard I try, I can’t win other people’s affection. I work so hard, but still get abandoned. Am I really that bad? Things that others can get effortlessly, I have to work hard for. And in the end, I found out that I still can’t hold onto them…”
###Chapter 558: Chapter 558: What Gives Her The Confidence To Be Fearless?_1
Xia Ye Zhao was choked with self-reproach and anguish in his heart, “Qiongqiong, don’t think like this, you’ve already done so well. This isn’t your fault, it’s the world that has let you down, it’s my big brother’s failure to protect you.”
However, Ye Xingguang was overwhelmed with sadness.
She worked so hard to win her parents’ hearts, but some things were not within her reach no matter how hard she tried – she was enduring all this. Why was it the same with Ye Junqing?
Had she not been good enough for Ye Junqing; she had given him her all.
These past couple of days lying in bed, she carefully reconsidered – surrendering her heart and soul to him was essentially degrading herself.
From the beginning, Ye Junqing had no intention of accepting her. Ye Junqing had asked her to avoid him whenever she saw him, not to disrupt his life.
She always tried to intrude into his life. When she saw him engulfed in old problems, even if she lost face, she insisted on caring for him, even if he shouted, ‘go away’. She always showed up…noveldrama
Particularly after she found out that he was Qin Junye. She wished she could burn her entire heart for him; she would offer herself proactively when his old problems resurfaced…
Yet, it was crystal-clear that he never asked for her to offer herself, it was clear that he only wanted to lock himself up in the room on the third floor of the Ye’s mansion, patiently tolerating and enduring. Yet she had to offer herself as an antidote…
She had even raced back home with a durian because he wouldn’t apologize to her. She absurdly fantasized about taming him.
Isn’t it said that the beloved ones were the ones with nothing to fear? What right did she have to behave so fearlessly?
The Iron Lady was the woman that Ye Junqing wanted but couldn’t get – that heartless little scoundrel, as he referred to her.
At this moment, Bai Lanwu walked in with a phone in his hand, his face ashen. “Xingguang, you refused to dine in that restaurant the other night and insisted on leaving. Was it because you saw this?”
Bai Lanwu, though old, liked to check her daughter’s Weibo account ever since she created one, hoping to know more about what she’s going through. While reading through the Weibo feed, he saw a post from a netizen, claiming that Ye Junqing was spotted dining with another woman. When their daughter ran into them, she didn’t even have the courage to confront them and sneakily left the restaurant.
Ye Xingguang looked up and saw the video on Bai Lanwu’s phone.
The video was simple, showing how she held her mother’s hand and walked into the restaurant, how she left to find the restroom and in the process spotted Ye Junqing with Yan Xi, and how she turned back to talk to her mother before they both left the restaurant.
The netizen who exposed this also captured a clear screenshot from the video. The photograph poignantly contrasted a forlorn image of her with the jovial figures of Ye Junqing and the Iron Lady, whose face was indistinct but obviously feminine, seated at the booth.
The netizen’s caption was very incendiary: Stop worshipping @CarpGirl. There’s no such fairytale in the world. You think you can win the heart of a prominent bachelor from the rich list by a twist of fate as in TV shows? It’s literally a publicity stunt. The only reason the Big Baddie was willing to stage it was to boost Ye Shiting’s chances of becoming the President. Now that the Presidential election dust has settled, Carp Girl accidentally caught the Big Baddie dining with another woman. Yet she lacked the guts to confront them, choosing instead to beat a hasty retreat. She appeared so cowardly.
Bai Lanwu was infuriated by the photo and video. “Is this why you insisted on eating hotpot instead of staying at the restaurant? You saw Ye Junqing dining with another woman at the restaurant? When I asked why you suddenly wanted to go for hotpot, so this was the reason!”
###Chapter 559: Chapter 559 No Comparison, No Hurt_1
Bai Lanwu watched the video and was furious: “Didn’t Xia Ye tell you that she was working overtime that night and couldn’t spare the time to eat the chopped pepper fish head I cooked? Turns out he wasn’t occupied, but preferred to take time off to dine with someone else, getting you into this unwarranted disaster. You wouldn’t have had acute gastroenteritis otherwise!”
Upon seeing her daughter vomit and suffer from diarrhea in the past few days, Bai Lanwu was heartbroken. Now, the video on the internet ignited her anger towards Ye Junqing.
Just then, Tang Zhou shouted from outside: “Xingguang, Brother Qing is here.”
Bai Lanwu was boiling with anger and had nowhere to vent. Hearing the shouts from outside, she quickly turned and walked out, stopping Ye Junqing who was striding in.
Ye Junqing was moving quickly in haste. Upon seeing Bai Lanwu, he respectfully greeted her: “Mother, how is Xingguang doing?”
“You needn’t bother about her now!”
No wonder the doctor said that her daughter was both physically and emotionally ill. It all made sense to Bai Lanwu now. The food poisoning coupled with the emotional slump was all because of the culprit before her eyes.
Ye Junqing froze for a moment, raised his long legs and attempted to bypass Bai Lanwu to get into the room, but she stood at the door like an unyielding shield, barring him from entering. Ye Junqing being tall could see over Bai Lanwu, towards Ye Xingguang who lay curled up sideways on the hospital bed. Xia Ye Zhao was tucking her in.
With his heart on fire, Ye Junqing spoke respectfully: “Mother, please allow me to pass.”noveldrama
Bai Lanwu didn’t yield. Though generally a tender woman, she was strong-willed when it came to her daughter. Reminded of how her daughter had to bear all the distress silently whilst falling ill like this, Bai Lanwu’s heartache was unbearable.
The more Bai Lanwu pondered, the more heartbroken she felt, and pointed at the door: “Out you go, my daughter doesn’t need your sympathy.”
Despite her attitude, Ye Junqing was bewildered and stunned.
He hesitated for a moment, then began to self-reflect, “Mother, I’m sorry. I’ve been busy with work these past few days and didn’t know Xingguang was unwell. Mother, please let me go in and see her.”
“See her for what? My daughter isn’t so bereft of admirers that she needs to grovel before you!”
Then another individual approached, Han Chengbei, holding a light porridge. Seeing that Ye Junqing was being driven away by Ye Xingguang’s mother in the living room, he quickly stepped forward to stir things up: “Auntie, I’m back to see you again, do you remember me?”
Bai Lanwu did remember. Han Chengbei had visited her husband with fruit two days ago, a friend of Xingguang’s.
“Oh young Han.”
Abandoning his usual frivolity, Han Chengbei put on a face that would ingratiate himself with the elders. He held up the medicated porridge he had brought, saying, “Yes, it’s me. Your memory is impeccable, Auntie. I learned on Weibo that Xingguang was unwell, so I bought her a medicated diet. What happened? She was fine the day before yesterday. Where is she? This medicated diet needs to be consumed warm.”
Without a comparison, there would be no harm done. Even an ordinary friend remembered to bring a medicated meal to her daughter, but the soon-to-be son-in-law was empty-handed. Bai Lanwu, in her fury, wasn’t seeing anything favorably, and by comparison, Han Chengbei seemed much better.
Bai Lanwu allowed Han Chengbei in, saying: “Go ahead, Xingguang hasn’t been able to keep any food down these past few days. She is starving now.”
“Thank you, Auntie. This medicated porridge I brought is from the best porridge shop in the capital. It’s surely clean, sanitary, and stomach-warming. The owner of the shop is a descendent of a family of traditional Chinese medicine practitioners. Many people who aren’t feeling well and have lost their appetites patronize them. I’ll go in then.”
After Han Chengbei finished speaking, he glanced at Ye Junqing smugly and walked away with a smug stride.
[An Yi: Today’s update stops here, please continue reading tomorrow. Looking for your monthly votes and recommendations, kiss.]
###Chapter 560: Chapter 560: I Will Surely Cherish the Starlight as a Beloved Treasure_1
“Life’s pleasure must be utterly savored. That bastard Ye even managed to aggravate his mother-in-law too, that’s absolutely delightful! If it weren’t for the occasion, Han Chengbei would have wanted to howl with laughter to the sky. It’s not that vengeance doesn’t come, it’s just not the time yet!”
Today, he could finally take revenge for the grudge of his lost arm.
However, when he walked into the room and saw Ye Xingguang’s pale face, Han Chengbei wasn’t in the mood to be happy anymore.
As he approached the bed, he wasn’t sure why Xia Ye Zhao was there too. Right now, though, he didn’t have the leisure to worry about it. He stood beside Xia Ye Zhao, looking deeply concerned, “Oh man, my lord, why do you look so sick all of a sudden? You didn’t get sick from Ye, did you?”
“No, I just have food poisoning.”
Ye Xingguang denied, straining to listen to the sounds outside the room, she weakly shook her head: “Why did you come?”
“Didn’t you post on Weibo that you were sick? I saw the post just as I was having porridge, so I brought some for you. Can you still eat it by yourself, or should I feed you?”
“Thank you, but I don’t really feel like eating right now.”
Xia Ye Zhao glanced at the porridge in Han Chengbei’s hands, noticing the plastic bag: “Did you buy it from Zhoujitang, the medicinal porridge place?”
Zhoujitang’s medicinal porridge was indeed clean, hygienic, and warmed the stomach. It was opened by a descendant of a famous traditional Chinese medicine family and had a good reputation. Xia Ye Zhao said: “Give me the porridge. I’ll eat a bit to warm up my stomach. Xu Ya also recommended some light food before she left. You can’t eat nothing.”noveldrama
Han Chengbei handed the medicinal porridge to Xia Ye Zhao. Xia Ye Zhao opened the packaging, ready to feed Ye Xingguang herself.
Ye Xingguang shook her head, her stomach still wasn’t feeling well: “I really can’t eat any. I’ll just throw up later if I do.”
“Listen, just take a few bites. I promise you don’t have to eat a lot.”
“Alright then.”
Ye Xingguang sat up, and Han Chengbei immediately rushed to the other side, stuffing two pillows behind her to lean on.
Ye wanted to go in, but he was blocked by his mother-in-law. If it was anyone else it could be tolerated, but when blocked by his mother-in-law, he had no choice but to look at Han Chengbei and Xia Ye Zhao, fussing over Xia Ye.
Tang Zhou stood beside Ye saying: “Auntie, brother Ye didn’t know Xia Ye was sick because he’s been so busy these days. If he had known, he would have come immediately. He really cares about Xia Ye. Could you let Brother Ye come in?”
Bai Lanwu looked really upset: “Busy with what? Busy flirting with other women, neglecting my daughter? It’s true, my daughter is not what you truly want. She was indeed given to you by the country. We can accept that. If you don’t like her, then let’s call it quits. We can afford the penalty of ten million. There are many other good suitors for her anyway, not just you. I see that Xia Han in the room is pretty good.”
Han Chengbei immediately ran out of the room, saying: “Auntie, you really have a good eye. I do like your daughter a lot. It’s a shame that Xia Ye is already spoken for, and I’m not the kind to interfere with someone else’s relationship. I can only suppress my feelings and be a regular friend. But if you think I’m good enough for her, if Xia Ye and Ye break off their arranged marriage, I’ll definitely cherish Xia Ye like a treasure.”
“Did you hear that? My daughter is not to be trifled with! She isn’t going to desperately cling to you! If you fail to cherish her, break things off. I have really misjudged you! I actually thought you would be a good son-in-law!”
Ye wished he could kick the rabble-rousing Han Chengbei away. Especially while facing his mother-in-law’s words, Ye didn’t dare to pull a long face in front of his mother-in-law and could only apologize with caution. However, he responded: “Mom, when have I ever been busy flirting with other women? Where did you hear such rumors?”
###Chapter 561: Chapter 561 Auntie, you really misunderstood my brother Qing _1
“Am I in a position to falsely accuse you?”
Bai Lanwu angrily played a video on his phone and shouted, “Isn’t this you in the video? I invited you over for dinner, but you told me you had to work overtime. But before I knew it, you were casually dining at a restaurant with another woman. If you didn’t like the food I made, just say it straight. There’s no need to use such an excuse to upset my daughter. Had she not seen you flirtatiously chatting with another woman, she wouldn’t have left her meal untouched and gone out to eat hot pot elsewhere instead. It’s because she consumed some unhygienic food there that she ended up with acute gastroenteritis. Now she’s so sick, vomiting and suffering from diarrhea continuously, with a persistent high fever. And you’re nowhere to be seen. Just get out, get out of here! Don’t come and worsen my daughter’s condition!”
Upon a closer look at the video, Ye Junqing realized it was him dining with Yan Xi?
Was Deep also there at the time? Why didn’t she come over to greet him, why run away?
Ye Junqing felt even more wronged than DuanEr. His mother-in-law had clearly misunderstood him and Yan Xi. There was absolutely no way he’d be flirting with Yan Xi. It was just a regular get-together. Moreover, it wasn’t just the two of them there that night. The others just hadn’t arrived at the time the video was taken.
Ye Junqing said: “Mom, you’ve got it all wrong. Yan Xi and I aren’t in the kind of relationship you’re thinking of. We’re just good friends.”
Han Chengbei peered over to see the video; it showed a woman, but he couldn’t confirm it was Iron Lady Yan Xi. Listening to the sound of Ye Junqing’s defense, Han Chengbei couldn’t help but chuckle. So, did his mother-in-law catch Ye Junqing having an affair— was it with Iron Lady Yan Xi?
“Auntie, the night before last, I saw Ye Junqing going to the airport to pick up the woman in the video. He was hugging her at the airport. I immediately informed Deep about this over a WeChat video call. So, Deep must have fallen ill out of anger. No wonder she seemed so melancholic when I came to visit uncle at the hospital the next day. Having a low mood makes one susceptible to diseases. Yes, the cause of Deep’s illness is none other than Ye Junqing. Don’t forgive him easily!”
Upon hearing this, Bai Lanwu grew even more furious: “Really, were they ‘lovingly embraced’ together that night?”
“Absolutely, both Deep and my eyes witnessed it!” Han Chengbei continued to instigate, seemingly pleased.
Tang Zhou couldn’t tolerate this anymore and kicked Han Chengbei: “Don’t add fuel to the fire. My buddy, Zhou, may have been with Yan Xi these past two days, but they were purely professional, nothing improper. Auntie, you really have misunderstood Ye Junqing. The affection he showed to Yan Xi, the dining together, playing together, working together, was all just for work.”
Tang Zhou shouldn’t have said anything. Bai Lanwu was now so furious she wished she could kick Ye Junqing out immediately. So, he had been escorting Yan Xi all this time, dining together, playing together, even talking about feelings?
Her daughter was so sick, but her disappointing future son-in-law was doing all these things?noveldrama
“Get out! Get out right this instant! I’m going to call your mother right now and call off this marriage!”
Ye Junqing’s temples started throbbing as he glared at Tang Zhou. He couldn’t tell if he was trying to help him or if he was intentionally harming him. Since when did he ever become so buddy-buddy with Yan Xi?
They were just old classmates, what was there to talk about feelings?
Wasn’t it just picking up Yan Xi from the airport, having dinner with a few old classmates, and then today he had a round of golf at his big brother’s request after returning from an out-of-town business trip?
###Chapter 562: Chapter 562 Son, what kind of messed-up thing did you do_1
“Mom, it’s really not what you think…”
Before Ye Junqing could finish his sentence, Bai Lanwu pulled out her phone to call Bai Peiluan.
Ye Junqing couldn’t disrespect his elder by snatching his mother-in-law’s phone away, so he could only continue to explain calmly, but to no avail as Bai Lanwu wouldn’t listen.
As soon as the call was answered, Bai Lanwu said, “Peiluan, your son can’t handle my daughter, let’s drop this arranged union… Why? Go ask your own son, my daughter isn’t someone that can be bullied by anyone…that’s enough, I don’t want to hear it, my daughter won’t lack for suitors, she doesn’t have to put up with this kind of treatment!”
After finishing speaking, Bai Lanwu hung up the phone, and seeing that Ye Junqing was still not leaving, she said, “If you don’t leave, do I have to get a broom to drive you out?”
“Mom, you need to calm down first.”
“Don’t call me mom, I’m not your mom, with my daughter in this condition, neither I nor her father accept such a son-in-law!”
Ye Junqing had never encountered such a resistant mother-in-law, and he couldn’t show his indignation in front of her. He sidled around her and darted straight into the room, but Han Chengbei moved quickly to stop him. Tang Zhou wasn’t for show either. He suddenly grabbed Han Chengbei from behind, preventing him from ruining things. The scene descended into chaos.
Tang Zhou thought that Junqing could overcome the obstacles this time and enter the room, but just as he was about to step over the threshold, Xia Ye Zhao, who was sitting in the room feeding porridge to Ye Xingguang, walked out and closed the door, locking it from outside.
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t believe Ye Junqing could be unfaithful, but he had his own self-interest. With his sister being so ill, he wanted to stay bedside and take care of her. If Ye Junqing came in, he would likely have to leave, so without a second thought, Xia Ye Zhao locked the door.noveldrama
Ye Junqing, who was just one step away, was at a loss for words.
Bai Lanwu, seeing the door locked from outside, snorted and went straight into her husband’s sickroom. Then, she also locked the door.
Such a disappointing son-in-law, she didn’t want to deal with him. Out of sight, out of mind!
Facing two tightly closed doors, Ye Junqing, feeling even more wronged than DuanEr, was speechless.
Soon after, Bai Peiluan called with a string of harsh words, “What the hell have you done this time? Xingguang’s mother has called me to cancel the union, how did you lose track of my daughter-in-law? Explain yourself clearly, or else I’ll never let it go!”
Bai Peiluan was already full of guilt, thinking that she had done wrong by Bai Lanwu, and now her son had also offended her daughter. At this moment, Bai Peiluan was extremely disappointed in her son and even considered throwing him out of the house to gain her sister’s forgiveness.
Ye Junqing was frustrated: “Mom, it’s all a misunderstanding.”
“What kind of misunderstanding? Explain in detail. If my daughter-in-law is gone, you are not to come back here ever again!”
In fact, Ye Junqing himself hadn’t sorted out what the misunderstanding was. Just now, his mother-in-law complained that he didn’t like the food she cooked. When did he ever say that he didn’t like the food his mother-in-law cooked?
Ye Junqing said, “Mom, don’t add to the confusion. I’ll sort it out and then call you back.”
“Huh, did you do something to betray Xingguang and now you’re anxious to hang up before thinking of a good excuse? Let me tell you, if I lost my daughter-in-law, I’ll kick you out of this house, got it? Solve this situation quickly!”
After speaking, Bai Peiluan ended the call. After thinking for a while, she couldn’t relax and decided to go to the hospital personally.
###Chapter 563: Chapter 563: I’ll Leave First, Life is More Important_1
Han Chengbei struggled free from Tang Zhou, and suddenly realized he too was locked outside by Xia Ye Zhao, he immediately stood by the bedroom door and knocked, saying: “Brother Xia, open the door and let me in, you’ve wronged me. I’m still outside.”
Xia Ye Zhao pretended not to hear him, walked over to the bedside, and continued feeding Ye Xingguang porridge.
Ye Xingguang had no appetite at all. At this moment, a WeChat notification came from her pocket. She took out her phone and glanced at it. It was from the big tumor, she didn’t want to see it, so she put her phone aside.
Ye Jun had directly made a WeChat video call, which was quickly rejected. Ye Jun was at the bedroom door, feeling helpless for a while.
Seeing the look of frustration on Han Chengbei’s usually master-planning face, Han Chengbei quickly adopted an appreciative posture.
Although both of them were locked outside, their moods were completely different. Han Chengbei was leaning against the wall, cheerful as a spring breeze.
Ye Jun couldn’t be bothered with Han Chengbei’s smug little person’s schadenfreude. He stood at the bedroom door and knocked: “Xia Ye Zhao, open the door.”
For every sentence he said, Han Chengbei would add one: “Brother Xia, never open the door for him. It’s bound to aggravate Xingguang’s condition. Emotions are really important when people are sick. My gosh, there are plenty of fish in the sea, so why obsess over one?
“Han Chengbei, are you asking for death?” Tang Zhou clenched his fist, intending to punch Han Chengbei.
Han Chengbei looked Tang Zhou up and down several times, saying: “I haven’t asked who you are yet, buddy?”
“I’m Tang Zhou! You can’t even recognize me?”
Han Chengbei sidestepped, saying: “Why is your face so messed up? There’s a rumor that you got beaten up by Leng Weixuan, and that Leng Weixuan got destroyed by Leng Chenmo. Is the rumor true? Forget it, I, Han Chengbei, never bully the wounded. I’m leaving. Oh, my gosh, take care, if you feel medicine porridge suits your taste; I’ll bring some more for you tomorrow.”
Having said that, Han Chengbei dashed off. He had seen enough of the commotion and was in high spirits at the moment.
Tang Zhou chased after him to the door: “Han Chengbei, don’t you run away if you have guts!”
Han Chengbei tossed a carefree wave to Tang Zhou.
Tang Zhou glared fiercely at Han Chengbei’s retreating figure, then turned around to find Fu Zhuo shivering at the door, not entering the room. He asked: “Buddy, what’s the matter, are you cold?”
Fu Zhuo was breaking out in cold sweat, wishing he could grease his feet and take off. If he left now, he was afraid it would be more than just cleaning the toilet, and with his heart racing, he said, “Buddy, I think I’ve messed things up again while trying to help.”
“What do you mean, what did you do?”
Fu Zhuo had heard the voices of everyone in the room just now, no one understands the root cause of the whole thing better than he does at this moment, but his legs were weak, and he didn’t dare to go in and tell Ye Jun that the mother-in-law despised him.
Fu Zhuo said: “Little Zhou. I must go into hiding. I’ll be leaving. Tell Ye Jun to restore his WeChat message history with Xingguang. Tell Ye Jun about this after I’ve run two hundred meters away. I have to go now. My life is more important.”
Tang Zhou: “?”
Tang Zhou wanted to ask more, but Fu Zhuo had already run away frantically, feeling that he must run or he wouldn’t even know how he would die.
Tang Zhou walked into the room feeling puzzled, and when he saw Fu Zhuo’s figure, he said to Ye Jun, who was standing at the room door: “Brother Ye, Fu Zhuo said to restore your WeChat message history with Xingguang.”
Ye Jun squinted his eyes, and a bad premonition rose in his heart. He didn’t ask Tang Zhou why he suggested restoring the WeChat message history. The next second, he immediately took out his phone and followed Tang Zhou’s advice, restoring all the chat history.noveldrama
###Chapter 564: Chapter 564, Tang Zhou was stunned!_1
Then, with a gloomy face, he looked through the restored chat history and discovered why his mother-in-law didn’t like him.
For instance, this conversation from the night before last:
——Are you coming to the hospital to sleep tonight? If not, I’m locking the door.
——Got some stuff to handle, I will be there later. Please don’t lock the door.
——Oh, what’s up? Where are you now?
——At the office, dealing with an emergency meeting. I will come back once it’s over.
He had absolutely no recollection of this chat conversation!
There was also this section, of which he also had no memory:
——My mom invited you to eat chopped chili fish head at our villa tonight.
——I have to work overtime tonight, I can’t make it.
No wonder his mother-in-law said that he had time to eat dinner with Yan Xi but didn’t have time to eat her home-cooked meals. So, that’s what those misunderstood words were about!
The regret and guilt swallowed Ye Junqing. His fingers clenched around his phone, and he asked Tang Zhou in a cold voice: “Where is Fu Zhuo?”
Tang Zhou had no idea what was going on. He pointed towards the door, saying: “He ran off, saying something about saving his own skin.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing: “!!!!!!!!”
Fu Zhuo had run off — how was he to explain?
Even if he had a hundred mouths, he probably wouldn’t be able to explain clearly!
Ye Junqing called Fu Zhuo. This time it wasn’t him who had blocked Fu Zhuo, but Fu Zhuo who had turned off his phone. He couldn’t get through!
Tang Zhou was still asking: “Brother Qing, what on earth is going on?”
With frustration Ye Junqing rubbed his eyebrows, explaining through the closed door: “Xingguang, I’ve sent you two screenshots. Look at them. Neither of these conversations were replied by me on WeChat. Since I’ve had some things to deal with these two days, I asked Fu Zhuo to help me reply to some messages. These two messages were sent by Fu Zhuo. I didn’t know about them. I didn’t mean to deceive you intentionally. I did indeed go to the airport to pick up Yan Xi and had dinner with her. But… I’m sorry, it’s my fault. Please open the door.”
Ye Junqing swallowed the remaining words after ‘but’, finishing with a sincere request for forgiveness.
Unfortunately, silence met his words, there was no reply from inside the room.
Ye Xingguang, sitting on her bed and eating porridge, heard Ye Junqing’s words through the door. She was about to take a look at the WeChat messages when her stomach suddenly twisted, making her feel nauseous. Unable to hold back, she pushed the bowl of porridge to the side and vomited all the porridge she had just eaten.
Xia Ye Zhao was holding tissues to wipe her mouth while pouring water for her to rinse her mouth after she finished throwing up.
Upon hearing Ye Junqing talking at the door, he felt sure that Ye Junqing must have upset her, hence she had hardly eaten before throwing up again. He couldn’t help but reprimand, “Keep silent, she is throwing up again.”
When Ye Junqing heard that she was throwing up again, he started to knock the door frantically. No one responded. Worried about ‘Little Mermaid’, he kicked the door.
There was a loud “BANG”.
The door fell down.
Even Tang Zhou was shocked!
Figuring that his image was already ruined in his mother-in-law’s eyes, Ye Junqing, at the end of his tether, kicked open the door and rushed in. Seeing Ye Xingguang vomiting by the side of the bed, his heart twisted.
He walked quickly into the bathroom, wet a clean towel, then returned to the room. When she finally stopped throwing up, he wiped her mouth with the towel.
Ye Xingguang wanted to push him away, to avoid needing his help, but she was too weak to resist. She held her chest, trying to ease the nausea, but the acid feeling surged up from her chest again. With a retching sound, she bent over the bed and started throwing up again.
Bai Lanwu heard the commotion and came out from the neighboring room. As soon as she came out, she saw that her daughter’s room door had been ruined.
###Chapter 565: Chapter 565 I! I! Aunt! It’s me! _1 
Tang Zhou stood next to Bai Lanwu, stunned for a moment, then suddenly jumped up, pointed at himself with both hands, and said, “Me! Me! Auntie! I kicked the door, it was definitely me, not Qing brother! I swear to God, if I’m lying, then let me lose twenty pounds! No, forty pounds!” 
Bai Lanwu didn’t say a word, glanced at Ye Junqing who was sitting next to her and soothing her daughter’s back, huffed, and returned to her husband’s ward. She told her husband, “Crazy violent! Kicking doors open! If he ever argues with our daughter in the future, I don’t know if she’ll be able to fend him off! This kid definitely has tendencies towards domestic violence!” 
Well at least he is still concerned about his daughter! 
Song Chuanqi also watched the video, his majestic face turned iron smooth. If he wasn’t bedridden, he would have gone out to discipline Ye Junqing. Damn kid, daring to bully his daughter; he must be tired of living! 
Song Chuanqi had Bai Lanwu give him his mobile phone and he dialed a number. How could he let this kid be so arrogant? Kicking the door open, disregarding his elders, if they let him go today, what about the future? noveldrama
Tang Zhou felt that he couldn’t deal with the situation anymore. He should withdraw. Yes, withdraw, go back to the ward and lie down. 
Ye Junqing was sitting by the bed, waiting for Ye Xingguang to stop throwing up, and after she had rinsed her mouth, he pulled out a dose of Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui from his pocket, attached a straw, “Drink this, it can help.” 
Ye Xingguang shook her head in refusal. Any sight of food or drink was repulsing to her. She feared she would vomit again. 
Ye Junqing sat at the head of the bed, letting her lean against him. His soft coaxing voice left no room for ion, “Just take a sip, trust me, drinking this will make you stop feeling nauseous.” 
When she was younger, Ye had also suffered from a few bouts of acute gastroenteritis. Rehydration drip was far less effective than a dose of Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui. Ye Junqing had figured this out from his experiences. Right after getting out of the car, he went to buy a dose of Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui from the pharmacy at the hospital entrance, before rushing to their villa. 
Xia Ye Zhao stood to the side and said, “You’re not a doctor, don’t indiscriminately administer medicine to her.” 
“What would you know, all you know is to close doors. What good is that? Can it alleviate her illness?” Ye Junqing met Xia Ye Zhao head-on, his face was not friendly. They were all obstacles in his way of love! 
The more Ye Junqing thought about it, the more upset he became. How unlucky was he to have so many incompetent teammates and a bunch of roadblocks hindering him from getting to Ye. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that Xiao Yun was the only powerful ally gifted to him by God because he saved the galaxy in his past life. 
Ye Junqing put the Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui in Ye Xingguang’s mouth, “Behave now, wait for you to get better, then I’ll accept all punishment. Drink this Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui first. It’s not worth taking out your anger on your body. Be good… I promise it’ll help.” 
Ye Xingguang was unsure whether or not to trust him. However, when she was in college, her classmates suffered from stomach discomfort, drinking Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui helped alleviate it. When one is ill, they are willing to try anything just to feel better. 
Ye Xingguang opened her mouth, and downed the whole dose of Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui. 
She didn’t know if it worked, but she didn’t want to lie in the arms of a toxic man. After finishing it, she pushed him away, went back to bed, covered herself with a blanket, turned her back to him, closed her eyes, and rested. 
Ye Junqing, watching the back of her head, asked Xia Ye Zhao, “What is her current condition? What treatments have been done?” 
“You let her drink random medicine without even knowing what’s wrong with her. Acute gastroenteritis. Recurring high fever, vomitting, and diarrhea. The doctor hasn’t given her much medication. The IV drip is mainly to replenish body fluids and antibiotics for treatment. They haven’t given her any anti-diarrheal medicines, fearing that it would prevent the toxins and bacteria from being expelled from the body in a timely manner, which could worsen her condition…” 
Xia Ye Zhao pointed to a basin on the floor and said, “Dispose of this.” 
Xia Ye Zhao already prepared a basin under the bed. Ye Xingguang had been vomiting into it earlier. If he doesn’t ask Ye Junqing to dispose of it, who will he ask? 
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. I will continue updating tomorrow. Have a happy New Year’s Eve, my sweethearts. Remember to protect yourselves and wear masks when you go out. May you all have a safe and healthy new year. Happy New Year, and kisses!]
###Chapter 566: Chapter 566: How Dare You Defend Yourself! _1 
Tang Zhou walked in, seeing Xia Ye Zhao instructing Qing Ye to dispose of the vomit, and immediately covered his nose: “Xia Ye Zhao, why aren’t you doing it? Aren’t you supposed to take care of Ye Xingguang? This kind of task is perfect for you.” 
However, before he could finish his sentence, Qing Ye had already taken the basin to the bathroom, leaving Tang Zhou dumbfounded: “…….” 
Qing Ye, why are you so obedient? How could such a dirty and tiring job be left to you? 
Ye Junqing was afraid that the smell from the vomit in the basin would be unbearable for Ye Xingguang, who was already feeling sick. So, without arguing with Xia Ye Zhao, he washed the basin, brought it back, and put it under the bed in case she vomited again. 
As Xia Ye Zhao occupied the position at the head of the bed, Ye Junqing moved to the other side. However, just as his gaze landed on the girl’s pale face, Ye Xingguang turned away from him again. 
“I didn’t lie to you.” 
Ye Xingguang covered her ears. She didn’t want to listen. Her stomach hurt, her head hurt, and her entire body felt uncomfortable. The worst pain was in her heart. 
Ye Junqing gently moved her hand away from her ear and softly explained, “I did pick up Yan Xi from the airport the night before last, but the message telling you that I was working late definitely wasn’t from me. I have nothing to hide about going to get Yan Xi, why would I lie to you?” 
Right, if he was just picking up an old friend and there was nothing to hide, why would he lie to her? noveldrama
Was she really so unreasonable? 
Ye Junqing felt frustrated: “I gave my phone to Fu Zhuo. He told you I was working late, and even deleted the messages afterward. Even the message you sent me the day before yesterday asking if I would come home for dinner was answered by him. He deleted that message afterwards too. I just found out why you are angry when I checked the conversation history. Don’t be angry anymore. There is nothing inappropriate between Yan Xi and me. Ask your brother if you don’t believe me. Yan Xi does have someone she likes, but it’s definitely not me.” 
Ye Junqing’s gaze landed on Xia Ye Zhao, hoping he could say something to prove his innocence. 
Really? 
Ye Xingguang looked at Xia Ye Zhao, but he simply replied: “I don’t know about your affairs.” 
Ye Junqing was furious: “You don’t know? You don’t know about my transparent relationship with Yan Xi even though we’ve been friends for so many years? Xia Ye Zhao, can you stop making things worse? Don’t you know who Yan Xi likes?” 
Xia Ye Zhao had figured out what was going on. 
But even though he knew that there was nothing going on between Ye Junqing and Yan Xi, Xia Ye Zhao didn’t feel like clarifying at the moment. 
This guy has a bad temper, he kicked the door open just earlier. If he explained things now, would he, as the older brother, get kicked out next? 
His sister was so sick. Xia Ye Zhao just wanted to stay by her side and make up for neglecting her all these years. 
Xia Ye Zhao sneered: “How would I know? You had time to party with Yan Xi, yet you left your sister alone and lied to her. Then when things got exposed, you blamed Fu Zhuo. Your contingency plan is just like how temp workers are always to blame when things go wrong.” 
Ye Junqing’s face turned ashen: “Xia Ye Zhao, I don’t owe you anything!” 
There was no debt, but now, Xia Ye Zhao just wanted to take care of his sister alone. He didn’t want anyone to compete with him. 
Xia Ye Zhao said: “Stepping back a little, even if it was Fu Zhuo who sent the messages, isn’t it true that you went to pick up Yan Xi in the middle of the night and dined with her? If you hadn’t been dining with Yan Xi, she wouldn’t have gone to eat hot pot, and wouldn’t be this sick now! You still have the audacity to excuse yourself!”
###Chapter 567: Chapter 567: Lie Down, No Getting Out of Bed! _1 
By now, Ye Junqin’s face was so dark that it could not be described as ferrous green anymore. Given his poor character, not only did his brother-in-law fail to support him, but he even fanned the flames. Didn’t his brother-in-law know who Yan Xi liked, and for whom she had remained single till now? 
However, Ye Junqin felt unable to counter what Xia Ye Zhao had last said. Being falsely accused was worse than being wronged, yet he found himself at a loss for words. 
Looking at the small mermaid’s pale face, he felt both heartache and indignation. Finally, he understood what it felt like to be unjustly accused. 
Did the small mermaid feel like this, blamed and misunderstood, during that night on the island? 
Ye Junqin was filled with self-reproach and helplessness. Fueled by his brother-in-law’s provocations, he was afraid that anything he said now would fall on deaf ears. 
Ye Junqin sat beside her, crossing his hands over his face, trying hard to stabilize his voice. “Don’t listen to your brother’s nonsense. Yan Xi does like someone, but it’s not me. It’s Tang Xiao, the elder brother of Xiao Zhou whom you know.” 
Ye Xingguang bit her lips, seeing him covering his face with his hands, looking like he was in unbearable pain. 
So, the truth was, he liked Yan Xi and Yan Xi liked Tang Xiao? 
So, Yan Xi was the one who broke his heart, making him wish to forget her but unable to, the fickle woman he wanted but could never have? 
Perhaps only a woman like Yan Xi could make Ye Junqin unable to forget yet unable to have her. Otherwise, she found it hard to imagine what kind of powerful woman would make Ye Junqin remember her so much yet disregard him? 
Ye Xingguang was trying to suppress her jealousy. She twitched her quilt and said, “Brother, tell him to leave. I don’t want to hear him talking.” 
This man was here just to annoy her, and he even broke her room door. How was she going to sleep at night? 
After speaking, Ye Xingguang added another sentence, “Tell him to fix the door!” 
Xia Ye Zhao was waiting for this moment. His face cold, he said, “Ye Junqin, did you hear that? Go out and call someone to fix the door.” 
Ye Junqin wished he could kill his brother-in-law now, but he wasn’t going to leave. He sat on the bed’s edge like a Buddha in meditation. He could only tuck her quilt from time to time and smooth her hair. He couldn’t do anything more. 
He couldn’t invade her body and kill all the viruses. Even if the doctor couldn’t cure her quickly, he had no ability to do it either. He placed his hand on her forehead; it was so hot that his heart ached. 
She wasn’t supposed to catch this disease. It all happened because she bumped into him and Yan Xi having dinner in a restaurant and then went to other places. Ye Junqin felt like he could stab his own heart. 
Xia Ye Zhao yelled a few more times, but seeing Ye Junqin unmoved, he clenched his fists until his knuckles turned white. He dared not utter another word, worrying that Ye Junqin might come over and beat him up. 
At that moment, Ye Xingguang felt a rumbling in her stomach. She needed to use the bathroom again. 
Lifting the blanket, she tried to get up and go to the bathroom. 
Ye Junqin asked her, “What are you trying to do?” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang hurriedly got out of bed while fuming, “Since you won’t leave, fine, I’ll go out myself.” 
Worried about her aggravating her condition, Ye Junqin said more harshly, “Stop messing around. You’re this sick and still want to go out? Lie down and don’t get out of the bed!” 
“Let go of me, don’t touch me.” 
Seeing her struggling to get down, Ye Junqin exploded, “You better stay in bed and don’t dare go anywhere!”
###Chapter 568: Chapter 568 Second Uncle, What are You Doing Here? _1 
Xia Ye Zhao, having experience in taking care of his little sister, knew that she wanted to use the restroom at this moment. Despite her refusal to admit it, he didn’t stop her from struggling to get off the bed. Instead, he said: “Ye Junqing, can’t you see? If you don’t leave, do you want to drive her out?” 
“Don’t make a fuss here!” 
Ye Junqing was irritable at the moment, seeing everyone as a thorn in his side when it came to love. noveldrama
” Why are you bullying my brother? Did he provoke you or something?” Ye Xingguang was fiercely defensive. 
Ye Junqing took a deep breath to control his anger. 
Yet Ye Xingguang still struggled to get off the bed. Ye Junqing, being stubborn and domineering, neither left nor gave her the chance to descend. Ye Xingguang’s stomach groaned embarrassingly. She pushed aside her pride, “Let me go, or I’ll soil you!” 
After saying such an indecent thing, she wished the earth would swallow her up. 
No wonder people say patients have no dignity. She felt she was a mess, bringing her down to the earth with no charm left in front of him. 
Ye Junqing paused, seeming to realise something. He bent down, one hand supporting her legs and the other around her back, lifting her up horizontally. He rapidly took her to the restroom. 
As the man held her in front of the toilet, Ye Xingguang felt even more embarrassed, and she kicked him fiercely, saying, “Get out.” 
Ye Junqing didn’t say anything, just stood tall beside her. Seeing the toilet lid was covered, he reached out to open it, and then checked if there was enough toilet paper. When he confirmed there was enough toilet paper, his tall figure walked on the carpet, exited the restroom, and then closed the door from outside. 
When the door closed, Ye Xingguang sat on the toilet, enduring the pain of diarrhea. 
She was thoroughly irritated. 
But when using the toilet, she couldn’t help but think about Ye Junqing. Could the person who messaged her really be Fu Zhuo? 
After all, Fu Zhuo always loved to prank people. 
She realised that she was really pathetic to be relieved by his words. 
At that moment, several bodyguards entered the room. They approached Ye Junqing and their rather commanding demands, “Sir, please leave. Otherwise, we will have to carry you out. Please cooperate.” 
Just as the bodyguards finished talking, Xiao Yun entered and stood next to Ye Junqing. “Sir, the security setup located outside the villa has just been taken over by others.” 
Ye Junqing stared at the dead serious bodyguards, then glared at Xiao Yun, “Who took over? Are you stupid? Just let someone overtake, and you do nothing? Am I feeding you for nothing?” 
Xiao Yun helplessly whispered to him, “Sir, the people who took over were sent by the second master. We dare not fight them, as we fear you will offend the second master.” 
“Which second master? I don’t care who he is!” 
He was extremely annoyed, not wanting to save face for anyone! 
Before Ye Junqing finished speaking, a man in his fifties entered the room. 
Seeing the door kicked down and hearing Ye Junqing’s arrogant tone, the man snorted, “Junqing, you are becoming more and more presumptuous. Even I am not in your eyes. What are you guys doing? Carry him out.” 
The man spoke with a strong and vigorous voice, and every move was filled with elegance. 
Ye Junqing glanced up, “Uncle?” 
Xiao Yun added, “It’s his people. We didn’t dare to start a conflict.” 
The man who approached was Ye Junqing’s uncle, Ye Baiqing. 
Ye Junqing was surprised, “Uncle, what are you doing here?”
###Chapter 569: Chapter 569: Uncle Qing, please! _1 
“I’m here to request you to leave.” Ye Baiqing had a peaceful smile on his face, but his tone was firm and displeasing to Ye Xingguang. He walked up to Ye Xingguang, shaking his head, “It’s your choice whether you want to leave on your own or I should have someone escort you out.” 
“Uncle, please don’t add to the chaos. My wife is ill. If I’m not with her, what would happen to her? Besides, she’s your niece-in-law.” 
Unfortunately, Ye Baiqing remained unmoved. noveldrama
Seeing that he wouldn’t leave, Ye Baiqing made a gesture. 
A few bodyguards immediately surrounded Ye Xingguang… 
An icy chill emanated from Ye Xingguang. He was ready to teach anyone who dared to cross the line a lesson. 
Observing his hostility, Ye Baiqing dropped his words with narrowed eyes, “Xingguang, if you dare to fight with the bodyguards today, you will completely lose your good impression in the eyes of your in-laws. My advice to you, leave first. I will look after your wife. She won’t escape.” 
The bodyguards once again politely gestured to Ye Xingguang. “Mr. Xingguang, please!” 
In fact, they didn’t want to actually drag Ye Xingguang out, but they couldn’t resist Ye Baiqing’s order. They could only risk being hated by Ye Xingguang in the future and persistently insist that he leave. 
Xiao Yun weighed the pros and cons, “Mr. Xingguang, I suggest that you leave first. When everyone has calmed down, it’s not too late to communicate. Initially, let’s be calm.” 
Ye Xingguang’s face darkened to its extreme. His fingers cracked. Yan Xi was ill, and he wasn’t even allowed to stay by her side anymore. It was intolerable. Now even Xiao Yun was advising him to endure! 
At that moment, Ye Xingguang felt a pulsating murderous intent rise within him, as if the whole world was against him. 
Ye Xingguang heard some noises outside, tidied herself up in the restroom, washed her hands, opened the restroom door and walked out. She saw Ye Xingguang being surrounded by several bodyguards, looking ugly but not able to show his anger. 
Seeing her come out of the restroom, Ye Xingguang said nothing more, walked over to her, and immediately picked her up. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want him to hold her. But once he held her, she could feel his warmth, and his scent, and she couldn’t help but crave for more. 
Ye Xingguang closed her eyes, not wanting to be captivated by him again. Otherwise, she would fall deeper, and once she found out that she couldn’t compete with his first love, she would only feel more heartbroken and humiliated… 
He put her down on the bed, covered her with a blanket, and then she said sadly, “You should go. Tend to your important matters. I can take care of myself… After all, I’m not that important to you.” 
Ye Xingguang’s brow furrowed and his voice sounded deep and frustrated, “What are you talking about? What do you mean by you’re not important to me? I’ve already told you that Yan Xi is not in love with me. Would you like me to call Yan Xi over to explain to you personally?” 
Upon hearing these words, Ye Xingguang felt as if her sensitive nerves had been ignited, and she erupted, “Do you really have to humiliate me? I admit that I can’t compare to the heartless brat in your heart. You can accompany her however you want. Isn’t it enough that I won’t interfere or disrupt? Why can’t you just let me save some face?” 
Was it necessary for her to end up in the same pathetic situation as the heroine in the movie that she and Qixi Night watched? 
In the movie, the heroine underwent an appendectomy but the male lead didn’t show up. Instead, his first love did. 
The male lead’s first love didn’t need to play the evil woman to cause harm. She just needed to tell the female lead the truth, just needed to mention her past relationship with the male lead, just needed to say she wouldn’t get back together with the male lead – that now it was he who wouldn’t let her go…
###Chapter 570: Chapter 570: That Didi Driver is Me!_1 
All these things are sharp enough to stab deeply into the heroine’s heart, turning her into a laughingstock. 
She now realizes that the only movie she and Ye Junqing watched together was a forewarning of bad luck. Now she can feel even more deeply what the film’s heroine must have felt… 
Just as the man’s first love in the movie tells her that she will never be with Ye Junqing, now, under the guise of work, he continues to pursue her relentlessly. How should she respond if Yan Xi were to do the same? 
Thinking about this, Ye Xingguang pulled her blanket over her head, smothering herself in it, as she loathed her inability to expel Yan Xi from his heart. She loathed why she couldn’t be the carefree rascal Ye Junqing kept in his heart… 
“Master Qing, please…” the bodyguards continued to urge him. 
“Shut up!” Ye Junqing rebuked sharply. 
Then he sat at the head of the bed, lifting the blanket to avoid her suffocation. His soothing voice was deep and magnetic, “Behave, stop being silly. Once you get better, you can make as much fuss as you want. Don’t drive me away now, do you really want to make me worry myself to death?” 
If he hadn’t said he was worried about her, it would be fine. But once he said it, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel a sour ache in her heart. noveldrama
“Worried about me? You actually don’t care about my feelings at all. You never apologize when you wronged me. You’re just chauvinistic and telling me to stay away from Li Yuyuan. I can’t even have a pure childhood friend without you being intolerant. You spend every day having fun with your first love. Have you ever thought about my feelings? You set rules for others but not for yourself, Ye Junqing, don’t be so hypocritical!” 
Ye Junqing furrowed his brows, “What first love, rascal? Don’t tell me, you think Yan Xi is the heartless rascal I mentioned?” 
“Isn’t she? She’s such a powerful woman with countless military merits, and she holds a high position. No wonder you can’t get her out of your head. But, Ye Junqing, don’t forget, you’re engaged! No matter how much you want her, respect the law. The law clearly states that infidelity is not permitted during engagement, even emotional infidelity!” 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t hold back her tears of agreivement anymore at the end of her rant. 
It’s often said that a man’s first love is the hardest to forget. She was afraid that no matter how hard she tried, she could never compare with his first love. 
That woman is the bright moon in his heart! 
Ye Junqing was torn between laughter and tears, his eyes dark, “What are you fantasizing about? Yan Xi is strong, but she’s not my type. How many times do I have to tell you that she and I are only classmates? I never liked her! She’s not the heartless rascal in my heart either!” 
“Then who is this heartless rascal in your heart?” 
“Who else could it be other than you?” 
Ye Xingguang was stunned and could hardly believe what she had heard, “Are you considering me a fool? I’ve never deceived you! You’re still fooling me around! You even said that little rascal from T City accompanied you during the college entrance exam five years ago. Have I been with you then?” 
Ye Junqing said, “Five years ago, during your college entrance exam, were you not able to get a cab in front of the People’s Hospital of T City and almost missed the exam? Imagine, was there not a rideshare driver who took you to your school so you didn’t miss your last paper?” 
Ye Xingguang thought for a moment, “So what if it was?” 
“That rideshare driver was me!” 
Ye Xingguang: “…” 
After a moment, Ye Xingguang said, “What nonsense are you talking about, it’s getting more and more exaggerated!” 
“I’ll ask you, after you finished the last exam, were you planning to take a cab back to the hospital? Did you encounter the same rideshare driver? Did he ask you how the exam went, and did you tell him, ‘I don’t know, the result is in the hands of fate’?” 
[An Yin: Happy New Year to everyone]
###Chapter 571: Chapter 571: Ye Junqing, Keep Yourself in Check_1 
“Is that so? I forgot.” 
Ye Junqing: “…” 
Ye Junqing’s breath hitched, “How could you forget something so important?” 
Ye Xingguang replied, “It was just a conversation with a Didi driver. Why should I remember it? And why were you pretending to be the Didi driver and spying on me? What do you want to do?” 
Looking down at her, Ye Junqing said, “I was worried that you would miss your exam. I didn’t want you to miss out on a good university because people would say you lack education. So, I followed you from the first exam to the last!” 
Ye Xingguang was shocked. Could it really be true? 
However, remembering something, Ye Xingguang forced herself not to be fooled by him. This man was very good at telling stories, “Stop lying to me. The last time I washed my hair, you massaged my scalp. I asked why you were so good at it, and you said it was because some heartless brat liked it, so you learned how to do it. We had no connection, you never massaged my head. Stop making up stories!” 
Ye Junqing wished he could slap himself. Why did he always mention the heartless brat? He had dug this hole for himself and now no matter how he tried to explain, it wouldn’t be clear! 
Seeing that he had nothing to say, Ye Xingguang mocked, “Can’t make up any more stories, can you? You think I’m some naive girl who can be easily moved by a few lines, Ye Junqing. Do you think I’m just some brainless girl?” 
It’s not you who’s brainless, it’s me! 
Why would I make up a first love in an attempt to make her jealous? 
Only now that she’s actually jealous do I realize what it means to burn your own bridges! 
Unable to defend himself, Ye Junqing, with one hand propped behind her head and the other cradling her face, started to take action to show her who truly matters to him… 
However, Ye Xingguang would not let him. She dodged him while the tears she had been holding back began to spill. 
She realized that she was really helpless. It was clear that she was not the one he cared about, yet she found it hard to let go and walk away. When she overheard her mother on the phone talking about cancellation of the marriage arrangement, she felt all at sea. 
She never felt this way when she broke up with Yun Chen in the past. 
They are all jerks. Why couldn’t she be as nonchalant as the last time? 
Ye Xingguang was frustrated. His breath kept brushing against her lips, the worst part was that she found herself not wanting to resist. His lips were like magic, once they touched hers, she was utterly lost, as if she had been sucked into a black hole, unable to pull herself out. She was truly becoming more and more shameless… 
Ye Xingguang was very vexed. There were so many people in the room watching, wasn’t he embarrassed? Did she have no shame left? 
“Ye Junqing, you jerk, stop bullying me, bro…” 
Unable to resist his charm, Ye Xingguang could only beg for help. 
Upon hearing her plea, Xia Ye Zhao wanted to pull Ye Junqing away, but as a man, he knew that if he did, Ye Junqing would probably punch him. So, he just verbally intervened: “Ye Junqing, restrain yourself. She is still sick, don’t pass your germ to her mouth!” 
Where did he get germs from his mouth? 
Xia Ye Zhao added,” Stop grossing her out. If it goes on, she’ll vomit.” noveldrama
Ye Junqing: “!!!” How did he gross her out?
###Chapter 572: Chapter 572: Can Uncle Do This?!_1 
Perhaps the moment that Ye Junqing felt the deepest aggrieved hardship in his life was now. Afraid that she would get upset and feel nauseous, Ye Junqing swallowed the anger that was bubbling inside him. 
He raised his hand, his eyes injured, staring at her, “I can’t explain it to you right now. A hundred words won’t be enough. Rest now, I’ll be back soon.” noveldrama
Having said that, Ye Junqing took it upon himself to leave, saving his uncle the trouble of having the bodyguards carry him out. 
Yet, Ye Junqing did not leave. Instead, he went to the adjacent hospital room to visit his father-and mother-in-law. 
Before leaving the room, upon seeing the broken door pushed aside, he left a command for Xiao Yun, “Fix the door.” 
After Ye Junqing left, his presence that permeated the room vanished like smoke. Ye Xingguang wiped the corner of her lips, confused and irritated. Did he really mean what he said? That it wasn’t Yan Xi, but her? But how could that be? 
What a jerk! Despite being a scoundrel, he dared to accuse her of being in the wrong. The audacity of him! He was the scoundrel, through and through! 
Ye Xingguang closed her eyes, not wanting to think about this detestable man. The high fever muddled her thoughts, preventing her from thinking straight. She thought she might not be able to fall asleep, but the moment she closed her eyes, she fell into slumber. 
During this time, Xiao Yun had the door repaired. 
Just after the door was fixed, Xiao Yun was ushered out by Ye Baiqing’s bodyguards. 
Therefore, Xiao Yun had to order his men to retreat. However, he couldn’t help but wonder why this Young Master Ye was meddling in this situation – and instead of helping his nephew, he was trying to drive him away? 
Ye Junqing was also lost. Was he not his nephew?!?! 
He pleaded with his father-in-law inside the sickroom. Please let him stay and take care of Xiaoyeweiyi. His uncle could remain silent, but he instead pointed at several bodyguards stationed behind him, waiting for his father-in-law’s command to have him carried out!!! 
Could his uncle do this?!?! 
Finally, he managed to negotiate for the chance to check in on her every hour for five minutes. Then, his uncle ruthlessly drove him out!!! 
Bai Peiluan arrived carrying freshly cooked soup and found her son standing gloomily outside the villa, making a phone call. 
After Bai Peiluan checked on her daughter-in-law and found that she was sleeping, she came out and reported the situation to her son. 
As soon as Ye Junqing ended the call, he asked, “Has her fever subsided yet?” 
Bai Peiluan answered sternly, “She’s still feverish. Boy, what on earth did you do? Come clean to me now!” 
Ye Junqing, feeling wronged than Dou E, replied, “I didn’t do anything!” 
Added by grumbling, “The whole world is against me!” 
However, being wronged didn’t feel good. In the earlier days when Xiaoyeweiyi had been wronged by him and he had refused to apologize, he had grown to feel more guilty. He didn’t feel like defending himself and stayed silent. 
Xiao Yun drove a car to him. Ye Junqing hopped into the car, closed his eyes to rest, and set an alarm. 
His father-in-law agreed to let him visit her for five minutes every hour. As soon as the alarm went off, he got out of the car and rushed in. He found Xia Ye Zhao sitting on the bedside, reading a book leisurely. Ye Junqing felt a mix of envy and frustration. Even his cousin wasn’t a good person. They served to be in love with a woman who now had become his wife, Ye Junqing thought maliciously. 
Ye Xingguang was sleeping. Ye Junqing felt her forehead with his hand; she was still feverish. That sight tugged at his heartstrings.
###Chapter 573: Chapter 573: The Whole City issued a Warrant for Fu Zhuo!_1 noveldrama
Ye Jun Qing sat by her side, his deep-set eyes stared at her thin face. He felt that it was less than a minute before a bodyguard came in insisting, “Master Qing, five minutes have passed, please leave the room.” 
Looking at Xia Ye Zhao, who was still leisurely flipping through a book by her side, Ye Jun Qing’s feelings rose above mere jealousy. He now bore a grudge against his brother-in-law, and there was no future for their plastic friendship! 
Ye Jun Qing, with a pace that declared a total break-up, left the room. Returning to his car, his face was as gloomy as the prelude to a storm. 
Xiao Yun stood outside the car, wanting to laugh but fearing that he would frown, could only quietly advise, “Master Qing, Mr. Song is willing to let you visit for five minutes every hour, it shows that they still want to give you a chance, and they want you to learn the value of cherishing these five minutes.” 
Ye Jun Qing was silent. He certainly understood his father-in-law’s good intentions, but thinking about how he could only stay outside, while Xia Ye Zhao could sit by her side, made his heart extremely unbalanced! 
“Put out an all-city search for Fu Zhuo, bring him to me!” 
Xiao Yun said, “Fu Zhuo is at the hospital’s front door, not too far away. I’ll call him. But even if Fu Zhuo comes to explain, if Miss Ye’s parents don’t believe it, it will be useless. They will think that you’re trying to let others take the blame.” 
This is why Ye Jun Qing didn’t explain himself in front of his father-in-law. No matter how he explained it now, it would seem like an attempt to cover up! 
Xiao Yun said, “Master Qing, I got a complete surveillance video from the restaurant where you had dinner. It can prove that that night, it was not just you and the Iron Lady having dinner, this video could prove something. I sent it to your cell phone.” 
Ye Jun Qing nodded. 
After Xiao Yun sent the video to his phone, Ye Jun Qing then sent the video to his mother’s phone. 
Bai Peiluan was in the living room talking to Bai Lanwu, afraid to plead for her son. In front of Bai Lanwu, she criticized her son from beginning to end. When she saw the video sent from her son, she immediately showed it to Bai Lanwu. 
“Brother, it is my fault for not disciplining my son properly. But Ye Jun Qing was not having dinner alone with the Xiao girl that night. After you and Starlight left, two more people arrived, they were four classmates having a meal together.” 
After Bai Lanwu finished watching the complete video, his face indeed became much better. But he said, “They had time for classmate gatherings and no time to eat the chopped pepper fish head I made? If they have no time, they have no time, why lie to me about having overtime?” 
Bai Peiluan said, “I have also asked about this. The message was not replied by Jun Qing but by his personal assistant, who is my godson Fu Zhuo, who is a bit silly.” 
Bai Lanwu didn’t think that someone who could be Ye Jun Qing’s assistant was foolish: “What, did Xiao Ye’s assistant think that Xiao Ye and that girl have an ambiguous relationship, so he was afraid that we would misunderstand, and deliberately lied for goodwill?” 
Bai Peiluan: “That’s definitely not the case.” 
Bai Lanwu: “Then why lie? They have normal social interactions, and they lied to my daughter for what? Making her misunderstand, and she had to leave the restaurant to eat hotpot, which caused her to fall sick and lie in bed for two days with a recurring fever! Thank God we are here. If we were not, she would have died from high fever without anyone enquiring.” 
Anyway, Bai Lanwu was angry, heartbroken for his daughter, his own beloved child that had been brought up carefully by him. How could he not be upset that she was sick?
###Chapter 574: Chapter 574: He Wants to Steal Your Son’s Thunder!_1 
Bai Peiluan didn’t want to explain to her son either, and started to scold again: “What a scoundrel, he’s nothing like his brother; such a worry-free kid. I’ll have his father beat him when he gets back, it’s really unacceptable. Ye Xingguang has been sick for two days, no one told him, and he didn’t take the initiative to find out; what a scoundrel…” 
“Alright, stop scolding him. I don’t blame him for not knowing about Ye Xingguang’s illness. But he?! How can he give such a personal thing like a phone to an assistant to manage? In the future when my daughter sends him a message, will she be talking to him or his assistant? 
After speaking, Bai Lanwu got up and went to the kitchen. It was almost dark, and she had to prepare some porridge. 
Her daughter couldn’t eat, but her husband had to. The whole family had fallen ill apart from her; Bai Lanwu was really in a terrible mood. 
Bai Peiluan followed into the kitchen to help, and while helping, she remembered to chat: “Sister, have you ever thought about returning to the Bai family over the years? Father should miss you very much. Your brother-in-law is not healthy now, living in seclusion on a remote island with him is not the solution. Moreover, the medical condition on the island can’t be compared with the cities. I believe that after so many years, our father must have accepted the situation. noveldrama
Bai Lanwu said: “The environment on the island is pretty good and the medical conditions are not as bad as you think, suitable for health preservation. When you and your brother-in-law have free time, you can visit the island. As for the betrothal, we will discuss that later.” 
“Actually, I really like Ye Xingguang. This kid and my scoundrel son are really destined to meet from miles away. There are so many single people in this country. How did my son pop up on Ye Xingguang’s radar? It’s like a one in a million chance, so fated.” 
Bai Lanwu didn’t think they were so fated. Her daughter’s qualifications were right there. In this country, the number of young talents who could match her daughter were few. For Xia Ye’s child to pop up was probably a one in ten possibility. What kind of fate was this? 
Another pleasant ringtone rang out. Ye Junliang, who was dealing with emails in the car to pass time, heard his phone’s alarm and immediately opened the car door, got out of it, and walked quickly into the ward. 
Ye Xingguang was still asleep and hadn’t woken up. He sat by the bed, guarding it for five minutes before his bodyguard came in to ask him to leave. 
After an infuriated Ye Junqing left, Xia Ye Zhao could barely contain her laughter. 
When Bai Lanwu finished cooking, she came in and called Xia Ye Zhao to eat: “Xia Ye, come and eat dinner now.” 
“Okay.” Xia Ye Zhao put the book by her bed and gently left the room. 
But while Xia Ye has a meal, Ye Junqing has none. He’s sitting in his car with no one calling him for dinner. 
Bai Peiluan didn’t leave until eight-thirty in the evening. After leaving the hospital, she secretly bought five buns for her son at the hospital gate, encouraging him: “You fill your stomach first. I’m leaving.” 
Having dealt with all emails in his car and with the buns his mother gave him placed aside, Ye Junqing had no appetite left to eat them. 
Annoyed! 
As Bai Peiluan was leaving, Ye Junqing casually said: “Mom, when you get back, ask my father if the second uncle is truly related to him. I strongly suspect that the second uncle was adopted and doesn’t consider me his nephew.” 
“What are you talking about? I asked. Your second uncle and Ye Xingguang’s father are old friends. Your second uncle recognizes Ye Xingguang’s father as his sworn brother. You should behave well, don’t give me any more trouble. I’m leaving, you can sleep in the car tonight and don’t come back home. Even if you do, I won’t let you in!” 
[An Yi: It’s the second day of the Chinese New Year, anyone staying at home, we can still continue to be friends]
###Chapter 575: Chapter 575: Realizing Ye Junqing is not there, slightly disappointed_1
Ye Junqing had no intention of going home either. With Xiaoyuwei so ill, how could he muster the heart to leave? However, the elders were not allowing him to enter. To act recklessly would be disrespectful, a label he did not want applied to him.
Bai Peiluan could see that her son’s heart was fully invested in the girl inside. He longed to enter the room yet was resisting all urges. Given his temper, Bai Peiluan was amazed that he hadn’t rushed in already, especially considering there was someone else watching over his wife inside the sickroom.
Bai Peiluan was unaware of the sibling relationship between Xia Ye Zhao and Ye Xingguang, and thus, she felt a little uncomfortable.noveldrama
“What’s with Xia? Haven’t there been rumors about him and Ye Xingguang on the internet? Doesn’t he know he should distance himself a bit, always staying by Xiaoyuwei’s bedside? If you don’t step up, my daughter-in-law will become someone else’s. You should be more proactive,” she advised.
Ye Junqing was already irritated thinking about Xia Ye Zhao, but he didn’t want his mother to misunderstand any further: “Xia treats her like his sister, not the way you’re imagining. She isn’t something to worry about either. I already have enough misunderstandings to deal with here,” he reassured her.
“Oh, alright, that’s a relief.”
With her son’s explanation, Bai Peiluan abandoned her previous assumptions.
She shot her son a disapproving glance and departed.
Late into the night, Ye Xingguang woke up. Only a small lamp was lit by the bedside. Xia Ye Zhao was reading nearby. When he heard her stir, he poured her a glass of water. After drinking the water, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but look around, feeling slightly let down upon noticing Ye Junqing was absent.
“He’s outside the villa. Your father only allows him to visit you for five minutes per hour. He should still be waiting in his car outside. Do you want to see him?” Xia Ye Zhao read her thoughts.
“Not at all,” Ye Xingguang responded sarcastically.
“Then let him stay outside.”
Ye Xingguang, having slept enough and sitting by the bed, poured out her mixed feelings: “Brother, does Yan Xi really like Tang Xiao?”
Xia Ye Zhao replied, “Yeah. Although Tang Xiao is adopted by the Ye’s family, he comes from a humble background. Yan’s family patriarch wasn’t fond of him, which is why they never became serious. But now that Ye Shiting is about to succeed the Ye’s family, Tang Xiao has secured his position as the President’s first chief of staff. Should Yan Xi accept Ye Shiting’s offer to become the Minister of Defense, they will have many intersecting points in their work life.”
Ye Xingguang wondered, “The position of the chief of staff is already quite high. The President’s chief of staff has always been regarded as the second most powerful person. Yan’s family should be able to accept Tang Xiao now, right? So they might end up together in the future, right?”
Xia Ye Zhao laughed, “Why, worried that Yan Xi would not be able to get married, and come back to compete with you for Ye Junqing?”
Ye Xingguang was embarrassed, “I’m not thinking that. Ye Junqing himself said that Yan Xi isn’t his first love.”
“I thought you didn’t believe him.”
Ye Xingguang remained silent and played with her hair; it wasn’t that she didn’t believe him. There had always been a unsettling question in her heart: who was the heartless little devil that Ye Junqing often mentioned?
This led her to imagine all sorts of scenarios uncontrollably, associating all the women around with him. He had no shortage of women in his life, and now there was an iron lady who had been his classmate from primary school to high school which left her thoughts running wild.
Ye Xingguang was feeling confused and anxious. If it wasn’t Yan Xi, then who was Ye Junqing’s first love?
The deafening ringtone of her phone interrupted her thoughts. It was her alarm. Upon hearing it, Ye Junqing pushed open the door and entered.
###Chapter 576: Chapter 576 Do you believe in me?_1
Xia Ye Zhao checked the time, already half past ten at night. He got up and said to the incoming Ye Jun Qing, “I’m going to sleep in the living room, you’ll take over midnight watch.”
Ye Jun Qing couldn’t believe his brother-in-law still had some conscience. After Xia Ye Zhao left, he immediately locked the door, sat down by the bed, and was about to touch her forehead to see if her fever had dropped, but was stopped by Ye Xingguang.
“Still mad? How many times do I have to tell you that there’s nothing between Yan Xi and me before you’ll believe it?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t say anything, but her stomach made a grumbling noise.
“Hungry? What do you want to eat?”
“I don’t want anything, I’ll just throw it up.”
Ye Xingguang picked up the remote on the bedside table and turned on the TV, flipping through the channels. After some searching, she found a drama that looked somewhat interesting. She sat on the bed, passing the time by watching TV.
Ye Jun Qing didn’t force her to eat and took off his shoes to get into bed.
Seeing his actions, Ye Xingguang asked, “What are you doing?”
Ye Jun Qing didn’t reply, sat next to her and pulled her into his arms. Ye Xingguang struggled a bit, but he lowered his voice, “Nothing, just watching TV with you. You’re so sick, what else could I do? It’s gotten colder today, come to bed where it’s warm.”
He was warm, but when he slipped under the covers, it brought a wave of cold, chilling her.
Ye Xingguang snorted, what a dog man!
However, she didn’t kick him out of bed. She just didn’t want to deal with him. She focused her beautiful eyes on the TV screen, the leading man in the drama was pretty good-looking, and the acting was top-notch. She quickly got immersed in the plot.
Outside the door, a bodyguard knocked: “Master Qing, time’s up.”
“What time is up?” Ye Xingguang was curious.noveldrama
Ye Jun Qing was agitated: “Your father, my father-in-law, only allows me to be in here for five minutes every hour!”
They say it’s better to dismantle a temple than destroy a marriage, yet he was so subservient that he only obeyed her uncle’s orders. Once this matter was over, he’d settle the score with him for daring to kick him out!
Ye Xingguang paused, stifling a laugh, snorted “Since my dad said so, you should just leave. Don’t make my bed any colder.”
Unfortunately, Ye Jun Qing turned a deaf ear. He had locked the door behind him and was already in bed, finally holding her in his arms. Did she really think he would easily leave at this point?
“I apologize, I won’t jump to conclusions anymore, and I won’t accuse you of cheating. Can that work?” Ye Junqing turned her face to look at him, his tone serious. “Now I finally understand how it feels to be falsely accused, I’m going to remember this lesson. Unless there is undeniable evidence, I won’t suspect you of anything with Li Yu, even if you two are together all the time, I’d still believe that nothing is going on between you two. Can you accept that?”
At his words, Ye Xingguang looked away in annoyance; “There was never anything between Li Yu and me, and you still doubted me!”
“Then believe me, there’s nothing between Yan Xi and me, can you trust me this time?”
She tried to look away, but he didn’t allow it, staring into her eyes and leaning in to kiss her. She refused, knocked his hand away, pushed him away and lay down with her back to him, not speaking.
Ye Jun Qing laid down as well, held her from behind and whispered in her ear, “If I told you that the sly, heartless little brat I kept mentioning is actually you, would you believe me?”
“I don’t believe you.” Her reply was very firm.
###Chapter 577: Chapter 577: Is it Because You’ve Created a Wrong Character Setting? _1
Ye Junqing has dug his own grave, and is now unable to climb out of the hole he’s made for himself. He has only himself to blame. “Let me tell you a story,” he stated.
“I don’t want to hear it.”
Regardless of her refusal, Ye Junqing began narrating, a deep seriousness in his voice as he discussed past events: “What if I said to you, I am a time traveler. I got emotional and suddenly returned from my 29-year-old self to my 23-year-old self, living my life over again, would you believe me?”
Ye Xingguang bit her lip, remaining silent.
Ye Junqing continued: “In my first life, you did not get into C University because you missed the final exam during the college entrance examination, so you could only attend a third-tier college. By chance, my fleet passed by the entrance to your college, and I recognized you. I wanted to court you, but you did not like me. I tried all the known methods to win a girl’s heart, to no avail. I had no choice, I took you home forcefully and kept you there. I was a little assertive, I even had my driver take you to and from school each day. I tried to keep you in my world forcefully, but this did not capture your heart, instead, it pushed you further away from me…”
Ye Xingguang interrupted: “How is that possible? If I did not like you, how could I have allowed you to keep me forcefully? I would have been able to kick your bodyguards away with one foot. Do you think I would let you have your way with me? Don’t you think through your stories first? Do you think I, someone who can easily beat up the Xia’s Family bodyguards, would let you do as you please with me?”
Ye Junqing’s handsome eyebrows furrowed: “Can you please listen quietly to the story?”
“So, despite your false character portrayal, I am not allowed to rebut?” Ye Xingguang huffed.
Ye Junqing pulled her tighter into his arms: “In any case, I did keep you against your will for seven years. But while I had your body, your heart was not confined. It mattered not what I did to please you, your heart remained cold. We often fought and it always ended in mutual defeat, both physically and emotionally drained. Only by letting each other go could we find relief. Hence, I chose to let you go, to disappear from your life, to forget you in order to save us both. Otherwise, I fear you, who is dewelling under my coercion, might end up in depression and die. In the end, Li Yu took you away from me. Supposedly, you two even got married later. That is the story of the heartless little rascals I speak of.”
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes and pushed him away forcefully: “Your story is full of holes! In seven years! If I didn’t like you, you wouldn’t be able to keep me for seven months, let alone seven years! Even if I agreed, my parents would never consent. Think of another story, something logical and infallible, at least one that doesn’t seem so fake when I listen!”
Really, did he think she was stupid? He can’t even make her an interesting story!
And as for her getting married to Li Yu, she had no feelings for him outside of friendship. How could they possibly marry?!noveldrama
This man refused to tell her who her first love was and unnecessarily portrayed her as a bad woman. It’s outrageous!
If she really disliked him, if their relationship resulted in mutual defeat, she would have regretted starting anything with him and avoided him from the beginning. Could she really not resist him for seven years, having to wait until he decided to let go on his own? He really underestimated her!
Ye Xingguang was not trying to send Ye Junqing away in earnest, but hearing the lies from his mouth, she grew angry and lifted her leg to kick him: “Get out, or I’ll call my parents. I’m calling them…. aaah…”
###Chapter 578: Chapter 578 Big Brother Said Once and She Felt Particularly Steady_1 
Ye Junqing cupped her head, sealing her mouth with his. Ye Xingguang pushed him away, “Stop… I might vomit again.” 
Seeing that Ye Junqing wasn’t listening, she cautioned, “Be careful, or I might vomit into your mouth.” 
Only then did Ye Junqing release her, his dark eyes reflecting profound hurt as he stared intensely at her. The intensity of his gaze somehow softened her heart. Annoyed, she changed the subject, “Have you taken a shower tonight? You came up on my bed. I’ve already been poisoned; don’t bring new viruses to me and make me even sicker.” 
In the next instant, Ye Junqing kicked off the quilt and got off the bed, trying not to let the warmth of the quilt escape. He took out his sleepwear from the closet, not saying a word and headed to the bathroom for a shower. 
He washed from head to toe, striving to wash away all possible germs and viruses on his body. Upon his return, he got back into bed, took her into his arms and shot her a glance as if telling her: I’ve taken a shower, so I’m free of viruses now! 
Ye Xingguang pouted and said nothing. She was browsing her Weibo feed. 
The people on Weibo were calling her a coward. They claimed that Ye Junqing didn’t really like her, but she had plunged herself into the delusion that he did. Her public exposure was imminent, and the suggestions to stop respecting the “Carp Girl” were also getting louder. 
Ye Junqing saw the comments ridiculing and mocking her. His brows furrowed, realizing that the whole world seemed to be against him. 
Fortunately, there were many netizens defending her, even cursing him online. Seeing those comments cursing him, Ye Junqing breathed a sigh of relief, encouraging them to keep going. This kind of public opinion battle seemed justified to him. 
But Ye Xingguang couldn’t stand it. Whether they were calling her a coward or him a scumbag, it all seemed unbearably annoying to her. 
She wanted to browse something cheerful, but today was Xia Yanyan’s birthday. Apart from posts insulting her and calling him a bad guy, all other posts were celebrating Xia Yanyan’s birthday. 
Everyone was guessing whose name Xia Yanyan had put on the marriage proposal she’d submitted to the country. Ye Xingguang didn’t want to see this and tossed her phone aside, annoyed. She wondered who the unlucky guy was this time. 
The matter would be announced at the President’s inauguration. Wasn’t that essentially stealing the limelight from the President on his inauguration day? 
Xia Yanyan was a national treasure, and the President couldn’t refuse such a request. Ye Xingguang felt sympathetic for Ye Shiting. 
Just then, her phone, which she had thrown to the side, rang. She picked it up and was surprised to see that it was Ye Shiting. 
Unsure of what he wanted, Ye Xingguang answered the call, “Big Brother.” noveldrama
“Sister, are you feeling better?” Ye Shiting’s voice was deep and steady. 
“Mm.” I feel alright now. 
Ye Shiting expressed some concern for her and then explained his reason for calling, “I’m aware of what happened today. His contact with Yan Xi was my idea, not his. Are you willing to believe me?” 
“Mm.” For some reason, no matter how many times Ye Junqing said it, she felt repulsed, but when her brother said it, she felt incredibly reassured. 
Ye Shiting’s voice was even more comforting than Ye Junqing’s, “Then, rest well. I’ll send an invitation for the inauguration banquet in a few days. I hope you, along with Uncle and Auntie, will attend the banquet. If Uncle can’t come because of his health, please send him my regards.” 
After saying this, Ye Shiting added, “Dress nicely. If you don’t have a formal dress, ask Junqing to get one for you. Is Junqing taking care of you by your bedside?” 
[Author’s note: Today is free reading day]
###Chapter 579: Chapter 579: You can only be mine!_1 
Ye Xingguang sneaked a look at the man on the bed who held her arrogantly, before she could speak, Ye Junqing took the words out of her mouth: “I’m not by the bed, I’m on it.” 
Ye Xingguang’s heart jumped nervously, she wished she could shut his mouth. Ye Shiting’s indifferent voice came from the phone: “Stop beating around the bush, take care of your little sister properly, or I’ll kick you out.” 
“I will, if she gives me a chance.” Before his elder brother, Ye Junqing couldn’t help but feel a bit aggrieved. 
Ye Shiting detected his frustration and laughed, throwing two words at him: “Serves you right.” noveldrama
Then, he ruthlessly hung up the phone. 
It did serve him right, Ye Junqing added in his heart, but still wanted to argue for a stay of execution: “Since our brother explained it in the call, shouldn’t I be believed?” 
“Believe what? Believe the hole-ridden story you made up to deceive me? Am I your stupid little idiot, who you wish to forget but can’t? If you want to forget that badly, why not eat a regret pill and avoid me. Oh, I should be the one eating the regret pill since I’m the one who selected you. I shouldn’t have let the system choose for me, I should’ve chosen Lin Hanfeng, maybe there would’ve been a perfect match.” 
“How dare you!” Ye Junqing’s heart shook, his tone abruptly increasing. 
“What wouldn’t I dare to…” 
Before Ye Xingguang could finish her sentence, she felt a cold-as-ice glance heavily glaring at her. It felt like if she dared to take the regret pill and go to Lin Hanfeng, he would ruin both of them. 
Although his gaze was intimidating, somehow it didn’t make her angry, instead, she found it comfortable. 
Was this aggressive act a manifestation of his manliness, or his unwillingness to miss a good chance with her? 
Her tone gradually softened: “I’m still sick, why are you yelling at me again?” 
Ye Junqing, who wished to devour her, suddenly softened his gaze. Part of him wanted to warn her yet he couldn’t bear it. He tightly held her even tighter, as if not holding her enough, she would really eat the regret pill and leave him. 
Ye Junqing uttered in a low, hoarse voice: “Do you have to torture me like this? If you dare to eat the regret pill, I’ll… I’ll have Lin Hanfeng killed right now!” 
Ye Junqing really pulled out his phone, intending to call his men. Ye Xingguang flinched, was this man really one to act on his words? 
She hurriedly grabbed his phone and said: “I was just messing around, what are you doing? Besides, I don’t have a regret pill. Didn’t I tell you, there was only one regret pill, once used, it’s gone. You need to relax.” 
“You’re not even allowed to joke like that, you’re only mine!” Ye Junqing’s voice was dominating and relentless. 
However, it didn’t disgust her when landing on her ears. 
His forceful embrace made her feel valued. Ye Xingguang abused herself with no backbone, but for some reason, she was still enjoying it. 
Ye Xingguang was bothered yet craving. 
At last, she fell asleep in his tight embrace. 
But Ye Junqing dared not sleep, fearing she might have a fever again without him knowing. His deep eyes stared at her ill and pale face. It was a peaceful night, yet he couldn’t help thinking about her annoying words. 
Although annoying, they were reasonable. 
He wondered, why did the girl he had controlled for seven years never take the initiative to change her own fate?
###Chapter 580: Chapter 580: What if the daughter-in-law really runs away?_1 
He knew she had a regret pill. If she regretted meeting him, a single regret pill might change her fate. Then why for a whole seven years, would she rather be trapped by him, prefer to fight fiery battles with him, even choose to shed tears than consider changing? 
Could it be, that she actually liked him, and thus wasn’t willing to truly leave him? 
That can’t be right either. If she liked him, why was she resisting him so much, and in the end begging him to let her go and leaving with Li Yu? 
The more Ye Junqing thought about it, the more he felt that this girl’s statement about having a wrong character setup seemed quite reasonable? 
Why was the character setup wrong? noveldrama
He thought about it all night but still couldn’t figure it out. 
—- 
Three days later, Ye Xingguang’s condition was showing signs of improvement, but she lost a solid five kilograms! 
Xiao Mihu brought her fruits for the visit, not knowing whether to sympathize with her or to envy her. A whole five kilograms, she also wanted to lose that much. In the end, she couldn’t resist asking which hotpot restaurant gave her acute gastroenteritis, she also wanted to try! 
Ye Xingguang gave her a sidelong glance. 
Xiao Mihu touched the flesh on her stomach, no, she still wanted to go for it, nobody was going to stop her! 
Ye Xingguang had recovered from her illness, Ye Junqing finally got in the mood to go to work. At work, he didn’t forget to call his mother to make chicken soup for his wife in the hospital. 
Bai Peiluan asked on the phone, “Does Xingguang have an appetite now? Does she want to eat?” 
Ye Junqing mentioned the mother hens that his mother had been raising on the farm for five years. Without a word, Bai Peiluan ordered someone to kill a chicken and make soup. 
After the soup was ready, she personally took him to the hospital. 
Glancing at the chicken soup, Xiao Mihu couldn’t resist salivating. But then she said, “Aunt Bai, nowadays all the chickens are raised with feed and they aren’t actually nutritious. They also have a lot of hormones. It’s better for sick people not to eat them. So, I’ll help Xingguang with it, OK?” 
Bai Peiluan scorned Xiao Mihu, “Nonsense, you need to lose weight, girl, otherwise, Mo Fei will start to dislike you.” 
“Aunt Bai, accusing me like this will hurt my feelings. You have to give me a bowl to comfort my wounded little spirit.” Xiao Mihu couldn’t accept it since Mo Fei said she felt nice to touch. 
Bai Peiluan was busy scooping up the chicken soup, seeing Xiao Mihu trying to snatch it, she knocked her hand away, “Let Xingguang drink more, then I’ll give you some.” 
“Auntie, you’re being unfairly partial.” Xiao Mihu pouted. 
Bai Peiluan remained unmoved and only graciously offered it to her daughter-in-law, “Xingguang, here, have a bowl. Don’t listen to this silly girl’s nonsense. These hens are not feed-raised market chickens. I raised them myself and have kept them for several years, unwilling to slaughter them.” 
Ye Xingguang was sitting on the living room sofa watching TV, surprised, “Mom, you’re raising chickens?” 
“Indeed, the farm is so big, leaving it empty is simply a waste. Keeping a few chickens can also naturally get rid of pests. Be careful it’s hot. I originally planned to slaughter it to help your sister-in-law regain her health after giving birth to her second child. But this child has no intention of having a second child, so I just had to continue raising them. Today Junqing insisted that I kill it to make you some soup. Although this child is a bit of a scoundrel, he knows how to care for you. Try it and see if it’s good.” 
Ye Xingguang held the chicken soup, “Thank you, Mom.” 
As long as Xingguang was still willing to call her mother, Bai Peiluan felt secure. What if her daughter-in-law really ran away? 
Watching Ye Xingguang take a couple of sips, “How is it, is it good?” 
“It’s delicious.” 
“If it’s good, drink more. I’ll have someone continue to kill chickens for you to make soup tomorrow. There are dozens of five-year-old mother hens at home, so you can have as much as you want.” To get her daughter-in-law to marry into the family, Bai Peiluan had decided that the sacrifice of the chickens was worth it.
###Chapter 581: Chapter 581: Gold Medal Composer, Xia Qiongqiong_1
Ye Xingguang drank two bowls, the rest was all snapped up by Xiao Mi Hu.
After drinking till she belched, Xiao Mi Hu patted her stomach satisfactorily, “It was simply delicious. There’s something special about a chicken raised for five years. I decide to come for chicken soup every day from now on. As for losing five pounds, this great goal can wait until I am well-fed.”
After wiping her mouth, Xiao Mi Hu saw that Ye Xingguang had opened the music chart on her phone and was listening to the songs. She excitedly shrieked, “Soulmate, do you also like listening to Ling Han’s music? I must recommend this to you. The songs in Ling Han’s new album are extremely beautiful.”
“Really?”
“Absolutely, I’m not lying to you. Her new album has been released for less than a week and it’s already climbed the music charts. Everyone around me says it’s fantastic. Ling Han is definitely going to be a hit this time, even the mysterious composer of her new album, Xia Qiongqiong, is gaining fame. Everyone wants to know who Xia Qiongqiong is!”
“Xia Qiongqiong is my best friend.” Ye Xingguang casually stated.
“What?” Xiao Mi Hu almost jumped up in excitement, seized Ye Xingguang’s arm and said, “I want Xia Qiongqiong’s autograph and a photo with her too.”
“I can’t do that, Xia Qiongqiong has already…” Initially, she wanted to say that Xia Qiongqiong had passed away, but she’d just recovered from an illness and didn’t want to say anything inauspicious.
“What happened to Xia Qiongqiong?”
“Nothing really.”
“Ah, soulmate, don’t be such a killjoy. You have no idea. Xia Qiongqiong’s music has pushed Ling Han’s new song above Xia Yanyan’s. For years, Xia Yanyan has consistently topped the music charts, but this time she has been usurped by Ling Han. Finally, her long-standing reign has been broken. Haha, my goddess does not disappoint!”
Ye Xingguang had also seen the music chart and was in high spirits. She had said that she would show Xia Yanyan how Xia Qiongqiong was in no way inferior to her. Now, Xia Yanyan must be furious, right?
Xia Yanyan was indeed quite angry after seeing the music chart.
What kind of bad luck was she going through this year? She was constantly overshadowed by Ye Xingguang’s White Lotus, and now even in her area of expertise – the music field, she was being outshone by Ling Han.
Ling Han’s new album had been released just a week ago and had already seized the top spots on all charts, leaving her behind.
What annoyed her the most was that every song in Ling Han’s new album had been composed by Xia Qiongqiong!
Several music critics had already acclaimed Xia Qiongqiong as the most mysterious yet golden composer of the year. Many singers had offered sky-high prices to buy Xia Qiongqiong’s music, but no one knew where to buy it from.noveldrama
Ye Li sat beside her, coaxing in a low voice, “Xia, don’t be angry. After all, it is because of the old master Gu’s promotion. If not for his financial and resource support, and inviting the golden lyricist, how could those songs be compared to yours?”
Xia Yanyan vented her frustration, “You know that old master Gu is promoting Ling Han’s new album. Why can’t you bring more people to promote my new album as well? Look at what the music critics are saying. They say my songs are always the same, with no innovation or breakthrough. They say I’m losing my touch!”
Every singer has their own style. That’s her style, her fans love it, and they’re willing to pay for it. Why should she change it? Why should she break through or innovate?
How many people have tried to change their style, only to end in failure and disliked by their fans?
###Chapter 582: Chapter 582: Wanting to climb up Old Lady Shen_1
Xia Yanyan clicked on several music critics who bad-mouthed her. “Call the National Treasure Committee, this one, and this one, and this one too. Send them all to jail to wake up their minds!”
Ye Li was also troubled. Those critics who loved to criticize Sister Xia were always invited for a ‘tea chat’ by the National Treasure Committee. But they were stubborn and seemed to get used to it. After they came out, they still wrote articles, citing the famous saying, ‘Good advice is harsh to the ear’.
Sister Xia had never been one to take advice willingly. She just liked being adored by fans, and praised by everyone!
Ye Li said, “Sister Xia, I heard that a prestigious musician who had once been on par with Master Gu is coming to the capital. Many of Master Shen’s students are currently the pillars of the music industry. If you can win her favor, those critics certainly won’t dare to critique your songs like this!”
“Master Shen? Which Master Shen, Master Gu’s ex-wife?”
“Exactly. The media has been reporting about it recently. Master Shen plans to come to the capital to direct a vocal performance at the presidential inauguration banquet. Master Shen also told the media that she is interested in an auction item from a charity event in the capital. She wants to win it as an engagement gift for her granddaughter. If we could get this gift for Master Shen, we might be able to win her favor.”
“Really? What gift has she taken a liking to? Just buy it for her, it’s not a big deal.”
Ye Li opened her phone and found the relevant news: “The news said that there will be a charity auction in the capital the day after tomorrow, and Master Shen is interested in an exhibit from the auction, a pair of emerald jade pendants emblazoned with images of dragons and phoenixes. It is said that these jade pendants were burial goods from the royal family of a certain dynasty hundreds of years ago, later stolen by grave robbers, and then passed down to a wealthy merchant. The merchant gave the jade pendants to his granddaughter and future grandson-in-law as engagement gifts. Afterwards, the couples had a life-long, loving relationship. Some masters say that these jade pendants are spiritual and can bless the wearer with a steadfast lover. Master Shen is interested in this implication, and especially wants to win these jade pendants.”
“Is that so?”
Xia Yanyan took a glance at the image. It was quite nice-looking, but she was not interested in jade pendants.
“Since Master Shen likes it, I will buy the jade pendant and give it to her. Remember to remind me to attend the auction that day.” After all, what she never lacked was money.
Ye Xingguang also saw the news report that Granny Shen was interested in a pair of emerald jade pendants with dragons and phoenixes from a charity auction, intending to win them as an engagement gift for her granddaughter.
She looked at the news report. The jade pendants were quite expensive. However, she had some income recently.
Ling Han’s new album was selling really well. All the songs on the charts were paid requests. She and Master Gu had signed a revenue-sharing contract, and she had made a fortune. Master Gu had just given her a share of five million.
The starting price for the dragon and phoenix emerald jade pendants was five hundred thousand. Surely five million would be enough to win it?
With that, she asked Xiao Mi Hu, “Are you free the day after tomorrow?”
“It’s the weekend the day after tomorrow, and there’s no school. I am free. Are you inviting me to have chicken soup again?”noveldrama
She only thinks about chicken soup. Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes, “You’re going to a bidding event with me the day after tomorrow. I want to bid on an item.”
###Chapter 583: Chapter 583 – Light of Luck_1
The charity auction was hosted by a famous domestic charity organization, taking place in Conference Room 16 of the Hexagon Building. All donations were to be given to the people affected by the “Hidden Dragon” typhoon for post-disaster reconstruction.
The “Hidden Dragon” typhoon struck not long ago, devastating 6 cities and 42 counties, causing the collapse of over 200 houses, inflicting varying degrees of damage to more than 3200 houses, and affecting over 66.3 thousand hectares of crops.
Thus, this charity auction has drawn the attention of many influential figures from the political and business sectors. Heavyweights from the entertainment, music, and sports sectors also joined in, wanting to make contributions within their capabilities for the disaster-stricken people.
Ye Xingguang brought Xiao Mi Hu with her to the event. Upon their arrival, they saw numerous celebrities, and Xiao Mi Hu was excitedly taking photos with her phone.
An event staff came over and stopped her from taking pictures. Xiao Mi Hu reluctantly put away her phone, but her eyes continued darting around excitedly. She learned that one of her favorite stars was also attending the charity auction, she wished she could camp outside the men’s restroom for a chance to bump into him.
“Maintain your composure! It’s just a male star. Is he more handsome than Mo Fei in your house?”
“That’s not the same! An idol is an idol, a boyfriend is a boyfriend. No matter how handsome my boyfriend is, he can’t shake the unmovable position of my idol in my heart.”
“Thank God Mo Fei is not here, otherwise he would definitely be heartbroken.”
Donning her sunglasses, Ye Xingguang held onto Xiao Mi Hu, not allowing her to camp by the men’s restroom entrance. The two made to enter Conference Room 16 when suddenly a commotion erupted behind them. Thinking another star had made their entrance, they turned around only to see Xia Yanyan.
As expected of a national treasure, she captured everyone’s attention the moment she appeared.
The white dress that Xia Yanyan was wearing was sparkling so much that even Ye Xingguang had to admit it was gorgeous. It was a wonder which designer’s work it was.
Harry Perry was also with Xia Yanyan. Dressed in a black suit, he was the epitome of charming and casual. Xia Yanyan was holding Harry Perry’s hand as they walked in. The handsome man and beautiful woman instantly became the center of attention.
A reporter approached Xia Yanyan for an interview: “Miss Xia, you and Mr. Perry have been spotted together a lot recently. Was Mr. Perry’s name written on the marriage application you submitted?”
Xia Yanyan smiled without answering, as if confirming silently.noveldrama
The reporters got excited in a split second: “Miss Xia and Mr. Perry are truly a match made in heaven. Mr. Perry is chosen by our national treasure goddess, about to have the national treasure as his own, can you share how you’re feeling at the moment?”
Harry Perry was genuinely pleased with Xia Yanyan. So even though Xia Yanyan’s initial choice wasn’t him, but Ye Junqing, Harry Perry, brooding for a bit, let her off the hook…
Harry Perry, with a charming edge to his smile, said, “The country has not yet announced Yanyan’s chosen partner for marriage, I can’t be too confident. Right now, all I want is to give my all to win Yanyan a smile. There’s an auction item prepared by the host today that I’m particularly keen to buy for her. I hope the media can help spread the word, asking the other bidders to show some mercy.”
Jesus, the reporters laughed: “Mr. Perry, are you afraid of running out of money? Regardless of whether other bidders show mercy, I’m sure none can outbid you? Can you give us a hint about which item you have your eye on?”
Harry Perry, with a mischievous twinkle, dropped four words: “The Light of Luck.”
###Chapter 584: Chapter 584: Call the Big Tumor to Smash the Scene_1 
“Wow! It’s the ‘Light of Fortune’, one of the highlights of tonight’s auction, the main diamond from last century’s queen’s crown from the L country.” 
“And more than that, there’s a legend that goes: [Whoever possesses it, possesses the entire world]. Mr. Perry is truly romantic, wanting to give the whole world to Miss Xia, Miss Xia, are you feeling especially happy now?” 
Facing the journalists’ cameras, Xia Yanyan gave a gracious smile, and coyly leaned onto Harry Perry’s shoulder. 
“I had no idea, that you wanted to buy the ‘Light of Fortune’ for me.” 
“Do you like it?” 
Yanyan’s enjoyment of it shone through her words: “I like it, but what I cherish more is your philanthropic heart. Any ‘Light of Fortune’ pales in comparison to such a charitable heart.” 
Xia Yanyan’s words were eloquently pleasant to Perry’s ears. 
The couple entered the venue under the watchful eye of the media. 
Yanyan’s good mood was written all over her face. 
She enjoyed being showered with love in this way, just as her brother had advised, when choosing a man, it’s important to choose a man who will hold her in the palm of his hand. 
In reality, she wasn’t very fond of Ye Junqing, she simply thought that Junqing fancied her, because he’d designed thoughtful things like a mermaid-themed swimming pool, theme park, and even the logo for Jun-Star Weibo was a mermaid… 
Now, having discovered that those acts of affection were not meant for her and having been rejected by Junqing, she’d finally come to see that he truly never was all that. 
She prefers the kind of man who’d willingly splurge on her. If Junqing didn’t appreciate her, that was his loss, not hers! 
Xia Yanyan regained her old self-confidence and pride. 
She is the world’s one and only mermaid, destined from birth to receive the world’s doting and envy. There was no point in wasting her feelings on a man who didn’t hold her in high regard. 
… 
Ye Xingguang and Xiao Mi Hu also entered the conference room. 
The conference room was already filled with many high-profile figures, a lot of them already knew each other and were now having discreet conversations. The host was on the stage at the front, getting the microphone ready for the upcoming auction. 
She and Xiao Mi Hu found a seat and quickly, an attendant came over, handed her a bidding paddle and an auction catalog. After thanking the attendant, she and Xiao Mi Hu opened the catalog to view the auction items for today. 
Xiao Mi Hu wanted to see what the ‘Light of Fortune’ looked like. After flipping through dozens of pages, she finally found the description about the ‘Light of Fortune’ in the auction catalog. It’s a diamond in the shape of a rose, weighing 21 carats – any woman’s dream. 
Xiao Mi Hu excitedly tugged at Ye Xingguang’s arm: “Xingguang, Xingguang, tell Junqing to bid on it for you. It’s so beautiful! Plus, it says here that whoever possesses it also possesses the whole world. Let Junqing and Mr. Perry compete financially.” 
“Do they have too much money to spend? It’s just a diamond. The starting bid is already 10 million, why not just go rob a bank?” 
“But it says right here on the catalog, this gem is so rare it’s divine. When a man buys a woman a diamond, it proves his true love. People online are saying that Junqing’s just pretending to like you, so now it’s time for Junqing to show his true feelings. No, I’m going to tell Junqing that you’ve got your eye on the ‘Light of Fortune’ and ask him to come to the auction.” 
With those words, Xiao Mi Hu started to take out her phone. 
Ye Xingguang immediately took the phone from her, forbidding her from doing so. With that money, they could have several more meals of wontons. 
“Sit still and look for more interesting items.” 
She flipped through a few more pages, and was drawn to another blue diamond listed in the auction catalog, called ‘Diamond of Doom’. 
This blue diamond was always associated with killings and theft; a prophecied ominous drenched in blood. Furthermore, the ‘Diamond of Doom’ has claimed many owners, all of whom mysteriously died. It was a little scary. Then an owner threw this diamond into the sea to prevent it from bringing doom to others, but a fisherman found it in the sea and brought it to the auction. 
Xiao Mi Hu shivered: “A nice-looking diamond, yet it’s an ominous . The starting price is still so high, 1 million. Who in their right mind would spend 1 million to buy such an ill-omened diamond? They must be out of their minds.” 
Ye Xingguang, who was oddly interested in the ‘Diamond of Doom’: “…..” 
“What Doom or not Doom, only those with weak constitutions would blame their bad luck on a diamond. I think this diamond looks quite nice.” 
The bidding price was cheap too, only 1 million; she couldn’t afford it. 
Xiao Mi Hu seized the opportunity and snatched her phone back. noveldrama
Xiao Mi Hu was also added by Mo Fei into the Ye’s family group chat, she pinged Ye Junqing in the chat. 
Xiao Mi Hu: @Ye Junqing, Junqing, Junqing, your girlfriend wants the ‘Light of Fortune’, it’s high time to show her whether you’re man enough and willing to allow her to splurge. 
Ye Xingguang received a notification on her phone, opened the group chat, and saw the message that Mi Hu had sent. 
Ye Xingguang: @Ye Junqing, don’t listen to her, I am not interested. 
Xiao Mi Hu: @Ye Junqing, women always say one thing and mean another. She said she doesn’t want it but in fact she does. Perry said that the ‘Light of Fortune’ is only worthy of Xia Yanyan because possessing this diamond means possessing the whole world, he wants to hand the whole world to Yanyan, wow, so romantic. It’s got me a bit envious… 
Ye Xingguang’s eye twitched, and she glared at Xiao Mi Hu: “Who’s envious? Don’t talk nonsense.” 
Xiao Mi Hu stuck her tongue out at her. 
Ye Junqing still hadn’t said a word in the group chat, but Tang Zhou had already started to make a fuss. 
Tang Zhou: What ‘Light of Fortune’? Send a picture, send a picture. 
Xiao Mi Hu turned to the catalog, took a photo and sent it into the group chat. 
Tang Zhou: Wow, it’s so beautiful; I want it too. Junqing, I want it too! 
Ji Qishu: If you want it, ask your little follower to buy it for you. 
Tang Zhou: My little follower relies on me to make a living, he doesn’t have the money to buy such an expensive diamond; it should be me buying it for him. Junqing, I want it, I really want it~~ 
Unfortunately, Ye Junqing never appeared in the group chat. I don’t know if he’s pretending to be dead or really dead! 
Tang Zhou: @Ye Xingguang, Junqing must be reluctant to buy it for you, so he’s ignoring you. I’ve accepted it, you should too.
###Chapter 585: Chapter 585 She herself is Six of One and Half a Dozen of The Other_1 
Ye Xingguang: I didn’t want it to begin with. 
Tang Zhou: But I really do want it. 
Ye Shiting: @Ye Xingguang, if you like it, buy it; where’s the auction venue? I’ll have Tang Xiao pay for it. Our younger brother probably didn’t see the group message, I’ll call him later. 
Ye Xingguang: Thank you, Bro, but it’s really not necessary. It’s not this diamond that I’m interested in. 
Tang Zhou: @Ye Shiting, Bro Ting, Bro Ting, Little Star doesn’t want it, but I do! 
Unfortunately, Ye Shiting dropped a single line and then went off the radar, completely ignoring Tang Zhou. It was terribly cold. 
While Ye Xingguang was in the group chat, the conference room had already filled with people. After the guests had gathered, the auction began. 
Onstage, the host was giving an opening speech: “Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, welcome to this charity auction. The Typhoon Qianlong has caused great damage in the south, and people from all walks of life are making contributions. Today, at the invitation of the organizers, I am hosting this auction to raise funds for the disaster-stricken citizens. All donations from tonight’s auction will go to the affected cities and counties to help with reconstruction efforts…” noveldrama
A screen behind the host displayed videos and pictures of the disaster, which were quite moving. 
Ye Xingguang thought back to the night of the storm, when that big wart called Tang Zhou was making things difficult for her on the island. That night, he would rather stand outside in the cold wind than come into the house. Thinking about it now still made her angry. 
Such a childish man! 
Master Green-eyed Monster! 
But on second thought, she wasn’t much better herself. Neither of them were particularly magnanimous, so she stopped complaining. 
After a heart-touching opening speech by the host and some speeches from charity representatives, the auction officially began twenty minutes later. 
Once the auction started, Ye Xingguang looked around and did not see Granny Shen. It seemed that although she had announced her intention to bid for the Dragon-and-Phoenix Jade Pendant, she did not plan to attend in person and had probably made arrangements for someone else to do it on her behalf. 
Ye Xingguang was unsure of who among the attendees was possibly the delegate. 
Xia Yanyan also looked around, conjecturing similarly that the Old Mrs. Shen had engaged a representative to bid for her. Yanyan was not really interested in the other auction items, therefore, she rested with her eyes closed as soon as she took her seat. It was only when the Dragon-and-Phoenix Jade Pendant was brought up for auction that she sat upright. 
The host said: “The next item up for bidding is the Dragon-and-Phoenix Jade Pendant, with a starting bid of five hundred thousand. Now, ladies and gentlemen, you may start bidding…” 
“Five hundred and ten thousand!” 
A rising male star from a popular web series was the first to raise his bidding paddle. 
He hoped to acquire this Jade Pendant because he knew that it was coveted by Granny Shen and wanted to use it to curry favor with her. 
Even though that rising star gained fame through a web series, his actual dream was to be a singer. However, the music industry was really tough at the moment, and investors and management companies preferred to push those aspiring singers into the drama industry. It was a time when you could make money even by lying down in the drama industry. Hence, to release an album, he needed to take an unconventional route. 
Granny Shen was the unconventional path he aimed to take. If he could win Granny Shen’s favor, and she would introduce him into the music industry, he believed with his current popularity, there was a decent chance he could break into the music industry. 
“Five hundred and twenty thousand!” 
“Five hundred and thirty thousand!” 
“Five hundred and forty thousand!” 
Most of the people participating in the auction were big names from the field of music or entertainment, with a mindset similar to that of the rising star. 
They were not really drinking for the wine’s sake.
###Chapter 586: Chapter 586 The Youth is the Dark Horse_1 noveldrama
“One million!” Xia Yanyan raised her sign, breaking the pattern of auction increments of ten thousand. Ye Xingguang, who was about to bid five hundred and fifty thousand, swiftly put down her sign, surprised that Xia Yanyan also had her eyes on the Dragon and Phoenix Auspicious Grandmother’s Emerald Jade Pendant. 
It wasn’t that she didn’t want to compete with Xia Yanyan, but she understood Xia Yanyan’s temperament. If she entered in a bid war with her, Xia Yanyan would feel the need to compete, leading to escalated bids just to save her pride. 
“One million and one hundred thousand.” 
“One million and two hundred thousand!” 
“One million and three hundred thousand!” 
“One million and four hundred thousand!” 
… 
“Two million!” Xia Yanyan raised her sign again, breaking the pattern of hundred thousand increments. 
Ye Xingguang handed the bidding sign to Xiao Mi Hu: “You start bidding, I want that Jade Pendant.” 
Xiao Mi Hu said: “Why don’t you bid yourself?” 
“I’m afraid I’ll trigger Xia Yanyan’s competitive spirit. If I step in, she won’t back down.” 
Xiao Mi Hu asked quietly: “So what’s your limit?” 
Ye Xingguang held up five fingers, saying, “No more than five million, I don’t want it if it’s over five million.” 
“Oh, oh, oh. I too think that the Jade Pendant isn’t worth five million. I understand, wait for me to win it for you.” 
Xiao Mi Hu held up the sign: “Two million and two hundred thousand!” 
“Two million and five hundred thousand!” 
“Three million!” 
… 
Unexpectedly, everyone participating in the auction was so affluent! 
A few million might seem like a lot to Ye Xingguang, but for the luminaries of the entertainment and music industry, it was a paltry sum. They could afford it and were willing to pay, as long as they could curry favor with Madam Shen. The money was absolutely well spent! 
“Ten million!” Xia Yanyan raised her sign for the third time, causing a ripple of surprise to run through the room. 
A national treasure deserved to be treated as such; after all, it was both good looking and expensive. Xiao Mi Hu only managed to raise her sign once before losing hope. 
She lowered her head, “Xingguang, should we keep bidding? I only bid once, yet Xia Yanyan has already hiked the price several times. Your limit was five million. Should we raise the bid?” 
Before Ye Xingguang could respond, someone else had placed their bid. 
“Twelve million!” 
“Thirteen million!” 
“Fifteen million!” 
… 
“Twenty million!” Xia Yanyan raised her sign for the fourth time. 
Ye Xingguang, with her modest budget, replied, “Forget it. We’re not wealthy tycoons. Let’s just sit back and watch.” 
Twenty million for a Grandmother’s Emerald Jade Pendant, has she gone mad? Grandma Shen would certainly mock her for being a fool if she were here. Forget it. Grandma Shen, you can buy your granddaughter’s engagement present yourself. 
By comparison, if Grandma Shen were present, she wouldn’t have continued bidding either. 
—”Thirty million!” 
At that moment, bidder number thirty-five raised his sign. 
Ye Xingguang instinctively turned to see who was so extravagant. She couldn’t understand the world of the wealthy; sure enough, her imagination was limited by poverty. Thirty million for a piece of Jade Pendant? She’d rather buy a mansion! 
Xia Yanyan also turned to look at number thirty-five. 
Number thirty-five was an unfamiliar face, not a celebrity from the entertainment or music industry or a famous businessman, but a normal high school-looking young man wearing school uniform. He had spent the previous time buried in his papers, solving math problems. 
Now, he had finished his math problems and raised his sign. 
Xia Yanyan raised an arrogant eyebrow: “Forty million!” 
The young man: “Fifty million!” 
Xia Yanyan: “Sixty million!” 
The young man: “Seventy million!” 
Suddenly, everyone else fell silent, with only Xia Yanyan frowning, about to raise her sign: “Eighty million!”
###Chapter 587: Chapter 587: So, it turns out to be that young man from before! _1 
The young man: “Ninety million!” 
Ye Xingguang shielded her face with her hand and leaned towards Xiao Mi Hu, saying, “Rich second-gen, definitely a rich second-gen. I like this young man!” 
Xiao Mi Hu gripped her arm: “Who doesn’t like rich second-gen kids with money? I like him too. I have decided from now on, I have one more love idol, this fair and clean-looking young man. Do you think Xia Yanyan will bid one hundred million?” 
Ye Xingguang didn’t know, but she felt regretful that Granny Shen wouldn’t be able to acquire the jade pendant and she didn’t have the ability to bid on it for Granny Shen. 
—”Two hundred million!” 
“Wow!” 
The crowd on site was in an uproar! 
Crazy! Xia Yanyan raised the bid to two hundred million. noveldrama
As expected of the national treasure. So rich. Who else at the auction can even compete with her? 
All eyes involuntarily turned to look at the young man, mysteriously expecting something. 
However, this time, the young man did not raise the bid again. He thought for a moment, calmed down, probably thinking it was not lucrative to do so, took his pen, and continued working on the next problem, just like a good student. 
“Number three! Miss Xia bids! Two hundred million! Is there anyone else who wants to raise the bid? Going once…going twice…going three times!” The auctioneer slammed the hammer down: “Congratulations Miss Xia, you are the final purchaser of the Jade Pendant of the Dragon and Phoenix in Emerald.” 
Clap, clap, clap… 
There was thunderous applause at the scene. 
A celebrity involved in the auction said, “I can’t believe I just participated in a two hundred million auction item! Miss Xia, may I leak this news in my Weibo post?” 
“I also wanted to buy it for Granny Shen, but unfortunately, my ability fell short of my good intentions. I didn’t expect the national treasure goddess to win it in the end. Is there a bidding representative for Granny Shen here? Could you please pass on my message? I truly wished to bid for her.” 
“Oh…” A not-so-high voice sounded in the conference hall. 
Suddenly, everyone started looking for the source of that voice. 
It turned out to be the young man from earlier! 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!” 
This young man is Granny Shen’s representative? She has never seen this young man before. Who is he to Granny Shen? 
Xia Yanyan chuckled: “I’m sorry, young gentleman, for grabbing Granny Shen’s jade pendant. However, my initial intention for bidding on this pendant was to present it to Granny Shen as well. I hope that Granny Shen’s granddaughter and grandson-in-law have a happy and harmonious marital life. Please help me convey this message. Once I receive the jade pendant, I will personally visit Granny Shen and give her the pendant.” 
The young man replied lightly with just one word: “Oh.” 
Then, he resumed immersing himself in his math homework. 
He hadn’t accomplished his task, which he originally found regretful, but now that he heard someone was willing to give it for free, the feeling of regret instantly dissipated. 
“Wow! So, the national treasure goddess bought it for Granny Shen too. National treasure goddess V5.” Other celebrities from the entertainment or music industry could only express their envy. 
Basking in everyone’s envy, Xia Yanyan finally breathed a sigh of relief. By giving Granny Shen a two-hundred-million gift, Xia Yanyan hoped that even Granny Shen’s heart of stone would be moved by her sincerity, right? 
She has really put in a lot of effort for this one! Two hundred million, it actually hurt her a lot. Her heart was bleeding at the moment, and she was just forcing a smile. Probably only if Harry Perry would bid the Lucky Light for her could her grievance be soothed!
###Chapter 588: Chapter 588: Buy if You Like _1 
At this moment, Ye Junqing had just finished a meeting. His phone was on silent during the meeting. After the meeting ended, he casually checked his phone and saw the missed call from his brother. 
Ye Junqing called back. 
As soon as the call was connected, he asked, “Bro, what’s up?” 
“Check out the family group chat and see for yourself.” Ye Shiting, busy himself, delivered the brief message and then hung up the phone. 
Not quite sure what was going on, Ye Junqing opened the family chat group, noticing that some people had mentioned him. 
The group chat was flooded with numerous messages. He couldn’t find the message that mentioned his name despite scrolling for quite some time. Fortunately, Ji Qishu walked into the conference room. His pals knew he had been recently dismissed by Little Star. They all wanted him to find his love soon, so that Fu Zhuo could see the light of day. 
So, Ji Qishu eagerly said, “Bro Ye, look, Little Star wants the Light of Fortune and is waiting to bid on it at the auction now.” 
“What’s this?” Ye Junqing asked. noveldrama
Fu Zhuo opened the flyer sent by Xiao Mi Hu, announcing the Light of Fortune, and said, “It’s a diamond. Apparently, whoever owns this diamond owns the world. Now the Perrys want to bid for it to gift it to Xia Yanyan, but Little Star also really wants it.” 
Taking a glance, Ye Junqing simply said, “Then just buy it.” 
During this time, many auction items were sold, and finally, it was time for the last few crown jewels. 
The first of these highlight items was the Diamond of Misfortune. 
The presenter said, “What we are showing you now is the Sapphire of Hope. It also goes by the name of the Diamond of Misfortune. It is one of several extraordinary rare deep-blue diamonds that exist in this world. However, this stunning diamond has brought nothing but bad luck, even death, to its owners in the past 300 years. Legend has it that the Blue Hope was originally set on a deity statue. It was stolen by a monk. After discovering the theft, the priest put a curse on any person who possesses this diamond with a string of disasters. The monk was ultimately burned alive.” 
The presenter was so honest that even though the guests below the stage were very interested in this brilliantly shining, serene blue diamond, they were rather reluctant to bid for it. 
The guests attending the auction were mostly those who considered themselves blessed by fortune. Who would want to buy a miserable diamond and bring bad luck to themselves? 
That would be crazy! 
Nevertheless, the presenter enthusiastically introduced the diamond, “Now, a rich businessperson is willing to donate this diamond. All charity money will be donated to the disaster-stricken areas. It’s said that the Diamond of Misfortune has always been seeking its rightful owner. The reason why all its previous owners were so unlucky is because none of them were chosen by the Diamond of Misfortune. Only when an owner who the diamond willingly and wholeheartedly chooses appears, would it bring endless hope and glory. Such an owner would transform it into the Stone of Hope. We wonder if there is a true owner among our guests tonight. If you dare to take on the challenge, feel free to try your luck. Perhaps you are the one who can terminate all misfortunes and turn this Diamond of Misfortune into the Diamond of Hope and have the stars and sea at your command. The bidding starts now, starting price, one million.” 
As the presenter finished speaking, the room fell into silence. Nobody made any bids. 
Great, with nobody competing against me, Ye Xingguang immediately raised the card: “One million!” 
As soon as he finished his statement, everyone’s eyes turned towards Ye Xingguang. Who was this person who had dared to face death?
###Chapter 589: Chapter 589 Purchasing the Misfortune Diamond, calling for Ye’s Family to be buried together?_1 
Ye Xingguang brazenly took off her sunglasses, and immediately someone recognized her—it was the Koi Fish Lady! 
“Isn’t she the Koi Fish Lady, the official partner of Lord Ye Junqing?” 
“Yes, indeed! The lucky girl who won over Lord Ye Junqing. Has she gone mad? Does she despise her own good luck so much that she actually wants to bid for the Diamond of Misfortune, thus putting an end to her own good fortune?” 
Even Xiao Mi Hu was tugging on her arm. “Have you lost your mind? You’ll bring misfortune upon yourself!” 
Ye Xingguang looked unfathomable, “I can’t help it, I fell in love with this blue diamond at first sight. Perhaps I’m fated to be the end of this diamond’s misfortune!” 
Xia Yanyan gave Ye Xingguang a casual glance and mentally cursed her as a madwoman. Has she realized that Lord Ye Junqing is just playing along and doesn’t really love her, so now she wants to take revenge on the Ye’s family by buying the Diamond of Misfortune and bury them all alongside? 
“One million and fifty cents!” 
At this moment, someone suddenly raised the bid. 
Hearing fifty cents, it drew a round of giggles from everyone. 
Looking up, it was the same boy increasing the bid. 
Even Ye Xingguang wanted to laugh, she lifted her placard: “One million and sixty cents.” 
The boy: “One million and sixty-five cents.” 
The auctioneer: “!!!!!!” 
Ye Xingguang: “One million and sixty-six cents!” 
The auctioneer: “!!!!!!” 
Are these two here for some fun? This is the smallest bid increment the auctioneer has ever seen in his auctions. 
The boy: “One million and eighty-eight cents!” 
Phew… 
Finally, it’s a bit more than before. Everyone laughed. 
Ye Xingguang thought for a moment, her clear and crisp voice confidently spoke, “One million and ninety-nine cents!” noveldrama
The auctioneer was rubbing his forehead, just wanting to end this nonsense bid war as soon as possible, but the boy continued to raise the bid, and he could not interrupt them anyway, they weren’t breaking the rules after all. 
Now, the boy upped the ante, “One million and ten yuan!” 
Just added a cent! 
Ye Xingguang: “One million and ten yuan plus one cent!” 
“One million one hundred thousand!” Finally, a wealthy businessman lost patience and directly interrupted their childlike bidding. 
As he said this, neither the boy nor Ye Xingguang raised the bid. 
Seeing no one else bidding, the auctioneer gave a look to the auctioneer’s assistant. 
The auctioneer took up the hammer and said, “Any more bids? Any more? No? One million one hundred thousand for the first time, one hundred thousand for the second time…” 
“Wait!” Not the voice of someone increasing a bid, but the voice of the wealthy businessman. 
The businessman wiped off his cold sweat and turned to Ye Xingguang, “Koi Fish Lady, aren’t you going to raise the bid?” 
Ye Xingguang said, “It’s too expensive, I can’t afford it.” 
Businessman: “!!!!!!” 
Businessman: “Your official partner is Lord Ye Junqing! Can’t you even get one million one hundred thousand and one more cent? As long as you add one more cent, you will be the ender of misfortune. Didn’t you say earlier that you fell in love with this diamond at first sight?” 
“Yes, love at first sight, but then suddenly there was an extra hundred thousand! I can buy a lot of things with a hundred thousand. It’s way too expensive, my upper limit was only one million and twenty yuan. A cent more, and I won’t want it anymore, it’s beyond my bidding limit.” Ye Xingguang said. 
The businessman was going mad! He didn’t really want the Diamond of Misfortune! 
The reason he bid was just to make some fun, he couldn’t stand their penny-pinching bids! 
But now no one else was bidding, the businessman was in a panic. This wasn’t simply about over a million yuan, it was about encountering misfortune! He must not take this diamond, he mustn’t!
###Chapter 590: Chapter 590 – I Want The Light of Luck_1noveldrama
The merchant now wished he could slap himself twice. Why did he show up at this spot for nothing?
Now he could only pin his hopes on the young man, “Kid, aren’t you going to increase the bid? Just one cent more, and the stars and the sea will be all yours!”
The young man didn’t speak, bowing his head and focusing on his math problems.
The auctioneer continues: “One million one hundred and three thousand …”
Before the auctioneer even finished speaking, he was once again aggressively interrupted by the merchant who was now breaking out in a cold sweat.
It is said that a wealthy owner of the Diamond of Misfortune spent his fortunes dry, while he himself was bitten to death by wild dogs in the wilderness!
It is said that a publisher, another unfortunate owner of the Diamond, lost his eight-year-old son in a car accident, started drinking heavily, eventually lost his health and his publishing business. Then, his daughter died of an overdose of sleeping pills and his granddaughter died of alcohol and drug poisoning!
It is said that a merchant, who once owned the Diamond, drowned with his whole family!
It is said that another owner of the Diamond fatally fell off a cliff together with his entire family in a car accident…
The more he thought about it, the more the merchant sweated. He almost foresaw that if the diamond was sold to him, he and his entire family would meet with a tragic fate. How could he possibly want such an item?
“Miss Carp, I offer you one million two hundred thousand, can you raise the bid once more?”
Ye Xingguang shook her head.
“I’ll offer you two million, just raise the bid one more time, please. I believe as the Carp Girl, you must be incredibly lucky and can become the end of this misfortune, ushering in a new era of stars and sea. But I am definitely not destined for this, and if you bid on it, you would be saving my whole family.”
Ye Xingguang raised an eyebrow: “Why should I save your family? I am not the Virgin Mary?”
The wealthy merchant: “I’ll give you three million, will you raise the bid again?”
Ye Xingguang: “I’ll think about it.”
But after contemplating it, she shook her head.
From the expression on Ye Xingguang’s face, it looked like there was still room for negotiation. The merchant, hoping against hope, said: “Miss Ye, how much would make you raise the bid, just name your price. As long as you speak, I promise I won’t even blink, I’ll definitely make it happen.”
Light sparked in the depths of Ye Xingguang’s eyes: “I want the Light of Good Fortune. If you can win that for me, I’ll raise the bidding.”
At this statement, Xia Yanyan, who had been watching the drama unfold, narrowed her haughty eyes. What a sneaky little White Lotus! Going in circles, she was actually vying for the Light of Good Fortune with her!
The merchant looked stunned for a moment before nodding with no hesitation, “Fine, I’ll win the Light of Good Fortune for you!”
Compared to a family massacre about to happen, what’s the Light of Good Fortune?
Ye Xingguang raised an eyebrow, “Just saying it doesn’t make it true. How can I trust that you won’t go back on your word?”
The merchant thumped his chest saying, “I, Su Maochang have been in business all my life, always delivering on my promises. I promise you that if I pledged to win the Light of Good Fortune for you, I would do it even if it means losing everything I own. Everyone here can be my witnesses. If I can’t keep my words today, may my mansion crumble! If anyone here would like to witness this, I would appreciate your support.”
“Brother Su, I’ll be your witness.” Someone who knew Su Maochang spoke.
“Saving a life is greater than building a seven-tiered pagoda; I’ll also be your witness.”
“Count me in.”
“And me.”
###Chapter 591: Chapter 591 Madman! This is definitely a madman! _1
“I will vouch for Su Maochang as well. He certainly isn’t a person who breaks promises… However, are you sure you want to bid on this Cursed Diamond, Miss Koi? Be careful not to bring disaster upon yourself and the Ye’s family,” someone kindly cautioned.
Xiao Mi Hu also earnestly advised, “Ye Xingguang, consider carefully. What will you do if the Ye’s family blames you for bringing this Cursed Diamond into their midst? Even Su Maochang was terrified. That diamond is surely cursed. Even if you don’t believe it, what if they do? They will certainly consider you a harbinger of disaster, don’t bid anymore!”
To everyone’s surprise, Ye Xingguang was unswayed. Hearing that so many were willing to testify for Su Maochang, she blissfully raised her bid, “One hundred and ten thousand and one!”
“She’s insane! Absolutely insane!” someone shook their head.
A wealthy lady said, “I’m glad she’s not my daughter-in-law. If my daughter-in-law dared to bid on the Cursed Diamond, I would kill her!”
Another wealthy lady added, “Must be buried in your family grave if you did such a thing. As for me, I would divorce such a daughter-in-law immediately!”
“Yes, it’s no wonder that Lord Ye Junqing doesn’t like her. He goes out dining with other women behind her back. Bringing this kind of woman into the household is a calamity!”noveldrama
At the scene, only billionaire Su Maochang heaved a huge sigh of relief. He had managed to avoid the disaster of extinction. So fortunate! So fortunate!
As for whether this Cursed Diamond would bring disaster to Ye Xingguang or the Ye’s family, that was none of his concern. Right now, all he needed to do was to keep his promise and arrange to bid for the Light of Fortune for Ye Xingguang next.
The auctioneer assessed the situation, “Any more bids? Any more bids?”
Even the auctioneer knew no one would bid more. He raised the hammer and announced, “One hundred and ten thousand and one for the first time. One hundred and ten thousand and one for the second time. One hundred and ten thousand and one for the third time! Congratulations, Lady Ye. You are now the official owner of the Cursed Diamond!”
…
Xia Yanyan’s noble gaze coldly scanned Ye Xingguang. This brainless woman risked buying a cursed blue diamond just to compete with her for the Light of Fortune! She didn’t believe that the Ye’s family could remain indifferent if they knew about this.
However, “Harry Perry, are you sure you can outbid Su Maochang and win the Light of Fortune? If Su Maochang is a man of his word and willing to go broke for his promise to get the Light of Fortune for Ye Xingguang…”
Harry Perry did not respond, his face tense.
He already announced in the media that he would bid for the Light of Fortune for Xia Yanyan. Failing to do so would be like slapping his own face. But the current situation…
Harry Perry, though feeling restless inside, replied with a smile, “Do you think my wealth equals that of Su Maochang’s?”
Upon hearing that, Xia Yanyan laughed arrogantly. True, when it came to wealth, how could Su Maochang even be compared to Harry Perry? Even if Su Maochang went bankrupt, he still couldn’t outdo Harry Perry!
The auction continued. After a long time, the final auction item was presented, the main attraction of the night.
The host’s voice showed clear excitement, “This is the final item and the highlight of this auction, the long-anticipated Light of Fortune. The legend has it that whoever owns the Light of Fortune owns the world. I believe many guests tonight have come especially for this item. I guess everyone can’t wait anymore. Let’s begin the bidding at ten million!”
###Chapter 592: Chapter 592: How will you step down when the time comes?_1
As the host’s voice fell, indeed, many people started to bid, and everyone was jubilant!
Despite businessman Su Maochang’s promise to secure the Light of Luck, it couldn’t deter other guests’ enthusiasm for this auction item. No one here would make way for Su Maochang.
“20 million!”
“22 million!”
“23 million!”
“23.5 million!”
“24 million!”
“25 million!”
“…”
At this moment, both businessman Su Maochang and Harry Perry hadn’t even started bidding, but others had already bid fiercely. Probably realizing that someone would ultimately foot the bill anyway, everyone started to participate – including those who were just there for the spectacle. Xiao Mi Hu grabbed the paddle from Ye Xingguang and raised it high, shouting, “30 million!”
Upon shouting the bid amount, even she couldn’t believe it. She too, was having a luxurious day!
Ye Xingguang whispered, “What are you bidding for? Do you even have that much money?”
“Well, someone will surely raise the bid. Isn’t Harry Perry planning to buy it for Xia Yanyan? And isn’t Su Maochang supposed to bid for you? No matter how I bid, someone will pay the bill in the end. Don’t prevent me from having the peak of my life!” Xiao Mi Hu was ecstatic!
After the bidding, she didn’t forget to boast on her social media circle.
The post by Xiao Mi Hu read, “Ah! I must be mad! I just bid for the Light of Luck. Just now, I, Xiao Mi Hu, placed a bid of 30 million! I’m so lavish! From now on, only the wealthy can be my friends. You poor people can no longer fathom it!”
Xiao Mi Hu accompanied the post with two pictures: one was of the Light of Luck on the flyer, and the other was of the actual item on the stage. She even pinpointed her location. That vanity! She was more than satisfied!
“32 million!”
“35 million!”
“40 million!”
…
In a world of rich folks, what they lack is never money. Everyone’s enthusiastic, and huge bids were made, possibly for similar reasons as Xiao Mi Hu; Harry Perry and Su Maochang did not even open their mouths yet.
Both seemed set on being the last ones to bid.
Xiao Mi Hu, for a second time, held up her paddle, “I bid 100 million!”
Su Maochang angrily glared at Xiao Mi Hu as soon as she finished speaking!
Even Xia Yanyan saw Xiao Mi Hu as a thorn in her eye and a stinging pain!noveldrama
But oh, Xiao Mi Hu’s heart.
She made another social media post, “That’s right! It’s me again! Ahh! Do you know what price I, Xiao Mi Hu, just yelled out? Yes, it’s me, I just bid 100 million! From now on, please call me Xiao · ‘The badass CEO’ · Mi Hu!”
Ye Xingguang pulled Xiao Mi Hu aside and covered his face with his hand: “Hey, let’s not stir trouble where unnecessary, look at the way Mr. Su is glaring at you. He’s like he could murder your whole family. Let’s not join this chaotic scene. I’ve witnessed the peak of your life. Do you realize how much money 100 million is? Can you count it?”
But, Xiao Mi Hu said, “Xia Yanyan just bid 200 million for that Jade Pendant. I’ve never bid 200 million before. Let me enjoy the peak of my life a little longer.”
Ye Xingguang whispered, “The government gives Xia Yanyan 200 million in stipends each year. Are you comparing your wealth with hers? What if no one else bids? What if Su Maochang backs out and doesn’t bid for me? What would you do then?”
###Chapter 593: Chapter 593: Mr. Su, Are You Still Haggling?_1 
That’s a reasonable point. 
Upon reflection, Xiao Mi Hu calmed down. After all, she had already experienced the pinnacle of her life, and decided not to make another bid. 
The sellers, who were truly coveting the Light of Fortune, heard the bid had risen to a hundred million, and they restrained from bidding recklessly; 
The spectators, similar to Xiao Mi Hu who came just for the fun of it, took a look at Harry Perry’s and Su Maochang’s faces, and thought it was better to save a life than to build a seven-tiered pagoda. So, they all silenced down. 
For a moment, no one placed a bid. 
The auctioneer waited for a minute, and when he was sure that no one was bidding, he asked, “Any more bids? Anyone else? If not, a hundred million for the first time…..” 
... noveldrama
As soon as the words fell, Xiao Mi Hu’s face turned pale. What did he mean, no one was bidding? 
Don’t scare me, I’m just a casual bystander! 
The auctioneer continued, “A hundred million for the second time, a hundred million….” 
Xiao Mi Hu gripped Ye Xingguang’s arm tightly for a moment. It was over, she had really put herself in a bind! 
“A hundred and one million!” At last, Su Maochang made a bid! 
The reason for waiting before making a bid was to teach those spectators a lesson, so they wouldn’t follow his example and keep inflating the price, assuming someone would eventually foot their bill. 
Hearing Su Maochang’s bid, Xiao Mi Hu was almost moved to tears. She now understood how Su felt! 
Indeed, being a good person pays off! 
“A hundred and two million!” Someone else had raised the bid again. 
After a while, someone started to bid, “A hundred and three million!” 
Although people kept bidding, it wasn’t as exaggerated as before. The spectators like Xiao Mi Hu were all quiet. The few remaining to bid were those truly capable and interested in obtaining the Light of Fortune. 
Among them was a top-tier actor whose recent pay had already reached a hundred million. His astronomical acting fees made him stand out among the businessmen, and he was the last celebrity willing to bid against them. 
Finally, Harry Perry raised his number plate, announcing, “Two hundred million!” 
This high bid silenced the few remaining businessmen who wanted to compete. 
The actor wanted to raise his number plate, but ultimately decided against it. 
Too expensive. Not that he couldn’t afford it, but it wasn’t worth it. 
Spending two hundred million on a diamond seemed like a crazy act to him, despite his great admiration for the Light of Fortune. He wanted to buy it as a proposal gift for a girl he secretly loved. 
Xia Yanyan’s eyes and eyebrows were all filled with a proud and enchanting smile. 
The feeling of her boyfriend splurging for her made her feel as if she was exuding boundless charm. 
Someone teased, “Wow, Miss Xia just bought a Dragon & Phoenix Jade Pendant for two hundred million, and now Harry Perry plans to buy the Light of Fortune for the same price. Is this what they call a perfect match? I’m so envious that I just got hit with a wave of dog food!” 
Harry Perry gave a charming smile, looking at Su Maochang, “Mr. Su, are you going to keep bidding?” 
Su Maochang laughed bitterly, “Mr. Harry, please show mercy. As you know, I just promised Miss Koi that I would buy the Light of Fortune for her. I can’t go back on my word now, in front of all these witnesses.” 
Harry Perry changed to a more seductive pose, “Then it comes down to our respective abilities. I openly stated in front of the media that I am bidding for the Light of Fortune for Yanyan. If you want it, then let’s continue to flex our liquidity. But are you confident that you have enough liquidity to compete with me?”
###Chapter 594: Chapter 594 What’s so fun about being slapped in the face?_1 
“Indeed, I don’t,” Su Maochang admitted awkwardly. 
Businessmen might seem wealthy, but their money is usually tied up in various projects. Not even the affluent can readily procure billions in liquid cash. 
Su Maochang didn’t believe he could compete with Harry Perry of the Perrys in terms of liquidity. But what could he do? He was a man of his word. He couldn’t just wriggle out of this after barely escaping by the skin of his teeth. How would he go on living? 
So, Su Maochang had to give it his all. At least he had to show everyone his determination, and his sincere intention to keep his promise. 
“Two hundred and ten million,” Su Maochang raised his bid number. 
“Two hundred and eleven million.” The price was already so high that Harry Perry wouldn’t push it up too much more. In fact, spending two hundred million for a diamond for a woman was already an astronomical price. Had it not been for Xia Yanyan’s purchase of the jade pendant for the same amount, everyone would have been praising Harry Perry for his generous splurge! 
... 
With a bitter smile, Harry Perry had no choice. Faced with a national gem who was not only moneyed but also a lavish spender, he could only contest in terms of wealth. 
Su Maochang raised his bid again: “Two hundred and twenty million!” 
Harry Perry: “Two hundred and thirty million!” 
Su Maochang: “Two hundred and forty million!” noveldrama
Harry Perry: “Two hundred and fifty million!” 
Su Maochang: “Two hundred … two hundred fifty-five million!” 
With Su Maochang’s addition of this price, everyone had an estimate of the liquid cash at his disposal. He might be reaching his limit. If Harry Perry continued to bid, Su Maochang might have to give up. 
Xia Yanyan also noticed Su Maochang seemed to struggle with escalating the price. She comfortably adjusted her sitting posture, turned her head with pride to glance at Ye Xingguang, scoffing. Did they really think they could steal her lucky star just by acquiring a rich merchant? 
Ye Xingguang noticed Xia Yanyan’s contemptuous eyes. She looked back dismissively. Even Xiao Mi Hu noticed the mockery written all over Xia Yanyan’s face. 
“Xingguang, Xia Yanyan is belittling you with her gaze. I think Mr. Su might not be able to compete with the young master Perry. In terms of wealth, how could Mr. Su match him? I’m afraid the lucky star will ultimately fall into Xia Yanyan’s hands,” Xiao Mi Hu said. 
Ye Xingguang shrugged nonchalantly: “I never intended to get the lucky star. If Mr. Su can’t get it, then so be it. All I want is the ‘Diamond of Misfortune.’” 
“Then why are you stirring the pot?” 
“Just bored, for fun.” 
Xiao Mi Hu: “…” 
Xiao Mi Hu rolled her eyes: “What’s fun about being slapped in the face?” 
Ye Xingguang yawned and responded: “It’s fun watching young master Perry waste his money. The price might not have been driven up this high originally. Now that we’re making him spend more, there will be more donations to the disaster area. How is that not fun?” 
At this moment, Harry Perry threw in another amount yet again. “Two hundred and sixty million!” 
Wow! The scene was once again stirred, as the price increased by nearly five million. Could Su Maochang still raise the bid? 
With a woeful expression, Su Maochang raised and lowered his bidding number several times. He looked back at Ye Xingguang and said, “Miss Li, I genuinely want to go all-in to bid the ‘Lucky Star’ for you. But the fact is, I don’t have that much liquid cash. You know the auction house rules. If we win the bid, we must settle our payments today. Otherwise, if any wealthy people here are willing to lend me some money, that could work too. Is anyone willing to lend me some?” 
Unfortunately, no one responded to him after he’d spoken. Clearly, no one was intending to lend him the money.
###Chapter 595: Chapter 595: The Young Man Strikes Again_1 
Lending him money to compete with Master Perry, isn’t that essentially announcing a dispute with Master Perry in public? Everyone here isn’t a fool, right? 
Su Maochang chuckled bitterly, “Miss Night, as you see, it’s not that I’m unwilling to make an effort, but that I’m willing yet unable,” 
Ye Xingguang shrugged, “Well, if you’ve done your best then that’s it.” 
Su Maochang took a sigh of relief, “Thanks, Miss Night for understanding. How about this, after this auction, I will donate two hundred million directly to the disaster area to assist in rebuilding, proving that it’s not about the money.” 
Ye Xingguang lifted her eyebrows, “Agreed.” 
Harry Perry laughed, “Mr. Su not continuing?” 
... 
“If it’s for Master Perry’s sake, I admit defeat.” Su Maochang made a self-deprecating expression before continuing, “It looks like ‘Luck’s Light’ is destined to belong to the National Treasure Goddess. I won’t raise the price anymore.” 
Hearing this, Xia Yanyan happily stared at ‘Luck’s Light’ on the stage, her face filled with the happiness of being adored by her boyfriend. 
The auctioneer observed the attractive pair from the stage and felt envy. Raising his gavel he asked, “Next bid please? Anyone else want to raise? Two hundred ten million once, two hundred ten million twice!” 
On the auction floor, everyone was complimenting Master Perry’s splurging for his beloved lady. 
“Master Perry acquired ‘Luck’s Light’ for two hundred ten million and Miss Xia acquired ‘Dragon and Phoenix Auspiciousness’ for two hundred million. More than a handsome couple, they truly match each other in family background and capability. Their power couple status leaves one green with envy…” 
“Congratulations Miss Xia, not only are you beautiful and rich, you’ve found a man as handsome and wealthy who adores you.” 
“Not at all, we just truly wanted to do our bit for the disaster victims.” 
“Miss Xia, don’t be modest. Make sure to invite me to your engagement party. I’d like to take in a little of your good fortune.” 
… 
Harry Perry and Xia Yanyan, both elegantly smiling, responded to everyone’s compliments. However, both were secretly devastated. They spent a total of four hundred million tonight just to save face. Thankfully, people’s compliments provided a little comfort. 
At that moment, the auctioneer continued, “Two hundred ten million for the third…” 
“Three hundred million!” 
Just as the auctioneer was about to finalize the auction with a bang of his gavel, a young man seemingly finishing another math problem, laid his pen down and calmly threw out a bid: “Three hundred million!” 
Wow! 
Everyone turned toward the teenager, “” noveldrama
Someone blurted out, “Who is this kid? Didn’t he represent Old Lady Shen to bid for the ‘Dragon and Phoenix Auspiciousness’ emerald Jade Pendant? When Miss Xia started bidding two hundred million, he couldn’t match it. How in the world can he dare to call out three hundred million now?” 
“This kid, could he be a plant from the auction house? If he can offer three hundred million, from now on he’s my daddy!” 
Harry Perry’s face changed, seriously suspecting that this young man was a plant to inflate the price. 
Xia Yanyan also changed her expression and turned back to say, “Weren’t you unable to afford two hundred million? Hey kid, this isn’t a place to randomly shout prices. If you on win the auction and can’t afford it, you can be held legally responsible, you know?” 
The young man simply shrugged and after making his bid, he turned the page of his test paper and dove back into his math problem. 
Everyone: “…”
###Chapter 596: Chapter 596 Wow, who is it, so generous!_1 
The auctioneer looked at the youth and then at the crowd, his voice somewhat desolate: “Does anyone want to raise the price? Three hundred million once, three hundred million twice…” 
Xia Yanyan turned her head, looking at Harry Perry, if Harry Perry didn’t continue bidding, she would miss the Ray of Luck. 
Harry Perry saw the hopeful look in Xia Yanyan’s eyes, gritted his teeth, and raised his bidding sign: “Three hundred and one million!” 
Whoosh~~ 
A joyous light appeared on Xia Yanyan’s face once again, and she leaned her head on Harry Perry’s shoulder on her own initiative. At this moment, Harry Perry enjoyed Xia Yanyan’s closeness, but he was extremely upset. His money didn’t come easy! 
The crowd turned their eyes to the youth again to see if he would raise the price. 
... 
The youth didn’t even lift his head, was silent, biting the cap of his pen, thinking about the solution to the next problem. 
Harry Perry felt a surge of anger in his heart. It seemed that this youth was indeed a shill invited by the organizers! 
Because of the youth’s bid, he nearly had to fork out another hundred million in no time. Did they think he, Harry Perry, was a fool? 
The auctioneer was sweating in excitement and continued with his auction hammer, “Mr. Perry has bid three hundred and one million. Is there anyone else who wants to raise the price? Is there anyone else, three hundred and one million once, three hundred and one million twice…” 
This time, no one should be raising the price anymore, unless the youth spoke up again. But clearly, the youth was doing his homework and had no intention of raising his bid. This youth came to make a fool of him. 
However, just when everyone thought it was about to be over, a man had walked over from the quiet back row at some point and was heading towards where Ye Xingguang was sitting. “Mr. Su, you said you were short of cash, now I can lend you some. How much do you need? I’ll lend you as much as you want, and what’s more, I won’t charge you interest.” 
Wow, who was that, so generous! 
Su Maochang turned his head and saw Ye Junqing walking towards him leisurely. Ye Junqing nudged Xiao Mi Hu, who stood up in a daze, and then took his seat. 
After Ye Junqing sat down, he casually wrapped his arms around Ye Xingguang, crossing his long legs in a relaxed and comfortable posture, becoming the final focus of the venue. 
Su Maochang: “…” noveldrama
Even Ye Xingguang was surprised and turned to look at the handsome face of the ‘big tumor’: “Why are you here?” 
Ye Junqing gave her a glance and didn’t answer this boring question. 
Ji Qishu, who came with Ye Junqing, said to Su Maochang: “I heard that Mr. Su promised my sister-in-law that he would win the Ray of Luck for her even if it means going bankrupt. He happened to hear Mr. Su borrowing money. Now, our brother Qing is willing to lend you money. Mr. Su, do you still want to fulfill your promise?” 
Su Maochang forced a bitter smile: What else could I say? 
With no available cash, and Ye Junqing was willing to lend him as much as he wanted, he had no choice but to bear the brunt despite his dissatisfaction. He regretted opening his big mouth when Miss Carp was bidding for the ‘Diamond of Bad Luck’. 
He really wanted to slap his old self twice. 
“Three hundred and two million!” Su Maochang raised the bidding sign, his voice full of pain. 
The arrival of Ye Junqing once again pushed the atmosphere on the scene to a climax. Now there was a good show to watch. Ye Junqing and Harry Perry were in a bidding war, and he didn’t need to spend his own money. Su Maochang became the most unlucky guy.
###Chapter 597: Chapter 597: Not Even One-Tenth of You_1 
All of Harry Perry’s emotions were written all over his face. If he didn’t raise the price now, he felt he’d forever be suppressed by Ye Junqing: “Three hundred and thirty million!” 
A distressed Su Maochang: “Three hundred and forty million!” 
Harry Perry: “Three hundred and fifty million!” 
A disheartened Su Maochang: “Three hundred and sixty million!” 
Harry Perry: “Three hundred and seventy million!” 
A suicidal melancholic Su Maochang: “Three hundred and eighty million!” 
... 
Harry Perry: “Three hundred and ninety million!” 
A morose Su Maochang, who didn’t want to live any longer: “Three hundred and one thousand million!” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but laugh, covering her face and shaking with suppressed laughter into Ye Junqing’s shoulder. This unfortunate Su Maochang, was it so easy to auction the ill-fated diamond? 
Look, the curse of the ill-fated diamond had fallen on Su Maochang. She guessed he must be feeling like dying now. 
She whispered into Ye Junqing’s ear: “Why are you so wicked?” 
Ye Junqing also laughed: “Not even a tenth as much as you.” 
Ye Xingguang huffed, said nothing, and continued to listen to Harry Perry and Su Maochang’s relentless bidding. The two kept raising the price by a million each time. The sound was like a lullaby, making her sleepy. 
At this point, Harry Perry’s phone in his pocket rang. 
Harry Perry glanced at the incoming call display. It was from Lawson Perry. 
After picking up the call, Lawson Perry’s cold voice came through the phone: “Have you got so much money that you’re burning it?” 
Harry Perry was distressed. He also felt like he had too much money but he cared about his face. If he stopped bidding now, he’d lose to Ye Junqing again, and it was frustrating. 
Lawson Perry said on the phone: “Father has fainted and is on the way to the hospital. Get to the hospital right away!” 
“What? I’m coming!” Harry Perry said, standing up. 
Xia Yanyan, who was anxiously waiting for the results, looked puzzled when she saw Harry Perry standing up: “What’s wrong, Harry?” 
“My eldest brother just called, my father fainted. I have to rush to the hospital.” 
Having said that, he put down his bidding number and strode out. 
“Is Harry Perry no longer biding?” Ye Junqing was leisurely sitting in his seat, playing with Ye Xingguang’s hand in his. 
Harry Perry’s face darkened. He dropped a sentence: “My father is critically ill, I don’t have time to bid.” 
With that, he increased his pace and hurriedly left. 
Xia Yanyan didn’t even have time to react. With Harry’s father critically ill, she couldn’t insist that he finish the bidding before leaving. So she grabbed her handbag and followed his pace. 
As she walked past the stage, Xia Yanyan took a last glance at the brilliant ‘Luck Diamond’ on the stage. Clenching her handbag, she gave out a silent curse. That diamond should have been hers… 
Just as Xia Yanyan reached the entrance of the meeting room, she was stopped by a staff member: “Miss Xia, you haven’t paid yet for the ‘Dragon and Phoenix Emerald Jade Pendant’ that you won. You can’t leave.” 
“Harry…” 
Xia Yanyan called out to Harry Perry. 
Harry Perry turned around, remembering the auction rules: “I’ll keep my secretary with you. She will help you pay the two billion.” 
With that, Harry Perry rushed off on his own. 
Upon hearing that Harry Perry was willing to help her pay two billion, Xia Yanyan’s face finally turned slightly better.
###Chapter 598: Chapter 598: Could Such a Coincidence Really Occur? _1 
On stage, the auctioneer confirmed that no one would raise a bid. With a “bang,” the gavel fell, sealing the deal for tonight’s final premium item. The transaction far exceeded everyone’s expectations. 
The host stood on stage and said, “Congratulations, Miss Carp. Mr. Su has bid for the Light of Luck on your behalf. Tonight, you have become the final owner of both the Diamond of Misfortune and the Light of Luck. Will these two diamonds create a magical effect, ending the curse of the Diamond of Misfortune, and turn Miss Carp into the luckiest girl? I am already anticipating the arrival of this miracle…” 
Hearing this, everyone’s gazes fell on Ye Xingguang with complicated feelings. While everyone envied her for obtaining the Light of Luck, she also had the Diamond of Misfortune… Could they really create a magical effect to end its curse? 
However, this Miss Carp’s luck has always been extraordinary! 
Spending only slightly over a million tonight, she got two invaluable diamonds. Misfortune seemed to have never visited her, perhaps she might indeed be the ender of the misfortune. noveldrama
Because it was the premium item, the host wanted to enlivé the spirit of tonight’s final moments. Thus, he had the Diamond of Misfortune and Light of Luck brought up to the stage together, then gestured to Ye Xingguang, “Miss Ye, please come up on stage.” 
... 
Ye Xingguang glanced at Ye Junqing beside her and said softly, “I forgot to tell you, I bid on a diamond. But that diamond seems to be cursed, and all of its previous owners met with ill fate. You won’t blame me for bidding on the Diamond of Misfortune, right?” 
“I’m resilient.” Ye Junqing responded dismissively with three words. 
Currently in his observation period, even though he disapproved of her acquisition of the Diamond of Misfortune, he could only cheer her up by flaunting his family’s prosperity at the moment. 
So as not to burden her psychologically, he added, “I also forgot to tell you that right after you won the bid on the Diamond of Misfortune, your mother-in-law was at home waiting for lottery results. She won the first prize. She has never won the lottery in all the years she’s been buying tickets. This is her first time winning, and she won the jackpot. More than a hundred million in prize money. She’s still excited in the chat group, go see for yourself. Perhaps, you’re the one to break the curse of the Diamond of Misfortune, from now on, it may even be called the Diamond of Hope!” 
“Really?” Ye Xingguang was incredulous. 
She truly checked her phone, hundreds of unread messages awaited her in the family chat group. 
She didn’t have time to track down the messages sent by her mother-in-law. The host was waiting for her on stage. 
Ye Xingguang got up, went on stage, and received the Diamond of Misfortune and Light of Luck brought over by the staff. 
The host handed the microphone to her, hoping to hear her say a few words. 
Ye Xingguang, holding the microphone, playfully winked, “Just now Ye Junqing told me, my mother-in-law won the lottery jackpot minutes after I won the bid for the Diamond of Misfortune. She never won the lottery before, this is her first time. So, the miracle the host was waiting for has already happened. If you want some luck, remember to follow me on Weibo~~” 
“Wow! Really? There really are such coincidences?” The host gasped. 
Underneath the stage, there was also a half-believing, half-doubting gasp from the crowd. 
Ye Xingguang smiled, holding the two diamonds, descended the stage, walked hand in hand with Ye Junqing and disappeared from sight. 
Upon hearing Ye Xingguang’s words, Xia Yanyan turned green with envy. She had planned to make a big fuss about the Diamond of Misfortune after the auction ended. Who knew, Ye’s mother-in-law had won the lottery?
###Chapter 599: Chapter 599: Kick People at Every Disagreement_1
Even if Aunt Ye had won the first prize in the lottery, she was determined to find the media tonight and properly publicize the Misfortune Diamond!
Just you wait, any hint of misfortune in the Ye’s family in the future will be associated with the Misfortune Diamond!
The more proud White Lotus is now, the more miserable she will be in the future!
The curse of the Misfortune Diamond will sooner or later befall on her, causing her family to be ruined and people to die!
…
On the other side, Su Maochang was painfully paying. His liquid assets were limited. After swiping all the liquid funds he could, the remaining money was swiped by Ji Qishu for him.
... 
Ji Qishu stretched out his hand, patted Su Maochang’s shoulder, and expressed his sympathy: “President Su, our brother Qin has been good to you, hasn’t he? He even lent you one hundred million without interest. Generous people like him are rare these days.”
Su Maochang: “………”
Your brother Qin is not only a big tumor, but he also turned the pure and kind young lady into a tumor girl. This is clearly the effect of close to red, near to ink. I am so unlucky tonight!
Next to him, Xia Yanyan was also paying. Her bad mood was all on her face, fortunately, it wasn’t her who was paying, but Harry Perry.
Taking the Jade Pendant of Dragon and Phoenix from the organizers, Xia Yanyan thought: Fortunately, the main purpose of tonight has been achieved!
She will find an opportunity to give the Jade Pendant of Dragon and Phoenix to Madam Shen later, so that it’s not a waste for her to put up with the humiliation tonight!
…noveldrama
Leaving the auction, sitting in the car going home, Ye Xingguang couldn’t wait to open the family group chat and read the chat records, scrolling through hundreds of records, she finally found her grandmother-in-law’s message.
Bai Peiluan: “Ahhhhhh! My sons, I won! I won! I won! Ahhhhhh”
Tang Zhou: “Godmother, what did you win? A ‘Drink and Win’ or something?”
Bai Peiluan: “The Double-color Ball, the first prize, ah! I must be dreaming, ah-! I’ve never won even five dollars before, what’s going on tonight? I actually won the first prize!”
Tang Zhou: “Ahhhhhh…”
Ji Qishu: “Ahhhhhh…”
…
After countless screams, Ye Xingguang scrolled to a message from Ye Junqing.
Ye Junqing: “Your daughter-in-law has just bid for the Misfortune Diamond, otherwise, how could you be so lucky to win the lottery?”
Tang Zhou: “The Misfortune Diamond? The blue diamond reputed to ruin the family whoever owns it? Why would little starlight bid for that diamond, was she stimulated because Qing-ge didn’t bid for the ‘Light of Luck’ for her, or she hasn’t forgiven you yet? Are we all going to be ruined, I heard that whoever took this diamond, the whole family cannot escape from misfortune, they will die miserably, what should I do, I will die in the wild!”
Ye Junqing, who currently resents anyone dragging him down the most: “Your sister-in-law is the terminator of the curse of the Misfortune Diamond, otherwise how could your godmother win the lottery?”
Tang Zhou: “Can it be thought that way?”
System message: [Ji Qishu invited Tang Zhou to join the group chat.]
Bai Peiluan: “Xiao Zhou, what’s going on, how did you join the group chat, weren’t you always in the family group?”
Tang Zhou: “! ! ! ! ! !”
Tang Zhou: “I was just kicked out of the family group by Qing-ge! Qing-ge won’t let me tell the truth!”
Then, another system message: [Ji Qishu invited Tang Zhou to join the group chat.]
Oh, got kicked again.
Ye Xingguang watched up to here, chuckled, turned her head, and gave a glance at the big tumor who was constantly kicking people out of the group on his phone: “Why are you so domineering, removing people at the drop of a hat?”
###Chapter 600: Chapter 600 – When Will You Give Me a Pair of Dragon and Phoenix Twins?_1
Of course, it’s all about pampering the wife. A man on a probationary period can’t afford to be wounded.
Ji Qishu, who was in the passenger seat, said: “Little Xingguang, do you now believe that Qing Ge only has you in his heart? How do you feel, being spoiled by Qing Ye, feel especially blessed?”
Ye Xingguang felt happy inside, but quipped: “The one who spent money on diamonds for me, was Su Maochang.”
Ji Qishu replied discontentedly: “If it weren’t for Qing Ye supporting Su Maochang financially from behind the scenes, how could Su Maochang be able to afford the Lucky Light?”
Ye Xingguang chuckled and didn’t reply but gazed out of the window at the countless neon lights flashing by: “It’s a pity about the emerald jade pendant. My original plan for attending the auction tonight was to buy it to give to Grandma Shen, but that wish was unfulfilled…”
Ye’s patriarch also saw the news about Mrs. Shen: “There is a storage room in our house. It contains many gifts that were given to me by others. Look through them to find something suitable to give to Mrs. Shen. Just tell her that it’s from me.”
... 
Even now, Ye’s patriarch vividly remembered his last visit to her house, where she complained about his appearance. She even told Xing Guang not to rush into a decision, and encouraged her parents to keep their options open.
Even though he felt a little sour over this, he still had to bribe Mrs. Shen.
“There are many treasures in there?”
“Just go and see when you have time.”
“There’s no time like the present, how about tonight?”
Thus, when they returned to the Ye’s mansion, Xing Guang couldn’t wait to go to the storage room to pick out a gift for Grandma Shen.
She was surprised to find treasures piled up like a mountain in the storage room, each one displayed on a shelf. After browsing for a while, she finally settled on a pair of jade dolls, a pair of a dragon and a phoenix, which seemed the most suitable for gifting to an elderly person.
After she made her selection, Ye Xingguang took the jade dolls back to Ye’s patriarch’s bedroom.
Just as he was coming out of the bathroom after a shower, with his hair still wet, Ye Xingguang approached: “Do you like these?”
“Not bad, they also represent the dragon and phoenix bringing luck.”
“Heh, let’s wrap them up and mail them to Grandma Shen later. Wish her granddaughter to have twins within a year, also being a dragon and a phoenix.”
After she had put away the jade dolls, Ye’s patriarch walked over to hug her: “When will you give me a pair of dragon and phoenix twins?”
At this, Ye Xingguang immediately distanced herself, pushing him away, saying: “You’re dripping water from your hair onto my face. Stay away from me. Bout to take a bath. As for the notion of twins, which are rare and can’t be demanded, don’t get your hopes up. BE careful or I might bear a batch of fish spawn.”
Ye’s patriarch: “……”
After Xing Guang went to take a bath, Ye’s patriarch lay on the bed to think about this seriously.
What would be the species of a child between a mermaid and a vampire?
A mermaid ghost?
Or a vampire fish?
Ye’s patriarch couldn’t stop his mind from wandering downwards in a spiral. He thought more and more about it but couldn’t come to a conclusion. Finally, he got lost in his thoughts.
When Ye Xingguang came out from her bath, she saw her man’s serious face as he sat on the bed, lost in thought. Even after she got on the bed, he didn’t immediately hold her in his arms.noveldrama
“What are you thinking about? It’s bedtime.”
With that, she turned off the bedside lamp with a click.
Only then did Ye’s patriarch lie down, and bringing her into an embrace he kneaded her gently: “What kind of species do you think our future child will be?”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang: “Aren’t they humans, are we some kind of interspecies love affair?”
Ye’s patriarch: “Maybe a mermaid ghost, or even a vampire fish.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
###Chapter 601: Chapter 601: The Female Donor Turns Out to be the Emperor’s Command 1_1
Ye Junqing pinned her down: “Why don’t we give it a try tonight, and see what we can sow?”
“No, I’m not interested. My mom already said our engagement has been called off, whether we can be together in the future is still uncertain. Uh, why… It’s that time of the month! Really!”
Ye Junqing: “!!!!!!”
…
The next day, Ye Xingguang did not go to the hospital, but to report to her new work team instead. However, it seemed that the new team was not very welcoming. All new colleagues maintained their distance, as if afraid to get too close.
The new work team is the public relations team for the upcoming President, and she only knows one person currently – a girl named Xiao Yao, whom she met at Ye Shiting’s office villa during the presidential election voting.
... 
In a few days, it would be the presidential inauguration, and the entire news team was very busy. They needed teamwork, but everyone was avoiding her. This made it difficult for her to fit in with her new colleagues.
She found an opportunity to ask Xiao Yao what was really going on.
Xiao Yao handed her the front page of the day’s newspaper for her to see, then also distanced herself.
Holding the newspaper, Ye Xingguang saw that several eye-catching headlines read: [Disaster Diamond PK Lucky Light, will Miss Carp’s luck rise to new heights, or go through dramatic ups and downs?]
Because she bought the Disaster Diamond, her new colleagues were now afraid that she might be cursed by it. Afraid that if they get too close, they might be infected by the curse. The looks her new colleagues gave her were filled with disbelief!
How much confidence must one have in their own luck to dare to buy the Disaster Diamond – this blue diamond stained with blood and killings?noveldrama
Ye Xingguang looked at the similar reports, shrugged nonchalantly, and began her day’s work.
During noon break, Han Chengbei called, also because of her purchasing the Disaster Diamond the night before. He insisted on inviting her out for dinner that evening, to give her an amulet for protection.
Han Chengbei spoke solemnly over the phone: “My goodness! Don’t think that having a regret pill that can change fate means you can act recklessly. Are you at the hospital? I’ll come find you. I recently felt unlucky. I just went with my old grandma to the Daying Temple to burn incense. We got a string of consecrated Buddha Beads. I’ll begrudge it a little and give it to you for protection first.”
“I have full confidence in my own luck. Just keep your consecrated bracelet for your own peace.”
Han Chengbei, unable to get her to agree to meet, still wouldn’t give up: “You’re at the hospital, right? Wait there, I’m driving over now. Please meet me at the security gate.”
“Hold on, I’m not at the hospital.”
“Then where are you?”
Ye Xingguang gave him an address. As Ye Shiting hadn’t taken office yet, their current office location was temporary, located on the third floor of KOCO TV Station.
Twenty minutes later, Han Chengbei called from the security gate of KOCO building, asking her to come down.
Ye Xingguang had no choice so she went downstairs. There she saw Han Chengbei chatting with the security guard sporting a trendy new hairstyle, waving at her from afar.
Ye Xingguang walked over and started: “You really came. I’m at work.”
Without hesitation, Han Chengbei put a string of black Buddha Beads on her wrist and, not satisfied, pulled out several talismans from his pocket and stuffed them into her hand: “Paste one in your office, one in your home, and one in the car you usually ride.”
Looking at the yellow talismans in her hand, Ye Xingguang was at a loss for words: “When did Han the Younger become so superstitious?”
“All for your life! Of all the things to bid on, you had to choose the Disaster Diamond!”
###Chapter 602: Chapter 602: The Female Donor Turns Out to be the Emperor’s Command 2_1 
Han Chengbei stretched out his hand and pointed sternly at her forehead then said casually, “I’m leaving. I have stuff to deal with this afternoon and no time to chat with you here. You’re busy, but so am I. Do you really think I’m some pampered child who has nothing to do after eating?” 
Ye Xingguang laughed, “Thank you for your good intentions.” 
She, of course, knew that Han Chengbei was not a pampered child with nothing to do after eating. To stand out among his brothers, all of whom had strong abilities and skills, and become the favorite youngest son of old man Han, and inherit the Han family’s vast media empire, although it had something to do with her “regret medicine”, it surely had a lot to do with his own efforts too. 
Ye Xingguang then thought of how Han Chengbei initially bought the “regret medicine” from her on Weibo. 
Back then, Han Chengbei had been framed by his older brother, despised by his parents, and became the abandoned son of the Han family, homeless and in dire straits… 
Returning to the office, Ye Xingguang casually tossed the talisman into the trash can, but a colleague happened to see it when he was throwing away his trash. He actually picked it up and stuck it on the back of her computer monitor, even taking a photo and sending it to the office group chat. 
... 
Ye Xingguang, seeing the picture in the group chat: “……” 
Ye Xingguang saved the picture, sent it to Ye Junqing, and laughed helplessly, [What to do, now everyone is worried about me being struck by ill fortune, why aren’t you worried at all?] 
Ye Junqing simply replied: [The project we’ve been talking about for half a year has just been secured.] 
Ye Xingguang: “Wow————-” 
So, was all of this good luck brought by her purchase of the ill-fated diamond? 
However, after work, as she was waiting for her driver at the entrance of the office building, she ran into Xia Ye Zhao before her driver arrived. 
Xia Ye Zhao’s car pulled up right in front of her, a bodyguard opened the door for her and after some thought, Ye Xingguang got into the car. 
“Brother, where are you taking me?” 
Xia Ye Zhao said, “There’s an abbot named Huixian at Da Ying Temple. By sheer coincidence, we’re somewhat acquainted. I just bought a bracelet for you, but it needs to be blessed by the one who’ll wear it. Come with me to see the master Huixian. Once he’s blessed it, keep it on your wrist and don’t take it off.” 
Ye Xingguang lifted her hand, “I already have one, it’s also been blessed.” 
Xia Ye Zhao asked sternly, “Did you personally go to the temple to have it blessed?” 
“Well, no, Han Chengbei gave it to me. He said he got it blessed at the temple. Big brother, I don’t want to go to the temple, it’s starting to get dark soon, I want to go eat,” she stressed. 
“If you didn’t go and get it blessed personally, it might not work. The beads of this Buddha Beads are not as good as the one I bought for you. Be good, it’ll only take an hour. I’ve already arranged a time with Huixian. Huixian is not someone you can meet just because you want to. Many prominent officials and wealthy businessmen want to meet him, but they don’t always get to see him.” 
Ye Xingguang sighed inwardly, “Brother, how come you’re suddenly so superstitious?” 
Xia Ye Zhao wasn’t superstitious, but the previous collectors of the ill-fated diamond didn’t end well. Now that it involved his sister’s personal safety, he had to be careful, “You shouldn’t have purchased the ill-fated diamond.” 
“Anyway, I’ve experienced ill fortune since childhood and always survived big difficulties, what should I be afraid of?” noveldrama
Her words directly hit Xia Ye Zhao and the guilt in his eyes came rushing up again. 
Ye Xingguang quickly changed her tone, “I am someone who is always blessed following a big difficulty. Brother, don’t worry about me.” 
How could he not worry, even Ye Junqing doesn’t seem to manage her, letting her do as she pleases!
###Chapter 603: Chapter 603: The Female Donor Turns Out to be the Emperor’s Command 3_1 
At this moment, Ye Xingguang’s cell phone rang in her pocket. It was the driver, a young handsome man, who was nearly in tears because he couldn’t find her, “Miss Ye, where are you? Have you run into trouble?” 
Phooey! 
“I’ve caught a ride with someone else. You can head back first. No need to pick me up today.” 
But the driver was concerned, “Miss Ye, could you tell me whose car you got into and where you’re heading, otherwise I won’t be at ease.” 
“A friend is taking me to the Great British Temple.” 
“Oh, Miss Ye, be sure to give good prayers. May the Buddha bless you with safety and a long life.” The driver’s voice sounded pleading. Before hanging up, he emphasized, “Make sure to pray sincerely, remember to show reverence.” 
... 
Ye Xingguang: “……” 
Meanwhile, in the meditation room of Master Huixian in the Great British Temple, an unexpected guest was giving a peace charm to Master Huixian and asking him to consecrate it. 
By the time Xia Ye Zhao brought Ye Xingguang to visit Master Huixian, he had just finished consecrating the jade Buddha beads. 
By the time Xia Ye Zhao and Ye Xingguang were led by a young monk to the door of Master Huixian’s meditation room, the unexpected guest had just left with the consecrated jade Buddha beads. The two parties perfectly avoided meeting each other. 
However, Ye Xingguang managed to make out the outline of a figure through the backdoor of the moon gate. It looked somewhat like the malignant tumor… huh, was she seeing things? 
Why would the malignant tumor come to such a place? He was the only one who didn’t believe in superstitions. 
[Where are you?] Ye Xingguang was walking while texting Ye Junqing. 
As Ye Junqing, who was about to leave the Great British Temple, responded: [Working late at the office, might be home later.] 
[] I saw a silhouette at the Great British Temple that looked like you, must be my mistake, never mind, carry on with your work.] 
Ye Junqing glanced back instinctively, replying: [What are you doing at the Great British Temple?] 
Ye Xingguang’s response: [My brother insisted on taking me to the Great British Temple. He wants me to bring a string of Buddha Beads to Master Huixian for a blessing. You are the only skeptical one in the world, everyone else is worried that I’ll become a victim of the diamond of disaster.] 
Ye Junqing felt the peace charm in his pocket, responding: [Just now, my dad called to tell me that he saw a carp jump over the dragon gate at the pond at home. Good luck is smiling on us, no doubt, you’re the one who will end the rein of the diamond of disaster.] 
[Ok ok, I won’t disturb you, I have reached.] 
After saying that, Ye Xingguang put away her phone. She thought to herself, the malignant tumor could indeed be the man she had her eyes on, not like the others. 
Master Huixian’s meditation room. 
Ye Xingguang took off her shoes and entered with Xia Ye Zhao. While Xia Ye Zhao was talking with Master Huixian, she quietly sat beside Xia Ye Zhao, curiously looking around. 
Master Huixian’s perceived aura was like that of a Taoist master, despite his Buddhist background. He held a high status amongst the elites in the capital due to his accuracy in future predictions for noblewomen about marriage and childbirth, gaining their admiration. 
Xia Ye Zhao respectfully communicated with Master Huixian, “Master, could you please help my younger sister predict her fortune?” 
Master Huixian glanced at Ye Xingguang, and his spiritually enlightened eyes caused Ye Xingguang to sit straight, “Master, I don’t think you need to predict my fortune. I know my fate, after great disaster comes great fortune.”noveldrama
###Chapter 604: Chapter 604: The Female Donor Turns Out to be the Emperor’s Command 4_1 
“Little sis, don’t say anything.” Xia Ye Zhao didn’t want her to offend Master Huixian, who had a rather peculiar temper. If the relations were bad, even if you tried to be friendly, Master Huixian wouldn’t tell your fortune. 
However, when Master Huixian saw Ye Xingguang, he did not get angry. Instead, he opened his mouth and said: “No worries. The woman’s date and time of birth.” 
Xia Ye Zhao handed Ye Xingguang’s birth details to Master Huixian and didn’t forget to emphasize, “My little sister won a diamond at an auction yesterday, the Diamond of Misfortune. It is said that anyone who obtains the Diamond of Misfortune will ultimately die an unnatural death. I hope the master can help my little sister through this difficulty and turn her misfortune into good fortune, ensuring her long-term peace and happiness.” 
Upon hearing these words, Master Huixian let his clear eyed gaze sweep over Ye Xingguang’s face again, then took Xia Ye Zhao’s birth details with a slight frown on his face. 
Ye Xingguang sat with crossed legs next to Xia Ye Zhao, her heart racing as well. 
Would this master predict, doom like in television dramas and say she was born under a solitary, evil star? 
... 
This was a common trope in TV shows and for female protagonists. You had to meet your so-called destined lover, who was also a solitary, evil star to change your destiny. She had read too many novels with this plot. If Master Huixian said the same thing, she might die laughing. 
Xia Ye Zhao’s heart seemed to jump out of his chest: “Master, why are you frowning, is my little sister’s birth chart not good?” 
Master Huixian waved his hand: “Benificator Xia should not worry. This lady benefactor’s birth chart is one showing prosperity and wealth, something this old monk has never seen before. It reveals riches and honor, active element favoring her husband, children, father, mother, brothers, and nation, and even those by her side. Born to rule, such destiny is not inferior to men. Even without marrying a rich man, she can still live a life of great wealth and honor through her own efforts. What the old monk finds most incredible is…she has an Emperor’s destiny!” 
Unbelievable Xia Ye Zhao stammered: “An Emperor’s destiny, does this mean my little sister has the potential to become a female president?” 
“That…” Master Huixian seemed to ponder: “Strange, very strange. Judging from her horoscope and her appearance, her Emperor’s Destiny should be for a real emperor, not a temporary presidential position.” 
Xia Ye Zhao: “… …” 
Monarchy had long ended. The current system is presidential, how could one become a real emperor? noveldrama
Did Master Huixian get it wrong? 
However, this wasn’t what Xia Ye Zhao cared about. What Xia Ye Zhao cared about was whether his little sister would be cursed by the Diamond of Misfortune and whether it would eventually lead to her untimely death in the wilderness. 
Xia Ye Zhao asked: “Master, will the Diamond of Misfortune affect my little sister?” 
Master Huixian thought for a while: “You’re overthinking it. Her fate is unparalleled in luck, benefits her husband and family, and is abundant with children and blessings. But, as a child, did this lady benefactor face continuous misfortunes and adversity?” 
Ye Xingguang, who initially thought Master Huixian was unreliable, found her heart fluttering when he said she would benefit her parents, husband, and children, and couldn’t help but feel admiration and respect. 
“Master, indeed I had a tough childhood and was full of hardships. I had a hard life. Does that mean I have already faced all the bad luck I was destined to face in my lifetime, and thus must my remaining life inevitably be filled prolonged blessings and lifelong wealth?” 
Master Huixian said: “Amituofo. When adversity reaches its height, it will turn into good luck. I’ve seen countless people’s life stories throughout my life. This lady’s destiny and birth chart are a first for me. It’s very rare in this world, strange, indeed.”
###Chapter 605: Chapter 605: The Female Donor Turns Out to be an Imperial Decree 5_1 
Haha, upon leaving the Daying Temple, Ye Xingguang walked away at a pace that suggested she didn’t recognize anyone! 
After getting in the car, Ye Xingguang shook the Buddha beads in her hand, saying. “Brother, you don’t have to worry about me anymore, right? Master Huixian said my bad luck is all gone. From now on, I’m a carp girl who’ll bring good fortune for three generations. Moreover, it will not only bring prosperity to my husband, son, but also everyone around me. You don’t have to worry about me anymore.” 
Now, she is wearing the Buddha beads given by Han Chengbei on her left hand and the Buddha beads given by Xia Ye Zhao on her right hand. Both hands are heavily adorned. 
Leaving Daying Temple, a burden was indeed lifted from Xia Ye Zhao’s heart. 
On the way back, Xia Ye Zhao was thinking of spreading Master Huixian’s words so that Ye’s family people would know that she would be a great daughter-in-law. That way when she marries into the Ye’s family, they would care for her more. 
After the car entered the urban area, Ye Xingguang offered the address of a snack bar near C University. noveldrama
... 
After they got out, she waved goodbye to Xia Ye Zhao and said, “Brother Xia, I’ll have dinner here. You can go first.” 
Unfortunately, Xia Ye Zhao also got off the car, “I haven’t eaten either. We can eat together.” 
“You might not be able to eat the food here.” 
“If you can eat it, why can’t I? I’ve also been to college. Is the university next to us your alma mater?” 
“Yes.” 
The snack bar Ye Xingguang walked in to was a hot pot place, filled with lots of college students. 
Ye Xingguang, who was familiar with the place, picked up a little basket and stood in front of the dishes to choose. She didn’t forget to recommend it to Xia Ye Zhao, “Brother Xia, this, this, and this are all very delicious, you should try it.” 
“Okay.” Xia Ye Zhao picked up another basket and chose dishes next to her. To be honest, although Xia Ye Zhao had been to college, he had never eaten hot pot before, mainly because he thought it was dirty. 
But now, seeing her little sister’s interest, he didn’t have the heart to say it was dirty, he chose whatever she chose, handed it to her after he was done, and then found an empty table to sit down. 
The table was also dirty. After wiping his hand on the tabletop, it felt greasy. Xia Ye Zhao picked up the tissue on the table and dutifully wiped it twice. 
Two female college students eating at the next table kept glancing at him, even planning to take a sneak photo of him with their phones. Xia Ye Zhao remembered the last time his photo with his little sister was posted online by the paparazzi, and he frowned and gave the two female college students a cold look. 
Ye Xingguang also brought over two marinated duck heads, “Brother Xia, you should try this, I really like it.” 
“Okay.” 
Ye Xingguang picked up her chopsticks, enjoying the marinated duck head. At this time, she received a message from Ye Junqing. 
Ye Junqing: [Still not back?] 
Ye Xingguang: [Yes, I’m on my way. I’m having hot pot with my brother near my alma mater, we’ll go back home after we’ve eaten.] 
Ye Junqing: [Just recovered from sickness and now eating this dirty food, does Xia Ye Zhao have a brain?] 
Ye Xingguang: [I invited him to eat with me, I haven’t eaten hot pot in a long time, I was craving it. By the way, Master Huixian read my fortune, guess what he said about my luck?] 
Ye Junqing: [Doomed to be alone, missing me in your life?] 
Argh, stop being so narcissistic! 
Ye Xingguang typed very fast, her fingers dancing on the virtual keyboard: [I’ll bring good luck to my husband, son, father, mother, brother, country, and even the people around me. Impressive, isn’t it?]
###Chapter 606: Chapter 606: Night Monarch Qing’s Will to Live 1_1 
Just after Ye Xingguang had sent out the message, Ye Junqing immediately replied: [Lucky Charm? Did you successfully bless someone last night?] 
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!!!!!!” 
Couldn’t he focus on the main point of her message? Wasn’t the emphasis on how lucky she was? 
Feeling frustrated, Ye Xingguang put her phone away, deciding not to pay attention to the annoying person who missed the whole point of her message, and focused on eating her duck neck. noveldrama
Ignoring the notification sound of messages on WeChat, she was determined not to check her phone. Hence, she had no idea Ye Junqing had screen-capped her chat and thrown it in the family group chat and @mentioned everyone. 
Suddenly, the family chat group exploded! 
... 
Bai Peiluan: “My boy, is this real? Did Master Huixian really say that when Xingguang thrives, it affects everyone around her for three generations, even those close to her?” 
Bai Peiluan had great respect for Master Huixian and made large donations to Dasi Temple annually. Therefore, Master Huixian’s words were considered unvarnished truth to her. If he indeed said that, didn’t it mean her lottery first prize was due to her daughter-in-law’s good luck? 
Tang Zhou: “I usually worship the carp girl. I’m off to re-post little Xingguang’s posts on my Weibo. I heard many netizens who frequently repost little Xingguang’s posts have found their ideal spouse in the civil affairs office. Are they forcing me to believe this?” 
Yeshiting burst into laughter seeing his younger brother brainwashing everyone since the previous evening that the misfortune diamond his sister had clicked would bring lucky fortunes instead. 
Yeshiting: “So, our sister is this lucky, no wonder I could survive the fire incident and successfully became the President later.” 
Bai Peiluan: “Your dad and I also managed to escape from pirates. It’s all because we met little Xingguang, Master Huixian was right. We’re fortunate because of our daughter-in-law. Today, several people called me saying that my daughter-in-law is probably a jinx. That made me furious… I am posting this on my WeChat moments right now, to show them what’s called a slap in the face!” 
Unbeknownst to Ye Xingguang, while she was enjoying her spicy hot pot, her mother-in-law was spreading the good news of her prosperous luck affecting three generations on WeChat moments. 
Tang Zhou, having nothing better to do, @carp girl, bless me! Bless me! Quickly bless me! 
After posting, he screen-capped it to the family chat. Unexpectedly, his brothers followed suit and reposted his Weibo post. 
Tang Xiao: @carp girl, bless me! Bless me! Quickly bless me! 
Mu Nianbai: @carp girl, bless me! Bless me! Quickly bless me! 
Mo Zhe: @carp girl, bless me! Bless me! Quickly bless me! 
Mo Fei: @carp girl, bless me! Bless me! Quickly bless me! 
Fu Zhuo: @carp girl, bless me! Bless me! Quickly bless me! 
Actually, everyone was supporting Ye Xingguang for the sake of Tang Zhou, becoming the media’s target by questioning her causing misfortune to Ye’s Family, they decisively supported her. Only Tang Zhou wanted to get a share of the good fortune. 
On Weibo, netizens were puzzled and confused about these extraordinary actions of Ye’s Family’s children. Can anyone explain what is going on? 
Especially those big V users who earn money through internet traffic, capitalized on Ye’s family members’ posts and managed to hype up the topic in less than an hour. 
However, even with all the hype, no one knew why the children of Ye’s Family would post such Weibo messages. 
Fueled by curiosity, the onlookers joined the discussion, the more the discussion, the higher the heat. Followers who like to join the bandwagon, regardless of anything, everyone: @carp girl, bless me! Bless me! Quickly bless me!
###Chapter 607: Chapter 607: Night Monarch Qing’s Will to Live 2_1 
After eating a pot of spicy hot pot, Ye Xingguang belched satisfyingly. 
Xia Ye Zhao drove her to the hospital. After she got off the car, he noticed that everyone on Weibo was discussing the matter, so he made a post about Master Huixian’s words on his verified account but didn’t mention the matter about the Empress. 
Xia Ye Zhao thought that the Empress was too unbelievable, which would make Master Huixian’s words lack credibility. If it backfired, netizens would consider it a ridiculous joke. 
When Ye Xingguang returned to the hospital villa, Ye Junqing had already taken a shower and was sitting at the table by the window, holding a laptop for a video conference. 
He had placed all the peace charms he had gotten from Master Huixian under the sheets of her pillow, as it was said that sleeping with peace charms could keep her safe and prevent nightmares from disturbing her. 
Ye Junqing, who was not superstitious, also secretly sent a lot of incense money to Daying Temple, not seeking anything but hoping that Master Huixian’s words would come true and truly bless her with great fortune. 
... 
His wife was interested in the cursed diamond, and he couldn’t stop her from bidding for it, but necessary protection and ideological work at home had to be in place. 
About this, Ye Xingguang was completely unaware. 
She brought back some late-night snacks, saw that Ye Junqing was in a video conference, and thus lightly tread so as not to distract him from his work. She quietly placed the snacks next to him and went to the bathroom. 
When she came out of the shower, she found that he was still in the meeting. His serious and proud face radiated a strong oppressive aura without a sound. 
The executives at the other end of the video felt this even more intensely. A subsidiary of the Ye Group had a crisis public relations issue. Ye Junqing was furious. An issue that could have been resolved smoothly had worsened due to the CEO of the subsidiary withholding information, and it had been reported online. His face looked like the prelude to a storm. 
After taking a shower, Ye Xingguang climbed into bed and looked at the man’s profile under the desk lamp. Sure enough, women couldn’t resist men’s charm when they were working. 
Otherwise, why would so many people say that men are the most charming when they are working? noveldrama
Just by listening to him discussing solutions with the executives in the video, issuing commands one after another, and seeing the way he calmly strategized, she could not control her heart from being infatuated and feeling a sense of admiration. 
When Ye Junqing finished the video meeting and turned around, he found a girl lying sideways on the bed, her bright eyes watching him in fascination. Ye Junqing was taken aback, stepped forward, got to the bedside, and leaned down, planning to kiss her bright eyes. 
Ye Xingguang dodged slightly, but Ye Junqing put his hands on her sides, looked down at her and asked, “Am I good-looking?” 
“If I look too much, I don’t think it’s worth seeing.” Ye Xingguang responded facetiously. 
She extended two slender hands from under the blanket, pressing against his chest, preventing him from leaning further down. Ye Junqing noticed that she was wearing Buddha Beads on both wrists, “Why are there two strings?” 
Ye Xingguang held up her left hand: “This string was given by Han Chengbei.” 
Then, she raised her right hand: “This was from Brother Xia.” 
“You sure have a lot of people who care for you!” Ye Junqing’s voice contained a hint of jealousy. 
“Are you jealous? Then I’ll take them off.” Good, she didn’t want to wear them in the first place. 
Ye Junqing stopped her, he was indeed jealous, but they were Buddha Beads meant for protection. Even if he was upset, he suppressed it. 
Although Master Huixian said she was blessed with good fortune, who knew whether Master Huixian was telling the truth. If she were truly blessed, she wouldn’t have been neglected by her parents since she was a child and had suffered so much.
###Chapter 608: Chapter 608: Night Monarch Qing’s Will to Live 3_1
“No?”
“Then just keep it on. I’ll show you the extent of my tolerance through my actions!” His deep voice was so attractive!
Then, he added, “If you take it off, it means you don’t trust me.”
How can Ye Xingguang take it off then?
Ye Xingguang looked surprised, “Are you worried that I’ve been cursed too?”
“Do you think I’m that kind of superstitious man? As long as you like it, you can buy whatever you want, buy it with confidence.”
... 
Anyway, he had already placed about fifty peace charms under his pillow.
Although Master Huixian said that she was blessed with abundant good fortune, who knows if Master Huixian was just bluffing? If she was really blessed, she wouldn’t have been neglected by her parents and suffered so much since her childhood.
—
The next day, the topic about Ye’s family members @CarpGirlSeekingGoodLuck was even more heated on Weibo.
At this time, a knowledgeable person with a big V account revealed that Master Huixian of the Great Mercy Temple had read Carp Girl’s Bazi (a form of Chinese astrology) and determined that she was extremely lucky and brought prosperity to fathers, husbands, sons, countries, and people around her…
Suddenly, the online craze for worshipping the Carp Girl became even more intense.
Xia Yanyan was enraged when she saw the revelation. Originally, she planned to use the Misfortune Diamond to stir up some trouble and plant some seeds of doubt in the hearts of Ye’s family members. But who could have anticipated that Master Huixian would endorse her in such a manner?
With Master Huixian’s commendable reputation and credibility, many respected elders in the wealthy circle abided by his words. Now, who would still regard her as an ill omen? Currently, all the mothers-in-law in the wealthy circle are envious of Ye’s family…
Ye Xingguang never expected a simple remark from Master Huixian to attract so many worshippers.
The next day when she went to work, her colleagues, who were initially estranged and fearful of associating with her in case of bad luck, all gathered to inquire if the revelation was true. Once they found out it was indeed true, they all collectively sought her blessing. This…
The third day was even more exaggerated. Her colleagues started bringing their own snacks for her to eat, not for anything else but just hoping that she would mingle with them more often.
No one knew whether Master Huixian’s words were true or not, but a male colleague’s wife had been wanting to get pregnant for years with no luck. However, after the male colleague brought some cookies that his wife made for Ye Xingguang to eat, his wife began to feel morning sickness the same day, and after a check at the hospital, she turned out to be pregnant.
“Is it true or false, is it really so effective?” Other colleagues surrounded the male colleague and questioned him.noveldrama
The male colleague, boasting a beaming smile, confidently affirmed, “My wife just called me, saying that the hospital test confirmed her pregnancy. She even asked me to take in more of Xingguang’s blessings, who knows, maybe we might even have twins.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
“Ah, I also want to bask in more good fortune, Xingguang, we’ve been colleagues for a few days now, should I be considered as someone close to you? Recently, every stock I bought has plummeted, you must give me good luck.”
Ye Xingguang gave a forced laugh: “Okay, I hope you will gain some good fortune, and your stocks will skyrocket tomorrow.”
She said it casually, but the next morning, the stocks the colleague had bought really did rise drastically.
This time, all her colleagues in the office lost their composure. They fawned over Ye Xingguang all day, gave her snacks, and after work, even invited her to have a spa without her needing to pay a single cent.
As soon as she began working with the new team, Ye Xingguang had become the star of good fortune in the hearts of all her colleagues.
…
At the Imperial Capital International Airport, a plane landed. Mrs. Shen and Mr. Zhuo walked out of the plane.
One was invited to attend the farewell dinner of President Yanbei, while the other was invited to perform at the inauguration dinner of the new president. Walking out with them was Mr. Gu.
###Chapter 609: Chapter 609: Night Monarch Qing’s Will to Live 4_1
Master Gu had already arranged for someone to pick her up at the airport. Upon her arrival at the airport door, he opened the car door for Madam Shen to get in.
“Yu Ci, you have no place to stay in the capital, would you like to stay with me at our old home? I haven’t changed a thing, the decor, the furniture, everything is still the same as before we divorced…”
Yet, Madam Shen just ignored Master Gu.
The Zhuo family also sent a car to pick up Master Zhuo. Madam Shen directly accompanied Master Zhuo and got into their car, leaving Master Gu in a cloud of exhaust fumes.
Madam Shen’s return to the capital this time was at the invitation of the National Music Association, to conduct a huge choir at the Presidential Inauguration Dinner. The original conductor had been hospitalized with sudden cardiovascular disease, and no one else dared to step in at such a critical moment, hence the chairman of the National Music Association personally called Madam Shen to ask her to come.
That same evening, Madam Shen met some of her students in a classy restaurant.
... 
Before retiring, Madam Shen was a professor at the best music academy in the capital, K University, and was also the president of the National Music Association. Today many influential figures in the music industry are her students.
When Madam Shen arrived, the large private room of the restaurant was already filled with people. As she walked in, everyone got up and called her “teacher.”
Seeing her students made Madam Shen quite happy. She chatted with each student who came to greet her before sitting down to join them for dinner.
Madam Shen also called Ye Xingguang, inviting her to dine at the restaurant.
Ye Xingguang drove herself that day. She took her car to the front of the restaurant using GPS, spotted a parking space, and was about to pull into it when a luxurious nanny car beat her to it.noveldrama
Depressed at being unable to take the parking space, Ye Xingguang sulked.
What made her feel even worse was that Xia Yanyan was being escorted from the nanny car by a group of bodyguards, as though she was a celebrity.
Following Xia Yanyan out of the car was Ye Li. The two of them, clad in heels, quickly entered the restaurant under the escort of the bodyguards
Ye Xingguang, irritated that her parking skills paled in comparison, drove around in circles unable to find a parking spot and ended up waiting at the entrance, hoping that someone would leave and free up a spot. Otherwise, she didn’t know where she could park.
After entering the restaurant, Xia Yanyan went straight for the private room in which Madam Shen was dining. A waiter guided her as someone had already informed her about Madam Shen’s whereabouts.
In the private room, Madam Shen was discussing current affairs with her students.
Madam Shen looked at a man in his forties and asked, “Chen Fengyu, how are you?”
Before Chen Fengyu could respond, someone else answered for him: “Teacher Shen, Chen Fengyu is now quite renowned. The songs he has written have made many stars famous and now many well-known singers are lining up for him to write songs for them. He has become a big shot in the music industry.”
Fengyu, who was usually lavished with praise, didn’t dare to call himself a big shot in front of Madam Shen. He modestly shook his head, “Honorable teacher, please don’t listen to them. I’m just doing okay. How can I dare call myself a big shot in front of you? If it weren’t for your guidance, I would have probably faded off the scene a long time ago.”
Madam Shen told him not to be so modest, then asked about someone else: “And how about Zhang Yuhuan?”
###Chapter 610: Chapter 610: Grandma Shen’s Granddaughter Turns Out to Be Her 1_1
Chen Fengyu: “Tianqi Music Group, now managed by Elder Sister Yuhuan, has become a leader in domestic online music services. The group has grown substantially, not only boasting the largest music library in the country, but also thriving in aspects such as live performances, concerts, and music merchandising. The fact that they have over two hundred million paid users solidifies their position as the top player in the domestic digital music field.”
Zhang Yuhuan modestly responded, “In front of my mentor, there’s no need to inflate my achievements. Mentor, shall we start our meal?”
Today’s dinner was orchestrated by Zhang Yuhuan herself. She was now thirty-five years old, dressed in a brown professional dress, a typical successful career woman, with very measured and refined manners.
Madam Shen checked the time: “No rush, wait a moment. I also invited my god-granddaughter to meet you folks. She should be arriving soon.”
In addition to Chen Fengyu and Zhang Yuhuan, several other students were also curious, “God-granddaughter? Mentor, is she the granddaughter you mentioned in the media interview? What does she do? We never knew.”
Madam Shen replied, “That’s why I want to introduce her to you. She may not work in the music industry, but she sometimes dabbles in songwriting. When she enters the industry, do look after her a bit. Her musical talent is something I helped cultivate. If she were to enter the music world, she would certainly be at par with current singing stars. It’s a pity she doesn’t plan to make music her main focus; she simply sees it as a hobby.”
... 
Hearing Madam Shen’s words, everyone at the table became interested in this god-granddaughter.
At this point, there was a knock at the door of the room. Madam Shen’s heart leaped for joy, “That must be my god-granddaughter arriving.”
Hearing this, everyone’s gaze turned to the door.
The door creaked open and Xia Yanyan stepped in on the carpet, her stride graceful and radiant.
As Xia Yanyan entered, her eyes scanned the room. The people sitting at the dinner table were all pillars of the current music industry; she recognized virtually every face. In her heart, she secretly sighed, Madam Shen truly was the guiding star of the music world, with countless mentees spread across the industry.
“Senior Shen, hello, I am Xia Yanyan, I hope you don’t mind my intrusion. I came today specifically to present you with this Jade Pendant.” Xia Yanyan got straight to the point and declared her intentions.
Madam Shen glanced at leaving Xia Yanyan who walked in and a hint of disappointment flashed in her eyes. Upon looking at Xia Yanyan, her facial expression cooled considerably.
The others at the dining table initially thought that the national treasure goddess, Xia Yanyan, was the god-granddaughter. However, as soon as Xia Yanyan started talking, they realized that wasn’t the case.noveldrama
Xia Yanyan was very at ease as she was accustomed to being treated with deference wherever she went, believing nobody would dare to slight her.
Indeed, before Madam Shen could say anything, Zhang Yuhuan, who was sitting to her left, had already risen: “Miss Xia.”
Xia Yanyan knew Zhang Yuhuan, she started by asking, “Zhang, have I interrupted your private gathering?”
“Not at all. I’ve heard that Miss Xia spent two hundred million to acquire the Jade Pendant and planned to deliver it herself to our mentor. On behalf of our mentor, I would like to thank Miss Xia in advance. But how could we let Miss Xia be so generous?”
Xia Yanyan gave a radiant smile and held out the gift box in her hands: “Senior Shen is a person I greatly admire. I just never had the opportunity to meet her before. It is an honour for me to be able to acquire the Jade Pendant for Senior Shen. How can it be considered a generous expenditure? Senior Shen, this is a small token of my esteem.”
###Chapter 611: Chapter 611: Grandma Shen’s Granddaughter Turns Out to Be Her 2_1
Upon seeing the gift in Xia Yanyan’s hands, Lady Shen declined it reluctantly. Her original intention was to bid for it herself and gift it to her goddaughter. However, the bidding price escalated to astronomical heights that left her no choice but to abandon the acquisition.
“Miss Xia, you are too kind. As the saying goes, no reward without merit. This gift is too valuable, I cannot accept it.”
Lady Shen was a woman of principles.
Xia Yanyan said, “Madam Shen, you shouldn’t be so formal. This is just a small token of my affection. Please accept it. Moreover, this gift isn’t meant for you but for your granddaughter. In fact, I am well acquainted with your granddaughter. I am merely using you as a medium to send her a gift.”
Xia Yanyan had no clue about Lady Shen’s granddaughter yet she was unbothered about giving such a convincing reason.
It dawned on Lady Shen that her goddaughter was the neglected daughter of the Xia family – Xia Yanyan’s younger sister.
... 
Alluding to Xia Yanyan’s words, Lady Shen figured out that Xia Yanyan intended to present her younger sister an engagement gift through her.
Upon contemplation, Lady Shen accepted the gift, “Then I shall accept it on her behalf and thank you.”
“Madam Shen, you are too modest. I hope this Auspicious Dragon and Phoenix Emerald Jade Pendant brings joy to your granddaughter and her future husband. I wish them a loving relationship and a prosperous marriage.”
Lady Shen nodded.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll leave you all to your private dinner now.”
In truth, Xia Yanyan was inclined to sit down, only pretending to leave with the expectation of someone persuading her to stay.
As expected, Zhang Yuhuan pulled out a chair saying, “Miss Xia, why don’t you join us?”
“Would that be inconvenient?”
Zhang Yuhuan replied, “How could it be?”
Presenting Fengyu’s teacher with a grand gift worth two hundred million, it was crystal clear what motivates Xia Yanyan in the minds of those present.
Considering Xia Yanyan’s sincerity, those present wouldn’t let Fengyu’s mentor accept the gift without reciprocating her kindness. They were more than willing to repay this debt of gratitude on behalf of Fengyu’s mentor, let alone inviting her to share the meal.
“In that case, I shall humbly comply.” Xia Yanyan took her seat gracefully.
After the waiter had poured her a glass of red wine, she stood up and said, “I am honored to meet so many distinguished individuals from the music industry here today. To Madam Shen and all the esteemed peers, I propose a toast.”
Xia Yanyan knew her way around, she had already won people’s hearts in the private room while Ye Xingguang was still looking for a parking space.
Being a pop megastar, Xia Yanyan was highly venerated among Lady Shen’s students. However, Lady Shen did not touch her chopsticks, wanting to wait for her granddaughter to arrive before starting the meal.
Observing Lady Shen not eating, Xia Yanyan glanced at Zhang Yuhuan in a questioning manner.noveldrama
Zhang Yuhuan explained with a smile, “We should wait a bit more, there’s one more person who hasn’t arrived yet.”
Chen Fengyu supplemented, “Our mentor’s granddaughter hasn’t arrived yet.”
It turned out that Lady Shen’s granddaughter was also going to come today?
Xia Yanyan had just told Lady Shen that she and her granddaughter were old acquaintances, now the person in question was about to come?
Nevertheless, Xia Yanyan was not worried at all. She was a national treasure and idol, almost all Girls in the country dream to befriend her, deducing that Lady Shen’s granddaughter’s age is around her, it is easier for young people to get along with each other. she just need to be a bit warm later.
Meanwhile, Ye Xingguang had finally found a parking spot after someone left post dinner. This time, she didn’t let anyone take it and parked her car swiftly. Afterward, she walked into the restaurant.
###Chapter 612: Chapter 612: Grandma Shen’s Granddaughter Turns Out to Be Her 3_1
As soon as the door opened, she saw the room filled with people.
Madam Shen spotted her as soon as she walked in and beckoned her over, “You child, why are you only just arriving?”noveldrama
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I was just trying to find a parking spot outside and it delayed me, Granny Shen…”
Ye Xingguang was explaining as she walked towards Madam Shen. Giving her a loving hug similar to that of a granddaughter, she immediately pacified Madam Shen, who then pulled up a chair next to her and asked her to sit down.
Madam Shen introduced her to her own students, “Fengyu, Yuhuan, let me introduce you. This is the little granddaughter I’ve been talking about, who is about to get engaged.”
Zhang Yuhuan recognized her, “Isn’t this…the Carp Girl?”
... 
Chen Fengyu also recognized her, “That’s right, I saw her on Weibo. The girl nicknamed ‘Carp Girl’ in the advertisement. My daughter changed her phone screensaver to her picture recently, saying she is hoping the Carp Girl would bring her luck for her maths exam and make her come in the top three. Master, the Carp Girl is actually your granddaughter?”
The most surprised people at the scene were not Madam Shen’s beloved disciples, but Xia Yanyan, who was sitting there wide-eyed, incredulous.
What was going on? How could this be possible? How could Ye Xingguang, that little White Lotus, be Madam Shen’s granddaughter?
How could that be?
This was impossible, she refused to believe it!
Was she saying that she had spent two billion yuan buying a dragon and phoenix jade pendant for Ye Xingguang, this little White Lotus, and naively wished for her to have a loving and deep relationship with Ye Junqing, leading to a happy marriage?
Ye Xingguang never expected to see Xia Yanyan at the dinner table. What was going on with Xia Yanyan swallowing hard as if she had just eaten a lump of shit?
Madam Shen stretched out her hand and lovingly patted Ye Xingguang’s shoulder, “This girl is not only my god-daughter, but also my closed-door disciple. Her musical talent is really rare, but it’s a pity that she doesn’t want to inherit my mantle and take the path of music.”
Zhang Yuhuan said, “Miss Ye’s songs are worth listening to, especially the song ‘You’re my first sunshine’, which has received high praise from the industry and listeners alike. It has maintained a high download and click rate for more than a month, unbeaten by anyone. It’s a great loss to the music world that Miss Ye does not choose music as her career.”
Ye Xingguang hadn’t met Zhang Yuhuan before, so Madam Shen introduced her, “This Aunt Zhang was once my student and is now the president of the Daybreak Music Group.”
Daybreak Music Group’s president was the leader in domestic music groups?
Ye Xingguang immediately greeted, “Hello, Aunt Zhang.”
Madam Shen then introduced Chen Fengyu and a few other students. After addressing each with ‘Uncle’ and ‘Aunt’, Ye Xingguang realized, unexpectedly, that Madam Shen’s students were the mainstay of the music scene.
After introducing everyone, Madam Shen left Xia Yanyan for last, saying, “There’s no need for me to introduce you two, as you are old acquaintances. Perfect timing too, Miss Xia has a gift for you as a blessing for your harmonious and deep love with your god-grandson-in-law. I hope you will have a happy manrriage in the future.”
Madam Shen then handed Ye Xingguang a gift box on the table.
Zhang Yuhuan also added, “Look at us, being addressed as ‘Uncles’ and ‘Aunts’ and not even having a gift ready, whereas Miss Xia has presented such a generous gift, a dragon and phoenix jade pendant worth two billion yuan. Such a gift indeed outshines those from us elders. Whatever we offer now would probably be overshadowed by Miss Xia’s previous lavish gift.”
###Chapter 613: Chapter 613: Grandma Shen’s Granddaughter Turns Out to Be Her 4_1
The emerald jade pendant inscripted with the dragon and phoenix symbolizing prosperity, wasn’t that the gift Granny Shen wanted to give to her granddaughter?
Ye Xingguang was stunned for a moment. So, the granddaughter that Granny Shen mentioned was her?
Pfft—noveldrama
No wonder Xia Yanyan looked so upset?
Ye Xingguang suddenly understood!
Xia Yanyan had wanted to impress Granny Shen with an extravagant gift, but Granny Shen had given that same extravagant gift to her and so, didn’t Xia Yanyan just spend two hundred million to buy her an engagement gift?
... 
“Thank you, Miss Xia.” Ye Xingguang’s voice was filled with sincerity!
This was probably the most valuable gift her sister had ever given her in her life, “How could I possibly accept such an expensive gift from Miss Xia, it must have been a great expense for her?”
Xia Yanyan could barely maintain her elegant facade as she stared at Ye Xingguang, wishing she could take the gift back immediately. But it was already given away, and it would be embarrassing to take it back now. Who knew how upset and frustrated Xia Yanyan felt at this moment?
But since she was the one who offered the gift, she had no choice but to smile, “Don’t be modest, it’s just a token of my affection.”
“In that case, I won’t be humble. I heard Miss Xia has submitted a marriage application to the government. I just so happen to have a gift here for you too, wishing you find your ideal husband and have twins within a year.”
It would be best if she had twins within a year, four in two years, six in four years, giving birth to many ‘national treasures’, contributing to the nation.
Ye Xingguang gave the gift she had originally prepared for Granny Shen to Xia Yanyan. She never took advantage of others and was quite generous in giving.
The more delicious the meal was for Ye Xingguang, the more frustrating it was for Xia Yanyan. After the meal ended and she got into her own chauffeur-driven car, she finally vented her anger by smashing her mobile phone. No matter how much she vented in the car, it just couldn’t relieve the frustration in her heart!
All of Granny Shen’s favorite students wanted to drive her home, but Granny Shen didn’t let them. She wanted to go to the hospital to visit Ye Xingguang’s father, so she got in Ye Xingguang’s car.
Ye Xingguang felt a tremendous amount of pressure. She wasn’t very confident in her driving skills. If she had known earlier, she would have asked the driver to drive. Now, she was driving at a modest speed of 30 mph, crawling slowly along the motorway.
She didn’t forget to assure Granny Shen: “Don’t worry Granny Shen, my driving skills are really good.”
Granny Shen saw her nervousness and smiled kindly, “No worries, you can drive slowly. It’s a good opportunity for me to see how the imperial city has changed.”
In truth, it wasn’t like Granny Shen hadn’t been to the imperial city for many years. In fact, she came once or twice every year to visit old friends. Although she kept a low profile and the outside world didn’t know about it, every time she came to the imperial city, she found many more skyscrapers, making it difficult to remember the roads.
Outside the small villa of the hospital, Bai Lanwu was accompanying Song Chuanqi for a walk in the courtyard.
After the surgery, Song Chuanqi had been bedridden. It was only these few days that he could start walking. The doctor said that he needed to be more active, so even if Song Chuanqi didn’t want to move, Bai Lanwu would still drag her husband to walk more in the courtyard.
When Granny Shen arrived, the couple went back inside together and sat in the living room to entertain her.
Knowing that there was a guest at home, Ye Junqing especially got off work early today. On his way, he asked Ji Qishu, who was accompanying him to visit Tang Zhou in the hospital, to stop by Qiaowei Pavilion to buy their pastries.
Qiaowei Pavilion was a famous specialty of the imperial city. Many tourists who came to the imperial city would take a few boxes with them. Especially, they suited Granny Shen’s taste. In the past, Xiaoyuwei often bought pastries from Qiaowei Pavilion and sent them to Granny Shen on the island. Ye Junqing still remembered this to this day.
###Chapter 614: Chapter 614 Leng Chenmo, a man of few harsh words 1_1 
After Ji Qishu got out of the car and queued in front of Qiao Wei Xuan, he was idly scrolling on his phone when he unexpectedly saw breaking news released just minutes before. 
All of a sudden, he widened his eyes in disbelief, what was going on? How could this be possible? 
The Leng’s Family had collapsed? 
The news stated that the Leng Corporation was in a severe crisis. Today, more than ten police cars were dispatched to seal all entrances and exits of the Marley’s Mansion. Policemen then entered the Leng Corporation’s tower and handcuffed all senior executives, big and small, and took them away. 
Even Leng Weihong, the newly appointed head of the Leng Corporation, was handcuffed and taken away by the police. 
Now the entire Leng Corporation was left without a leader, with staff terrified and the whole corporation being closed down… 
... 
What was going on? The Leng Corporation was a powerful old business consortium in the capital city. How could it be taken down entirely by the police? 
After buying some cakes, Ji Qishu got back in the car. Before he shut the door, he began to tell Ye Junqing about the news: “Brother Qing, I just saw the news. The Leng Corporation was taken down by the police.” 
Ye Junqing was lazily sitting in the car, closing his eyes and resting. On hearing Ji Qishu’s alarmed voice, he said nonchalantly, “What’s the fuss?” 
“Aren’t you shocked? That’s the Leng Corporation!” Ji Qishu was so shocked that he could barely speak. 
But Ye Junqing didn’t even lift his eyelids; he simply threw out a sentence: “It’s not the Leng Corporation managed by Shen Mo.” 
“Could it be, Brother Qing, that you received inside information and knew that Leng’s Family would collapse beforehand?” 
But Ye Junqing chose to remain silent: “I don’t know. The Leng Corporation without Shen Mo is nothing but a gathering of ragtag people. If it’s collapsed now, so be it. What’s the big deal?” 
The voice from the back seat, it was Xiao Yun who asked: “Master Qing, the Dark Dragon who tried to assassinate you in the tunnel, our prior investigation showed that it was hired by Leng Weihong, the current president of the Leng Corporation. You said not to touch him at that time. Did you know that Leng’s Family would collapse?” 
Ye Junqing remained silent, and Xiao Yun immediately understood what was going on. His silence was consent. 
Ji Qishu, unable to hold back his curiosity, turned to look for information. He looked at Ye Junqing and eagerly asked to know the truth. 
Ye Junqing only spouted one sentence: “It was Shen Mo’s doing. Before he left the Leng Corporation, he had already set the stage for the collapse of the Marley’s Mansion.” 
Ji Qishu: “!!!!!” 
Ji Qishu was taken aback: “Has he become so ruthless? Although he did not single-handedly establish the Leng Corporation’s empire, it’s an empire that has been passed down for three generations from his ancestors. He doesn’t even blink, destroying his parents’ legacy. What drove him to this? What’s the benefit for him if Leng’s Family collapses? Even if his boat flips in the ditch and he’s swindled by an unorganized mob, it would have been enough to dispose of that mob directly. Why involve the entire Leng Corporation? Isn’t that joking with wealth?” 
Ye Junqing narrowed his eyes in amusement; “Do you still think that he was outplayed by a mob?” noveldrama
His words awoke Ji Qishu. Ji Qishu smacked his forehead: “He deliberately let himself be outplayed? He had planned to collapse the Marley’s Mansion before he was outplayed? So, he left Leng’s Family so that he could extricate himself from this incident. Let me call Tang Zhou and see if Shen Mo was also taken away by the police.” 
With that, Ji Qishu took out his phone. 
Tang Zhou was unaware of this and was still on a vacation in some snowy mountains when he received Ji Qishu’s call.
###Chapter 615: Chapter 615 Leng Chenmo, a man of few harsh words 2_1 
“Darn, what did you say, the Leng family is bankrupt?…Of course not, Leng Chenmo is skiing in the snow. No wonder he suddenly asked me to sponsor his international trip last night. Was it to escape from the police? Would this be considered a crime of fleeing? Have I assisted him in his escape? Am I committing a crime?” 
Ji Qishu: “You left for overseas last night? Why didn’t you tell me? I was planning to visit you at the hospital. I even bought you pastries from Qiaowei Pavilion. You’ve not fully recovered from your sickness yet, what are you doing in another country?” noveldrama
“I feel like I’m in jail when I stay in the hospital all the time. Besides, I only have physical injuries. Whether I stay in the hospital or go on vacation, it’s all for recuperation. Can’t I go out and breathe fresh air? But what exactly happened with the Leng family going under? Should I send Leng Chenmo back to our country?” 
Instead of responding to Tang Zhou’s words, Ji Qishu simply hung up the phone. Yes, Leng Chenmo was indeed a man of few words, but ruthless! 
Tang Zhou was still holding his cell phone and yelling: “Hello? Hello? Why is there no signal?” 
Tang Zhou held his phone high, only to realize that it wasn’t a signal problem, but that the call had been disconnected. 
... 
In the midst of the fluffy snow, Tang Zhou wrapped himself up like a ball. He couldn’t ski because not long ago, Leng Weixuan beat him up and broke his ribs. His bones have not healed yet and needed proper care. 
He was just feeling too suffocated in the hospital and told Leng Chenmo that he wanted to find a cabin, sit by the fireplace, and enjoy the fairy-like snowy scenery. Leng Chenmo said he knew just the place, and tricked him into coming here. 
The cold wind blew, Tang Zhou shivered, and decisively retreated into the cabin, watching the snowy scenery through the glass window of the cabin. 
The snow-view room in this hotel, was perfect for intimate moments, it was really picturesque. 
A more than thirty square meter cabin, with nothing but a two-meter bed, a set of single sofas with a coffee table, a large fireplace, the fireplace was lit, and the pure fire-cracking sound was like an accompaniment to the majestic snow falling outside the window. 
The 270-degree panoramic view outside the window showed a sky full of snow and snow-covered pines. 
The fairy-like snowy scenery outside the window and the cozy fireplace inside the cabin echoed each other beautifully. If it weren’t him alone in the room at the moment, but a couple, they probably couldn’t resist being intimate… 
Tang Zhou took off his down jacket, jumped onto the big bed, spread all four limbs and fantasized, how did Leng Chenmo’s little henchman know such a fairy-like place? Could he have spent a romantic night here with a woman? 
Thinking about it, he suddenly felt a surge of anger! 
Two hours later, Leng Chenmo returned from skiing, holding a rabbit in his hand. 
The fluffy rabbit didn’t seem to want to escape from his hand, but rather enjoyed his touch. 
Tang Zhou, excited, jumped out of bed: “Where did you get it?” 
“While I was skiing, I saw it crash into a tree stump. I picked it up, we can have rabbit roast for tonight.” 
Tang Zhou: “!!!!” 
Tang Zhou: “This cute and adorable creature, and you only thought about roasting it? You are so heartless. Give it to me. How could this silly rabbit hit a tree stump? Was it love-struck looking at you and ran into it? This must be a female rabbit, let me check…” 
Leng Chenmo handed the rabbit to him, then took off his thick down jacket, hung it on the rack, and removed his scarf. He was only left with a high-neck wool sweater.
###Chapter 616: Chapter 616 Leng Chenmo, a man of few harsh words 3_1 
He poured himself a cup of coffee and quite coolly sat down on a single-person sofa, long legs folded, sipping his coffee while looking out at the snow scene. It was as if he had merged seamlessly into the snowy landscape, poised yet ethereal… that sight… 
Suddenly, Tang Zhou understood why his silly rabbit had a crush on him and ended up running into a tree stump. Who could resist? 
With the silly rabbit cradled in his arms, Tang Zhou walked over and sat down on the single sofa across from Leng Chenmo. Lowering his head to stroke the fluffy rabbit, he remarked, “Hey, Leng Chenmo, you tricked me into coming abroad with you. Were you planning on evading arrest by the police?” 
Leng Chenmo slightly lifted his eyes, fixing them on Tang Zhou. 
Tang Zhou, wearing a white sweater, had a refined face paired with a bright and fair complexion. His fluffy fringe gave him an adorable, soft appearance. 
Leng Chenmo replied with a simple, “Hm?” 
... 
“Don’t play innocent. The Leng Corporation was raided by the police today. From President Leng Wei Hong to the key executives, they’re all under arrest. Right now, you’re probably the only one who got away. Could this be considered aiding your escape abroad?” noveldrama
Leng Chenmo set his coffee aside: “I was expelled from the Leng Family a long time ago. Now that the Leng Family is in trouble, why should they come after me?” 
Picking up Leng Chenmo’s coffee, Tang Zhou took a gulp, returning it to its original spot, “You think I’m a fool? It’s been only a bit over three months since you were evicted from the Leng family. Could Leng Wei Hong cause such a big incident in such a short period? What on earth happened to your family that led to this serious of a problem? This is big news, and the country must be buzzing about it now.” 
Leng Chenmo stared at the coffee that Tang Zhou had half-drunk for a while. Then he picked back up the cup, running his finger along the rim for a moment, before uttering, “Isn’t Mu Nianbai going to take office as the head of the police department soon? Why don’t you ask him?” 
Stroking the little rabbit, Tang Zhou impatiently responded, “Isn’t ‘about to take office’ the same as ‘not yet in office’? How would he know?” 
Leng Chenmo said, “These days, he’s been transitioning for the new job. The day after tomorrow is President Ye Shiting’s inauguration. By now, the ones about to take office are mostly done with their handover. ‘About to take office’ means already in the job. There is an old saying ‘Every new official should pound with three fires.’ 
“What do you mean by ‘Every new official should pound with three fires’? Are you suggesting that my Brother Nian Bai is behind everything with the Leng Family?” 
Leng Chenmo felt that the coffee Tang Zhou had tasted somehow had a different flavor now. He relished the flavor even more, drinking leisurely. 
Tang Zhou couldn’t stand Leng Chenmo’s slow-as-molasses style of conversation, so he directly pulled out his cell phone and sent a WeChat message to Mu Nianbai asking for the full story. 
Busy with work, Mu Nianbai didn’t have time to chit-chat, so he simply replied with one message: [Leng Chenmo sent me an informant letter.] 
Tang Zhou was shocked. Given the assassination attempt on Ye Jingqing and the incidents pointing to the Leng Family, it is Mu Nianbai’s time to prove his competency as a new officer. If not the Leng Family, then who else? 
Seeing the WeChat message from Mu Nianbai, Tang Zhou exploded with enthusiasm, “You wrote a report letter, exposing your own family? What a fucking move. All this while I kept thinking you’ve been too weak recently, as it turns out when you step up, you casually manage to ruin your family’s empire?” 
Despite Leng Chenmo’s indifference, Tang Zhou let it go. He went over, located his coat, and pulled out a card from it. He handed it to Leng Chenmo saying, “Here, take this. Spend it as you wish. If it’s not enough, simply ask for more. As a man, you should always have money on you when you’re out. Got it?”
###Chapter 617: Chapter 617: You not applying makeup is the least basic respect for others 1_1
Over on the other side, Ye Junqing arrived at the hospital’s small villa carrying pastries from Qiaoweixuan.
Mrs. Shen loved pastries from Qiaoweixuan. She had already eaten several pieces before dinner and had another one after. Seeing how much she enjoyed them, Ye Xingguang gave her all the pastries that Ye Junqing had bought when they were leaving.
After Mrs. Shen left, Ye Xingguang turned to Ye Junqing, who stood beside her to see the visitor out, and said: “I didn’t expect you to be so good at pleasing the elderly. I didn’t even know that Mrs. Shen liked pastries from Qiaoweixuan. How did you know?”
Ye Junqing reached out, pulled her into his arms, and with a gentle force, brought her body towards his chest. He said: “During those seven years we lived together, you often bought Qiaoweixuan pastries and sent them to Mrs. Shen, so I took note. Unfortunately, even if I tell you this, you won’t believe me and will think that I’m lying to you. So consider it a stroke of luck that I happened to guess Mrs. Shen’s taste right.”
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips: “Your fabricated stories are full of holes. Are you asking me to believe that you don’t have the talent to be a screenwriter? If you’re going to invent a story, it should go like this: one day, we happened to meet at the school gate, and you recognized me instantly as the beautiful mermaid you had once saved at sea. You were smitten and pursued me. At that time, I didn’t know you were the boy who had saved me, but I fell for your handsome good looks at first sight and then, we fell in love…”
Ye Junqing, with a raised eyebrow, seemed somewhat eager for the plot to unfold: “Hmm, go on, what happened next?”
... 
“What else could happen?” They fall in love, get married, and live happily ever after.
“I lack the talent to be a screenwriter and can’t imagine more. Say more, reality is too stark. Indeed, the stories after artistic processing are so beautiful that people yearn for. Spill the plot.”
“That’s how it goes. Then you proposed, I said yes. Then your parents and my parents sat down to discuss our wedding. Then we picked an auspicious day to get our marriage license. Then the grand wedding…”
As she said this, Ye Xingguang found herself looking forward to such peaceful and predictable small happiness.
That’s right, reality is stark. Reality is that since she met him, she was always mesmerised by his beauty, always falling for him, but he was indifferent to her from the beginning. Although now he seems to cherish her, to hide the truth about that heartless jerk, he had to make up stories for her. Despite his claims of wanting their parents to arrange their engagement, he hadn’t proposed to her…
In the end, the stories that have been artistically processed are the most beautiful.
Ye Xingguang tried to push him away, but his strong arms wouldn’t allow it. Even if she put great effort into it, she could only nestle in his chest. She looked up at him: “What are you doing? It’s getting colder, and it’s chilly outside.”noveldrama
A breeze blew through, giving her a cold shiver.
Ye Junqing immediately took her back into the room, closing the living room door of the villa to keep out the cold wind and making sure to shut the windows as well, lest she catch a chill. Autumn is flu season, and he heard that several secretaries at the office were down with a cold.
Concerned that he might have brought a virus back from the office, Ye Junqing went to take a shower after closing the windows.
Ye Xingguang was in the bedroom choosing a dress. The inauguration of the President was fast approaching, what should she wear to the banquet?
“Ah, why do I never have anything to wear?” Ye Xingguang collapsed on the bed, echoing the lament of women everywhere.
###Chapter 618: Chapter 618: You not applying makeup is the least basic respect for others 2_1
Her mother had prepared three dresses for her before. She wore one of them at President Ye Shiting’s campaign rally. Of the remaining two, she gave one to Ye Tingnan, leaving her with one, which she wanted to save for when she got engaged.
Ye Junqing came out of the shower and heard her, “What do you need to wear this late at night? Don’t you have enough pajamas?”
Ye Xingguang stared at the ceiling without speaking. Men simply couldn’t understand what women meant when they said they had nothing to wear.
Ye Junqing walked over, and the clothes from the cupboard were thrown one by one onto the bed by her. In the mess, he re-hung each item back in the cupboard and then patted her butt, saying, “Don’t worry, you’ll have something to wear on that day.”
“What day?” Ye Xingguang deliberately played dumb.
Ye Junqing glanced at her and said, “Your outfit and style team are already arranged. You’re not allowed to do your makeup. A person with no makeup skills should go bare-faced. It’s the bare minimum respect for such a banquet.”
... 
She teasingly touched her face, “Everyone says that makeup shows the bare minimum respect for others.”
“That statement doesn’t suit you.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”noveldrama
Was she being praised, or was she actually being praised?
Well, anyhow, her identity had probably been exposed. These days, those werewolves were constantly disturbing her, urging her to return and claim the throne. They even said they could wait until she had had her fun.
Yen’an even called to reveal that the elders planned to personally persuade her to return to the throne. She couldn’t believe it. Why should she go back? What warmth had that place ever given her worth missing?
All her warmth came from her parents and her island neighbors, and of course…
This man who was currently sorting her clothes. Even though she didn’t feel like bothering with him recently, he was the boy who had saved her ten years ago, a fact she’d never forget nor dared to forget.
“What’s on your mind?” Ye Junqing noticed her look filled with affection.
“Nothing much. What kind of dress did you prepare for me? If it’s not good looking, I’m not wearing it. At the time, there were countless beautiful women competing for attention. I can’t lower my standards or be outdone.”
Especially by Xia Yanyan!
“Didn’t you say that women dress up for their own pleasure?”
“Yes, I want to look pretty so that others can see how beautiful I am, to make other women jealous of my beauty. That’s how I please myself.” Ye Xingguang once again voiced the sentiments of all girls.
Ye Junqing: “…”
So, is that what these words mean? Enlightening.
Ye Junqing laughed without saying anything.
…
On the day of the President’s inauguration, people nationwide started watching the news early in the morning, all paying attention to the presidential handover.
This morning, Ye Shiting and Yanbei made the transition at the presidential palace, and Ye Shiting became the new president of the country.
In the camera, Yi Yujian and Ye Tingnan hugged warmly. Yi Yujian had a four-year-old son, Ye Qinghan, who was holding a fluffy little doll and gave it to Yan Zhenxi. The two children had always been good friends. Under the camera’s eye, they were even more adorable.
Netizens watching the news on various platforms were all melted by the cuteness of the two children.
Ye Qinghan, the young Crown Prince, had just become a Weibo V-certified account. In less than an hour, his followers had soared to 10 million, an increase that even outpaced that of Ye Shiting.
###Chapter 619: Chapter 619: You not applying makeup is the least basic respect for others 3_1
After Ye Tingnan and Yi Yujian embraced, she gave her honest advice, “He has finally resigned from his position, and from now on, he only belongs to myself and my child. The role of the president’s wife isn’t an easy one. There are many direct and hidden challenges, and you often have to choose between your family and the nation. Your family will often have to make sacrifices for the sake of the country. You must prepare yourself emotionally for these things.”
Yi Yujian and Ye Tingnan were also friends. On hearing this, she thanked Ye Tingnan for her sincere words, “I understand, thank you.”
Ye Tingnan said, “You, however, are a strong woman and the Vice President of the Yi Corporation. You handle such a large corporation with ease. I believe you can do better than me.”
“You have already performed excellently, and there are many areas in which I need to learn from you. I will definitely be seeking your advice if there’s anything I don’t understand in the future,” Yi Yujian wouldn’t let her belittle herself.
The reporters’ lens was mostly aiming at Ye Shiting and Yanbei, two outstanding figures shaking hands and having photographs taken together. The online viewers who were watching the live broadcast were incredibly excited, and even two hours after the end of the handover ceremony, they haven’t stopped discussing them on the internet.
Some had already delivered their perfect answers and had left the stage of the most potent authority’n the nation. Others were preparing to step onto that stage. The Presidential Inauguration Banquet at 8pm was attended by all the prestigious and influential figures who could bring their families.
... 
Ye Jun Qing was so busy attending to various matters that he didn’t have the time to come to the hospital personally and escort Ye Xingguang. However, he arranged for a gown and a hairstyling team to be sent to her.
A beautiful woman, dressed in a black-and-white combo dress, came with several other people to style her and her parents.
“Miss Ye, Mr. Ye specifically stated that makeup isn’t necessary for you, only a hairstyle. However, you need to choose the gown first, then our stylist will be able to design a hairstyle for you accordingly,” the beautiful woman greeted her with a bow, showing much respect.noveldrama
With a spouse who was overly confident in her own beauty, Ye Xingguang had no choice but to appear on camera without makeup.
After the pretty woman finished speaking, several people who came with her brought in various gowns. Each one of them was so elaborately luxurious and beautifully romantic that she couldn’t tear her eyes away, leaving her unsure about which one to choose.
The pretty girl said, “All these gowns are personally designed by the renowned father of handicrafts, Mr. K. Which one do you prefer?”
“What can I do if I can’t decide?” she laughed.
The beautiful girl then suggested, “I think this one suits you well. You can try it on first, and if you don’t like it, you can try the others. Many dresses only shine when worn.”
“That sounds good.”
With each gown Ye Xingguang tried on, there were matched jewelry, diamonds, and gems, making her fall in love with each one.
“Mom, which one should I wear?”
Bai Lanwu laughed as she watched her, “Wear the blue one. That blue fishtail dress suits you well.”
Ye Xingguang stroked the minute crystals on the blue fishtail dress, which were so shiny that they nearly blinded her. The blue fishtail dress indeed suited her very well, although it seemed a bit less stunning than her blue tail when she was in the water, “Alright, I’ll wear this dress.”
The beautiful girl said, “Miss Ye has great taste. This blue dress is one of Mr. K’s most proud designs this year. Originally, Mr. K planned to use it as an exhibit and never sell it. It was Mr. Ye’s continuous calls to Mr.K that changed his mind.”
Really? That man had humbled himself to call a designer repeatedly for a dress?
###Chapter 620: Chapter 620 President’s Inaugural Dinner 1_1
Ye Xingguang found pleasure in getting ready, she let the stylist set her hair. After fluffing her hair out, the stylist set it neatly in updo style, with charming soft curls adorning her forehead.
Pairing it with beautiful crystal high heels that didn’t hurt her feet at all. However, she was worried if her flashy attire would steal the spotlight from the First Lady who was supposed to be the happiest woman of the day, not her.noveldrama
“Miss Ye, you’re really stunning. Mr Ye said makeup was unnecessary for you. Your features truly don’t need it at all, just a lipstick would be enough. Could you please share with us the brand of face masks you use?” the pretty girl praised.
Ye Xingguang simply replied with a smile, “Natural beauty.”
By the time she was done with her makeup and hairstyle, Bai Lanwu, and Song Chuanqi were also ready. In the late afternoon, Xiao Yun sent a car to pick them up and drive them to the banquet.
At that moment, the square in front of the state banquet hall was filled with various luxury cars, and guests had started entering with their invitations.
... 
Not only were the nation’s leaders, parliament members, and international celebrities invited to the president’s inaugural banquet, but also the upcoming cabinet leaders. Even before the banquet began, the live broadcast had already started for an hour on the internet.
Many media outlets set up cameras outside the banquet hall, preparing to capture this significant moment.
As soon as Ye Xingguang stepped off the car, the media recognized her and floodlights began flashing towards her.
She instinctively shielded her eyes. Then, after her parents got out of the car, they all entered into the banquet hall together.
By then, many people were already seated inside the banquet hall. Each person had a fixed spot. They found their seats following the guidance of on-site staff.
Ye Xingguang saw the name tag of ‘Ye Junqing’ next to her seat. However, he had not arrived. She sat down and talked with her parents.
“Little Star, I’ve come to accompany you,” Tang Zhou swaggered over.
“Uncle, Aunt, nice to see you,” He greeted Ye Xingguang’s parents.
Tang Zhou dragged a chair and sat at their table, along with Leng Chenmo, who came with him.
Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi simply nodded.
Ye Xingguang asked, “Didn’t you go abroad for a vacation? I saw on your circle of friends, that cottage in the snow is so beautiful. You didn’t even wait to recover from your illness before leaving. You’re amazing.”
Tang Zhou handed his mobile to her, “There are lots of photos. When you and Junqing go, just book that snow-view room in the hotel, you’ll feel like you’re in heaven.”
Ye Xingguang looked at the photos carefully, “Yes, it’s beautiful. Why is there a rabbit in the photograph?”
“This is a smitten rabbit. It’s so taken by Leng Chenmo’s good looks that it ran into a tree stump. That’s why, we must guard against dangerous attractions, otherwise, we might end up being caught,” he explained.
“Really? But it appears to me that this rabbit is male, not female,” Ye Xingguang said as she enlarged the photo.
Tang Zhou was surprised, “How in the world did you figure out the bunny’s gender, Ye Xingguang?”
“I just guessed. I used to have rabbits as pets, so I have some experience identifying their sex,” she clarified.
Tang Zhou exclaimed, “My God, Leng Chenmo! You’re so attractive, even a male bunny ran into a tree because of you! You’re irresistible. Why don’t you just turn around the banquet and try your luck finding someone else who appreciates you. I’m sure there are many others who would be willing to marry you. Once someone takes you, I will definitely give you a generous separation fee.”
###Chapter 621: Chapter 621 President’s Inaugural Dinner 2_1
“Judging by sight, I used to raise rabbits, so I have some experience.”
Tang Zhou immediately cried out, “Leng Chenmo, even a rabbit would crash into a tree stump because of you! Your charm is absolutely irresistible. Why don’t you go around the banquet hall and see who catches your eye? Maybe there will be other people willing to marry you. Once someone takes you off my hands, I will give you a generous severance pay.”
Leng Chenmo didn’t even cast a glance at Tang Zhou. There was no one else at the table at the moment. Leng Chenmo planned to check the news on his phone. But when he looked up, he noticed Song Chuanqi. He felt like he had seen him somewhere before, but he couldn’t remember where. So he returned his attention to the news.
After reading two pages, he seemed to recall something. Putting down his phone, he took the initiative to talk to Song Chuanqi. “Mr. Song, are you Miss Y’s father?”
“This is my dad, and this is my mom.” Ye Xingguang introduced them to Leng Chenmo. “Mom, this is Tang Zhou’s official partner, Leng Chenmo.”
Song Chuanqi faintly nodded. His eyes were focused on his wife all night. The carefully dolled-up wife was the most beautiful woman in his eyes tonight, even their daughter could not compare to her.
... 
“Hey, little sister-in-law, how come you don’t have the same last name as your dad, Song?” Tang Zhou asked.
Ye Xingguang said, “I’m their adopted daughter.”
“Oh, I see. So your original family name is also Ye, isn’t it?”
“Not really, my… My name was given to me by Ye Junqing.”
Tang Zhou: “What!?!?!?” This was such juicy gossip, and he was only finding out now?
Tang Zhou seemed excited, but Ye Xingguang was not interested in having a lengthy chat, she only said, “He named me after he saved me. I thought the name sounded good, so I used it. Don’t overthink it.”
But Tang Zhou was thrilled: “So my brother Qing just randomly gave you a name and you took his surname. Didn’t my brother Qing have a hidden agenda even ten years ago? He wanted you to take his surname ten years ago; everyone can see his intentions.”
Really? Did he have a hidden agenda when he named her?
“Lan Wu, so it’s really you?”noveldrama
This voice caught Ye Xingguang’s attention. There was someone here who recognized her mom? Looking up, she saw a high-class lady about her mother’s age approaching. The lady was carrying a small handbag, and several other high-class ladies came along with her. They all stopped as the first lady stopped at their table.
“Mrs. Bai, who is this lady? I don’t seem to have met her before. Could you introduce us?”
The seats in the banquet hall were fixed, and those who could sit at this table were probably close to the Ye family. The table was located in the front, so the banquet seemed like a social bridge. The well-off ladies all wanted to meet more people since it’s better to have more acquaintances when doing things.
“Yeah, are you friends? This lady looks very elegant.”
“Let me introduce you, this is my younger sister-in-law.” The lady who spoke was the daughter-in-law of Bai Lanwu’s stepmother. Bai Lanwu had only met her many years ago, but she did not expect the woman to recognize her at a glance.
“Your younger sister-in-law? I thought you only had one elder sister-in-law, the President’s mother, when did you have another younger sister-in-law? I’ve never heard about this.”
Mrs. Bai only smiled and didn’t explain: “Oh, you go sit first. I haven’t seen my younger sister-in-law for many years. I want to catch up with her. I’ll come over and find you later.”
###Chapter 622: Chapter 622 President’s Inaugural Dinner_1
Then she said to Bai Lanwu, “Lanwu, I heard from dad that your adopted daughter is engaged to Peiluan’s son. I couldn’t believe it at first, but it turns out it’s true. You and Peiluan are really destined for each other. Even though you’re half-sisters, you ended up becoming in-laws. Thankfully, though, she’s your adopted daughter, if she were your biological daughter, wouldn’t they be cousins…”
Ye Xingguang, who was sitting nearby, was totally stunned: “”
Her mom and mother-in-law are half-sisters? The big nuisance is her so-called cousin?
Even Tang Zhou had a shocked expression on his face: “!!!!!!!”
Those few elite ladies who hadn’t gone far also overheard the conversation. Half-sisters with the same father? The old elder of the Bai family had only one son from his later wife. Where could a half-sister come from? Could it be, that woman is the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family?
Those ladies couldn’t help but turn their heads to take another look at Bai Lanwu; their previous eagerness was replaced by disgust.
... 
The wives of the official families despise illegitimate daughters the most. Who would have thought the Bai family would have one, and she even adopted a daughter who became the official wife of the Bai family’s eldest son, how uncomfortable this arrangement must be for Bai Peiluan?
Bai Lanwu sat in her seat and lazily glanced at her younger sister across the table: “Qiaochu, long time no see. You still haven’t changed a bit.”
Yang Qiaochu, the wife of Bai Qiuchen, who is the son born to the elder of the family by his second wife. Bai Lanwu had interacted with her before she ran away from home. She didn’t like Yang Qiaochu and the feeling was mutual.
Thinking that Bai Lanwu was saying that she hadn’t aged a day, Yang Qiaochu’s face was filled with a satisfied smile. “Lanwu, where have you been living these years? Dad told me you’re married to a fisherman and settled on some remote island, is this gentleman your husband?”
Yang Qiaochu’s eyes fell on Song Chuanqi, “I heard that my brother-in-law recently had surgery, how’s his health?”
Song Chuanqi didn’t answer Yang Qiaochu’s question and stared at her: “And you are…”
Bai Lanwu whispered, “This is my sister-in-law, the one I mentioned before.” Actually, she is my sister-in-law in law.
Song Chuanqi thought for a moment, “Seems like you have mentioned her before. As you said, she is indeed not someone who could really impress. I misunderstood you.”
“Brother-in-law, you!” Yang Qiaochu’s face instantly went pale, she was so angry that she didn’t know what to say.
Ye Xingguang suppressed her surprise, immediately catching up with her father’s move: “Aunt, it’s really your honor to be complimented by my father. He rarely praises anyone.”
Tang Zhou meditated: “Dear Aunt, I also think Uncle Song’s praise of you is truly describing you as a celestial being. Such a character is rarely seen among us mortals, wouldn’t you agree?”noveldrama
Qing never really liked this little aunt either. Tang Zhou quickly decided to take sides.
Yang Qiaochu’s face went from green to white out of anger. She was not in a position to lose her temper in such a setting. She tightened her grip on her handbag, before storming off in a huff, really, such a boorish man like a country fisherman, he has no manners at all!
Humph, everyone has their fate, some people, even if they’re born as a phoenix, would willingly degrade themselves and marry a fisherman. A downtrodden phoenix is indeed no better than a chicken!
###Chapter 623: Chapter 623: Ye Baixiu: I’m having a hard time 1_1
As soon as Yang Qiaochu left, Ye Xingguang asked: “Mom, what’s going on? You and grandmother are sisters, but you never mentioned it to me, and grandmother never brought it up either. I was stunned.”
Since Bai Lanwu had already promised Bai Peiluan that she would not reveal the fact of their identity switch, she simply said, “I am an illegitimate daughter not acknowledged by the Bai family, so there wasn’t really any need to mention it.”
How dare she say that?
No wonder for so many years, she never saw her mother interacting with her maternal family. They lived on the island, and there wasn’t much contact with relatives. However, her father enjoyed accompanying her mother everywhere. The two often traveled around the world. Her father was not just a fisherman!
Her parents were clearly living an idyllic life. Her mother loved the arts, chess, books, and painting, and her father loved reading and fishing. Their life on the island was incredibly pleasant. If it wasn’t for her father’s illness, the lifestyle of her parents was exactly what she had always yearned for!
However, three women make a show, and the news of her mother being the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family, quickly spread among the wives of the officials.
... 
The banquet had not officially started yet, and those noble ladies sitting together and chatting were just looking for something to talk about.
“You say what? The Carp Girl is the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family, doesn’t that make her and Ye Junqing cousins?”
“I heard the Carp Girl is an adopted daughter, so there’s no blood relation. They are only cousins in name. Otherwise, how could the civil affairs bureau’s lottery system have chosen Ye Junqing’s number for the Carp Girl to draw? The bureau’s allocation system would never make such a mistake.”
“I see, I heard that Carp Girl and Ye Junqing have been acting all along, that Ye Junqing never really liked her. Is that true? The internet has been abuzz with rumors, it’s hard to know what to believe. I even heard that Xia Yanyan submitted an application to the country wanting to marry Ye Junqing, and that he would rather go to jail than marry her, just for Carp Girl?”
“Both are true, but as I understand it, Ye Junqing’s refusal to marry Xia Yanyan was not really for the Carp Girl, but rather a wider strategic move to ensure that Ye Shiting could be elected as president.”
“It definitely wasn’t for the Carp Girl. Ye Junqing didn’t even like Xia Yanyan. How could he like a girl forced on him by the state, who also happens to be the adopted daughter of his mother’s half-sister? I’ve been telling people for a while that Ye Junqing and the president have a deep bond as brothers. To help his elder brother achieve the presidency, there’s nothing he wouldn’t do. Now do you believe me?”
“Actually, the one who got the worst deal is Bai Peiluan. To think that she has to become in-laws with her father’s illegitimate daughter. If it were me, I’d be disgusted for the rest of my life. The most absurd part is that it’s a state-assigned marriage, so she can’t even refuse. I imagine Bai Peiluan must feel as though she’s swallowed apiece of shit.”
“Right, if it were me, I wouldn’t be able to stand it either. This whole situation is just absurd. To think that for the sake of her eldest son’s future, she has to pretend that she approves of this daughter-in-law. She even has to say that a woman who brings blessings to her husband, father, and son is good. I feel sorry for Bai Peiluan.”
Just as they were talking, those noble ladies saw Bai Peiluan and Ye Baixiu walk into the banquet hall, arm in arm.
The parents of the president, as soon as they entered the hall, became the center of attention.noveldrama
After Bai Peiluan entered the hall, she glanced around and quickly spotted Bai Lanwu. She immediately said to Ye Baixiu: “Baixiu, I see the parents of Xingguang, let’s go sit with them over there.”
The staff member bowed and guided them, “Mr. Ye, Mrs. Ye, your seats are over here, not over there.”
###Chapter 624: Chapter 624: Ye Baixiu: I’m having a hard time 2_1
Bai Peiluan didn’t care: “If it’s not over there, then move our seats over there. Can’t you be flexible about this kind of thing?”
After saying this, she didn’t care about the difficulties of the staff, and walked straight towards Bai Lanwu, insisting on sitting at the same table with Bai Lanwu. The two sisters chatted at the table without any signs of estrangement. The sight of them made the wives of government officials, who were privately feeling sorry for Bai Peiluan, in shock. This could be described as an award-winning level of acting, as there was no visible sign of discomfort on her face.
However, Ye Baixiu felt as if he was sitting on pins and needles.
He glanced at Song Chuanqi several times but quickly averted his gaze, displaying a dignified but uneasy mentality.
Upon noticing that her husband was not initiating a conversation with his father-in-law, Bai Peiluan secretly kicked Ye Baixiu.
What’s going on? Isn’t this his father-in-law? Didn’t Bai Xiu know to take the initiative instead of putting on a lofty front as the Ye family’s head?
... 
“Baixiu, these are Starlight’s parents. I had no idea before that Starlight’s mother is my younger sister. It wasn’t until we visited her dad in the hospital that the two of us, as sisters, came to realize that our brother-in-law was also our father-in-law. Lan Wu, this is my husband.”
“Nice to meet you, brother-in-law,” Bai Lanwu was a somewhat embarrassed, as this was the man she had once run away from marrying.
Ye Baixiu was even more embarrassed than her. Hence, he maintained a stern face, and responded with a curt nod.
Unsatisfied, Bai Peiluan kicked Ye Baixiu again and whispered, “What’s with your attitude? A smile upon meeting is basic courtesy!”
“I’m not someone who naturally smiles,” he replied.
Ye Baixiu was feeling very awkward. He didn’t really want to share a meal at the same table with Song Chuanqi, but he really had no choice. To make things even more awkward, he had to break the silence, “You’re looking pretty good. How have you been recovering lately?”
“I’m doing well, how about yourself?” Song Chuanqi responded, his gaze never leaving Ye Baixiu.
Ye Baixiu fashioned a stiff smile and said, “Good, good. You’re doing well, I’m doing well. The Ye family is doing even better. I have two sons, one took the Ye family to the pinnacle of finance, the other took the family to the peak of power. The Ye family is now the most powerful family in the capital city.”
Bai Peiluan quietly huffed, “Stop showing off. Can’t you just have a normal conversation?”
Does he really need to make the gap between the two families so obvious?
Bai Peiluan already felt guilty and her husband’s comments just made things worse. She was ready to explode!
Ye Baixiu was frustrated. He thought he was simply stating facts, not showing off. In his view, the Ye family had brought honor to all under his leadership, a truth that his father-in-law surely must appreciate.
Upon seeing the current glory of the Ye family, Song Chuanqi smiled and nodded approvingly, “You have indeed raised two outstanding sons. The Ye family’s recent upward climb is largely thanks to you. I’ll toast you with tea instead of alcohol.”
With these words, Song Chuanqi lifted his cup of tea, motioning a toast towards Ye Baixiu.noveldrama
Ye Baixiu raised his tea cup and clinked it against Song Chuanqi’s. “You also…have worked hard. After finishing this drink, I’ll punish myself with three more.”
True to his word, Ye Baixiu took three swigs of red wine after finishing his tea.
Bai Peiluan couldn’t stop him, “Drink less, the banquet has not even started, and you’re already drinking so much. Be careful not to get drunk. You have high blood pressure and have been told not to drink alcohol, what’s the reason for drinking so much now?”
Ye Baixiu insisted, “Father-in-law has come to the capital for treatment, and I haven’t been able to visit him at the hospital due to various reasons. It’s only right that I punish myself with three drinks. Don’t stop me.”
###Chapter 625: Chapter 625: Ye Baixiu: I’m having a hard time 3_1
Forget about three cups, even ten don’t matter, as long as Song Chuanqi doesn’t spill their secret—that their daughter-in-law just happened to be his and another’s adoptive daughter. They tortured Ye Baixiu to no end, costing him nights of restless sleep!
If Peilan discovered the truth, their marriage might be in jeopardy! The youngest son was just like a bad luck charm!
Even if Song Chuanqi reveals the truth, as long as he denies it, Song Chuanqi will have no choice but to concede defeat, as outsiders would find it unbelievable, right?noveldrama
Ye Baixiu felt slightly more at ease, but if he refused to admit it, what would Peilan do?
While others might not know, Ye Baixiu was crystal clear. Peilan was indeed the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family. If Xingguang’s mother – the actual rightful daughter – disclosed Peilan’s identity, how would Peilan face this situation?
In conclusion, neither the in-laws or the parents could be offended!
... 
“Dad, Mom, Dad, Mom.” At that moment, the voice of the youngest son could be heard.
Ye Junqing arrived together with Ye Shiting, having been busy from morning till late at night, only then were they able to sit down.
Once he sat down, the table was full, and the banquet began. Waiters served a variety of dishes, he spun the turntable, first served the in-laws, then served his own parents before finally serving Ye Xingguang.
Tang Zhou, sitting nearby, wasn’t satisfied: “Junqing Bro, am I not a human?”
“Ask Leng Chenmo to serve you.”
The moment Ye Junqing finished speaking, Leng Chenmo put the food into Tang Zhou’s bowl. Ye Xingguang giggled uncontrollably.
But the moment she looked up and saw Ye Junqing’s gaze, it was so intense that it made her heart flutter. She was baffled: “Why are you looking at me like that?”
Ye Junqing glanced at her, his thoughts in disarray: “You look very beautiful today.”
“So, am I not beautiful on usual days?” She retorted feistily.
“You’re even more beautiful today.”
Of course! Her entrance into the banquet hall turned so many heads, she was undoubtedly the belle of the ball.
Many others had the same thought. The ladies, dressed to the nines, thought they were the fairest of them all especially Xia Yanyan, who was adored and revered since childhood, believed none could match her beauty.
At that moment, Xia Yanyan was sitting with a group of official daughters.
Initially, she was expected to sit with her grandmother’s family. But Yi Yujian didn’t send her an invitation. Thanks to Lawson Perry, the vice president, she was able to attend the national banquet.
“Yanyan, I heard the President will announce your marriage partner at the inauguration dinner tonight, who have you chosen?”
Xia Yanyan smirked mysteriously: “You’ll find out soon.”
“Yanyan, will your wedding be a state wedding? Will it be conducted following the state wedding protocol? National treasures are indeed blessed, even weddings can be grand state events, fully funded by the government. Don’t forget to send me an invitation, I must attend your wedding.”
“Yes, yes, our country hasn’t hosted a state wedding till now. Only the president or his daughters are entitled to such grandeur, except if you’re a national treasure, then you may have this honor.”
“I would love to become a mermaid too, but my parents didn’t have the foresight back when I was born. If they did, they may have also participated in the mermaid transformation opportunity. Maybe then, I would also be a beautiful mermaid.”
###Chapter 626: Chapter 626: Ye Baixiu: I’m having a hard time 4_1
“You, stop daydreaming. Back in the day, many couples participated in the Mermaid Transformation Project. How many of them failed and the resulting mermaid children were sacrificed? Only Yanyan was blessed enough to be successfully transformed into a mermaid. Not everyone can be this lucky. She was adored from the moment she was born, more noble and exceptional than anyone else…”noveldrama
Xia Yanyan felt quite flattered, her pride that had been shattered recently was instantly restored.
However, Xia Yanyan knew that these ladies, although flattering her on the surface, were likely mocking her failed marriage application to the country behind her back. Apparently, Ye Junqing would rather go to jail than marry her.
Tonight, she will let everyone know that it’s not Ye Junqing who’s looking down on her, but she is looking down on Ye Junqing!
She also wants everyone to know that she, Xia Yanyan, is the woman Ye Junqing cannot obtain. Only then can she regain her dignity and pride that had been trampled on by Ye Junqing!
Just then, Yi Yujian walked over to Ye Shiting, presented Xia Yanyan’s wedding registration form to him, and said with suppressed anger, “This is my cousin’s marriage application form. At your inauguration banquet, you have to announce her spouse. It’s infuriating.”
... 
“Never mind, it’s just a routine.” Ye Shiting didn’t mind much, after all, she was his aunt’s daughter.
However, Yi Yujian was holding a grudge. Originally, Yanyan would rather ruin her husband’s future than marry his younger brother. Although her visit to plead was somewhat melodramatic, her cousin did hurt her feelings. Now, Yi Yujian didn’t want to have anything to do with Xia Yanyan.
“Tonight’s main character should be you. She’s stealing your thunder. She’s clueless. I’m growing to dislike her more and more. Because she’s a national treasure, once she submits her marriage application, you have to plan the wedding for her!”
Ye Shiting took the marriage application form from his wife and comforted, “Don’t worry, she can’t steal my thunder tonight. But others might steal some of it, which I’m happy to see.”
“Who?” Yi Yujian sensed something in her husband’s words.
Ye Shiting leaned in, whispering something into her ear. Rather than being annoyed, Yi Yujian laughed, “Really? He should have proposed long ago. I’d be happy to see that too. I’d support anyone stealing the limelight, as long as it doesn’t benefit Yanyan.”
Ye Shiting didn’t expect his wife to be so childish. He chuckled, “Regardless, Yanyan is your aunt’s daughter, your own cousin. You really plan on cutting ties? Don’t worry about me: I don’t mind these trivial matters.”
“If your relatives are going to drag us down, you might not mind, but I find it disgraceful and it makes my heart ache. I don’t want to see Yanyan right now. Unfortunately, she’s a national treasure, the one and only mermaid in the world. Even if we didn’t want to invite her to tonight’s inaugural banquet, she would still find a way to walk right in and you would still have to announce her marriage.”
“She may not be the only mermaid in the world.” Ye Shiting thought of Ye Xingguang.
Last time, in order to save his younger brother, Bai Xiu’s wife revealed that she was a mermaid and was about to jump into the river to prove her identity. He didn’t know if it was true or not. Ye Shiting had a hunch that given the situation at the time, she had no reason to lie to him. Maybe…
Ye Shiting thought again about how his brother was always so obsessed with building a mermaid-themed park and swimming pool. Maybe… what Bai Xiu’s wife said was true and her brother had known about this all along.
Yi Yujian heard her husband hesitate, “Maybe what? Is there a second mermaid in this world?”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. Please forgive me for the many typos, I’ll go back and correct them one by one later. Please vote for this month, vote for recommendations, and there are only a few days left for support. If possible, please support~~]
###Chapter 627: Chapter 627: Proposal 1_1
Ye Shiting wouldn’t publicly announce such matters until they were certain, so he didn’t respond to Yi Yujian. When the host invited him to the stage, he didn’t elaborate much, but simply delivered a brief opening speech at the banquet before formally announcing Xia Yanyan’s marriage.
Standing before a standing microphone, holding Xia Yanyan’s marriage application, and facing more than five hundred guests present, he unveiled the marriage application: “…There is some good news here. Our national treasure has finally found someone special and has submitted her marriage application. Now, allow me to reveal the answer.”
Indeed, a large number of guests were interested and all eyes turned to the stage. They listened closely, waiting.
Ye Shiting opened the marriage application, looked at the name on it and said, “Congratulations, Mr. Harry Perry, you have captured the heart of our National Treasure. Are you willing to accept her as your other half?”
Wow, the applause was deafening. As everyone had speculated, Xia Yanyan had indeed filled in Harry Perry’s name on her marriage application.
Many women who knew the inside story could not help but cast envious gazes at Xia Yanyan. Being the national treasure gave her the privilege to choose from the finest suitors. Despite not getting the attention of Ye Shiting, she had plenty of other men to choose from.
... 
Harry Perry, the second son of the Perry family, impressive in both financial and social power, and also the brother of Lawson Perry.
Although Lawson Perry lost to Ye Shiting in this Presidential election, he still has opportunities for the future. Perhaps in the next Presidential election, Lawson might even have a chance at the Presidency. Looking at it in the long run, Harry Perry was indeed the best choice for the National Treasure.noveldrama
Harry Perry elegantly got up from his seat with a charming smile. He didn’t immediately answer, but under the watchful eyes of everyone present, he walked towards the stage.
Upon reaching Ye Shiting, Harry Perry shook hands with him before standing at the microphone. Of all the many guests, his eyes instantly found Xia Yanyan. Across the distance, he conveyed his affection: “I wish to answer this question in person. Yanyan, come to the stage.”
Xia Yanyan rose. She reveled in the feeling of being the center of everyone’s attention.
Her smile was seductive and captivating. Wearing eight-centimeter high heels, she gracefully walked towards the stage, like a dazzling heroine, towards Harry Perry.
At this moment, it seemed like she and Harry Perry were the stars of the banquet, while the actual main host, Ye Shiting, was merely there to facilitate the event. Ye Shiting didn’t seem to mind, but the expression of Yi Yujian, sitting in the audience, was far from pleasant.
Some even teased from the audience, “Wow, handsome man and beautiful woman, how envious!”
“What kind of good fortune did the second son of the Perry family hit upon that he captured the heart of the National Treasure? Say yes, say yes!”
“The only mermaid in the country, to think she would end up with the Perrys, they really lucked out. But importantly, they’ve got the power. The Perry family is rich in talented individuals, capable of nurturing such amazing men, fit to win a National Treasure’s heart.”
At this moment, Harry Perry on the stage, said to Ye Shiting, “Mr. President, could you please repeat the question? Thank you.”
These words only served to build up Yi Yujian’s displeasure, the more he watched, the more upset he became that his husband was acting merely as the host. He felt aggrieved and helpless.
As President, Ye Shiting would obviously not refuse his request. With a serious tone, he asked once again, “Mr. Harry Perry, do you wish to accept National Treasure’s marriage application. Will you accept her as your other half, cherish her, care for her, and look after her for the rest of your lives?”
###Chapter 628: Chapter 628: Proposal 2_1
Harry Perry’s response came in the form of a physical gesture.
Right on stage at the Presidential Palace’s banquet hall, in front of more than five hundred of the country’s most distinguished guests, he kneeled on one knee, pulled out a velvet box from the pocket of his trousers. From it, he took out a diamond ring, then looked up at Xia Yanyan, “My answer is, Yanyan, marry me. From this day forward, let me love you, cherish you, take care of you, for eternity.”
As soon as the diamond ring was shown, those present who had discerning taste recognized it.
“Isn’t that the ‘Sweetheart’ diamond ring in Mr. Perry’s hand?”
“Looks like it, I’ve seen this ‘Sweetheart’ in the museum before. It’s priceless, never thought Mr. Perry could get his hands on it. Wow, Xia Yanyan is too lucky!”
“What’s the ‘Sweetheart’ diamond ring, can someone explain?”
... 
“You don’t know? Any transparent diamond with a bright deep blue color is an incredibly rare treasure. There are only a few large ones in the world. The one in Mr. Perry’s hands named ‘Sweetheart’ is one of them. It’s an extremely rare deep blue. It symbolizes spirit, healing, love, and eternity. It also represents a unique love. If I were Xia Yanyan, I would be overjoyed right now.”
“I can’t help but cry. What a romantic proposal at the Presidential Banquet. Having the President as their wedding witness, it’s so romantic! Yanyan, say yes to him!”noveldrama
“Say yes to him!”
“Say yes to him!”
…
The enormous banquet hall echoed with such voices, creating an immensely enthusiastic atmosphere.
Xia Yanyan felt both shy and elated. Always a fan of jewelry, she recognized this priceless famous diamond. It was too beautiful, so beautiful it almost made her dizzy, completely making up for the regret of not obtaining the “Light of Luck” earlier.
With her hands covering her mouth out of excitement, she slowly nodded in the face of the crowd’s admiration, “I do.”
There was a cheer at the venue.
Harry Perry put the ‘Sweetheart’ diamond ring on her ring finger, rose, and gave her an affectionate kiss at an angle of forty-five degrees.
Blushing from the kiss, Xia Yanyan glanced at Ye Xingguang in the crowd as she left the stage, her face displaying the victor’s expression of ‘too bad you couldn’t have me’.
Ye Xingguang, did you see that? There are many men in this world willing to spoil me. Losing a national treasure and adopting the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family, it’s like replacing a phoenix with a wild chicken!
Xia Yanyan brandished her ‘Sweetheart’ diamond ring on her ring finger and sneaked another look at Ye Xingguang. Ha, even if she took away the “Light of Luck”, I still have the “Sweetheart”. I am the happiest woman tonight, and the brightest attention can only belong to me!
Ye Xingguang captured the look Xia Yanyan shot at him. It was as if she could clearly see what Xia Yanyan was trying to express at the moment through her eyes. She treated Xia Yanyan’s gaze as if it were simply air.
Just as Harry Perry proposed to Xia Yanyan, a waiter served the table with crabs. As such, Ye Xingguang, wearing gloves, began peeling the crabs for Ye Xingguang. By this point, he had already peeled two and pushed them towards her, looking down and telling her, “Try some.”
“Ok.” Ye Xingguang withdrew her gaze.
After a taste, Ye Xingguang asked her, “How is it?”
“Not bad, I want more.”
But by the time Ye Xingguang reached for more, there was only one crab left on the table. However, as his hand moved towards it, Leng Chenmo’s hand reached out as well. Ye Xingguang was a second too slow, and the last crab was taken by Shen Mo.
###Chapter 629: Chapter 629: Proposal 3_1
With a sigh of resignation, Ye Lord remarked, “You were too slow. I’ll buy more for you to cook at home tomorrow.”
Despite the delicious food, how did it disappear so fast after taking the table?
Ye Xingguang looked up only to see her father, father-in-law, and Leng Chenmo peeling the crab, while her mother, mother-in-law, and Tang Zhou, were all busy eating the crab.
What?
Could this be the so-called ‘perfect harmony between men and women lending to an enjoyable meal’?
The sight lifted the spirits of Ye Xingguang, who was feeling down due to Xia Yanyan’s engagement, and her appetite returned. This scene was just too soothing.
... 
“I wonder when Mrs. Shen’s performance is scheduled?”
After the proposal, Ye Shiting handed the stage back to the host. Tonight, many performances were lined up — songs, magic shows, skits, dances, and acrobatics. It was a national-level banquet, very grand indeed.
In events of such grandeur, Xia Yanyan always had a compulsory performance —singing grandly at the waterfront concert hall. But tonight, at President Yi Yujian’s inauguration banquet, she wasn’t invited, so her performance was canceled.
Originally, Xia Yanyan was quite disgruntled. However, the proposal from Harry Perry dissolved all her grievances.
Now, she had switched seats and was sitting next to Harry Perry. The guests at his table were evidently much classier than the ones where she was seated before; it felt as if she had transitioned from an ‘eighteenth-line’ to a ‘second line’ celebrity, right next to Ye Xingguang’s table.
After settling down, Xia Yanyan specifically glanced at Ye Xingguang’s table, smirking internally. Wait and watch, there is a big surprise awaiting you.
At that moment, a young woman from a reputable family, who was browsing the trending topics, suddenly exclaimed, “Wow, so romantic, this—”
“Um…” As she spoke, she abruptly covered her mouth. It would be highly inappropriate to create a ruckus at such a state banquet. Although it was very romantic, it wasn’t the right occasion to discuss it.
However, her observed restraint aroused the curiosity of the people at her table, “What’s the matter? What’s so romantic?”noveldrama
“Oh, nothing, nothing. Just enjoy the program and the food. Everything is fine.”
The more she dismissed it, the more curious they became. Who wouldn’t relish a touch of romance to go with their wine?
Suddenly Tang Zhou’s phone buzzed from within his pocket. Glancing at the screen, he muttered under his breath, “Bloody hell, who’s done this stupid thing?”
Having just finished eating the crab in front of her, Ye Xingguang curiously asked Tang Zhou, “What stupid thing?”
“Nothing, nothing at all! Brother Qing, I’ll be back in a moment.”
It was an emergency. They had to handle it urgently before Brother Qing found out; otherwise, he would completely lose face today.
Just now, the manager of the Weibo department had sent photos saying that a new hot search had quickly climbed to second place. It wasn’t other than #BigVillainsTrueLoveIsHer#
This explosive hot search instantly captured the hearts of all netizens scrolling through their phones.
By now, the internet was in chaos.
The Weibo post read: Open the Galaxy Map APP, search for all Ye’s mermaid theme parks, a surprise awaits you there.
One netizen, @BuckwheatNoodles commented: “Oh my god! There is really a surprise! Everyone, quickly search for all the Mermaid Theme Parks under Ye’s, and then connect all the Mermaid Theme Parks distributed across the country on the map! Everyone, look at the pattern this forms, it’s exceptionally romantic. Who would have thought that the Mermaid Theme Parks under Ye’s had hidden such a mystery!”
###Chapter 630: Chapter 630: Proposal 4_1
Netizen ‘Fearless Mother’: “I see it, I see it, connecting all the mermaid-themed parks under the Ye’s company forms a group of a man kneeling on one knee, holding a heart in his hand, presenting it to a mermaid. Ahhh! What’s going on? The mermaid is undoubtedly Xia Yanyan. Who is this man?”noveldrama
Netizen ‘A Match Made in Heaven’: “Ahhh! I discovered a secret, I won’t tell you! I photoshopped the picture of the big tumor into it, and there’s no sense of discord. This man is the big tumor, absolutely no doubt. My god, I can’t imagine that Xia Yanyan is the one deeply loved by the big tumor. This unrequited love, I’m swooning~~~”
At Ye Shiting’s presidential campaign rally, Ye Jun Qing once knelt on the stage to Ye Xingguang, putting a foot chain on her.
That netizen who photoshopped Ye Jun Qing’s kneeling picture on the silhouette of the man on the map was incredibly accurate.
Tang Zhou stalked out of the banquet hall, stood in the corridor calling the department manager, swearing: “Immediately remove this trending topic, do you understand? My brother Qing already has an official match. Now let this kind of topic circulate online, how would others think of my brother Qing? They’ll say that my brother Qing has been secretly in love with Xia Yanyan, right?”
The department manager was desperately pleading: “Manager Tang, it’s too late to remove the trending topic now. This trending topic didn’t start in our country, it was discovered and posted on a foreign social media platform by a foreign netizen. There are a lot of other platforms reposting it domestically, so even if Jun Star Weibo removes the trending topic, it wouldn’t be able to put out the gossip of the netizens.”
... 
“I don’t care, remove it immediately, spend money to delete the articles on other websites and platforms. If they can’t be deleted, you can resign!”
Today is the grand election day for Brother Ting, just now Xia Yanyan stole the show in the banquet hall, if this trending topic is allowed to develop, will my brother Qing still have face left?
What would Little Xingguang think if she sees this?
However, following the gasps of the young debutantes a moment ago, many of the young people in the banquet hall saw the trending topic on Weibo.
But, there were still doubts, although the discussion voices were very low, whispering:
“Is it possible that it was said before? Xia Yanyan submitted a marriage application to the country, and wrote Ye Jun Qing’s name on the application. But was rejected by Ye Jun Qing? Ye Junqing would rather go to jail than marry her. Could it be that some executive who chose the site for the mermaid-themed parks has a secret love and wanted to scatter his admiration for Xia Yanyan across the land?”
“Ye Junqing’s refusal of Xia Yanyan was not reported before, it was just a little gossip that spread privately. Perhaps it’s all false. Look at the pattern formed by these mermaid-themed parks scattered across various places. The love is so profound.”
“Before the Koi Girl tried to seduce Ye Junqing, weren’t the Ye and Xia families intending to join in marriage? If not for Koi Girl’s interference, today wouldn’t have been Harry Perry proposing to Xia Yanyan, it would have been Ye Junqing proposing to Xia Yanyan. I wonder how Ye Junqing, who deeply loves Xia Yanyan, really feels right now?”
“The national treasure he deeply loves married someone else, and he got stuck with the adopted daughter of the Bai family’s illegitimate daughter by the country, and he had to put on a happy face and gladly accept it. Going out to eat with other women would get him slandered as a douchebag by netizens. It’s lamentable…”
###Chapter 631: Chapter 631: Proposal 5_1
These whispers and remarks, though taken quietly as if afraid to be overheard by the person in question, still reached Ye Xingguang; she had good ears. She could hear various conversations in the banquet hall. Thereupon, she took out her phone and looked at the trending topics.
Although Tang Zhou had given orders, his subordinates didn’t execute them with great initiative.
Upon his return to the banquet hall, Tang Zhou could see the map that netizens had posted on Ye Xingguang’s phone.
Oh no, Little Starlight must be angry at Shengye again!
What if Little Starlight’s parents stop Sheng Brother from seeing her again? Brother Sheng’s marriage will be forever postponed…
Tang Zhou felt disappointed. What in the world was going on with Shengye? Didn’t he say he wasn’t into Xia Yanyan? Why would he build a Mermaid Theme Park with such a profound confession hidden within? If it weren’t for a observant netizen, who would know about the secret?
... 
Tang Zhou covered his eyes with his hand, afraid to think about what Ye Xingguang might be going through. What would happen if she couldn’t control her temper and created a scene on the spot?
Tang Zhou was already prepared to act. If he detected any negative reaction from Little Starlight, he would immediately escort her out of the banquet hall.
An occasion like today allowed no room for any potential mishaps.
Upon viewing the map revealed by the netizens, Ye Xingguang found that someone had outlined all of the Mermaid Theme Parks owned by the Ye Group on the map with a red pen. The final outline depicted a man named Ye Junqing on one knee, holding a heart with both hands, looking up at a beautiful mermaid.noveldrama
The simple sketch was breathtakingly beautiful.
She instinctively turned her head to look at Ye Junqing, and he was looking at her. As their eyes met, sparks were flying…
Tang Zhou’s heart jumped into his throat. He inserted himself between them immediately, like a bright lightbulb, and whispered to Ye Xingguang in a low voice, “Little Starlight, keep calm, keep calm. This must not be Shengye’s idea. It must be some higher executive in the group who secretly loves Xia Yanyan. My Shengye would never give Xia Yanyan his heart.”
Not Ye Junqing’s idea, then?
Ye Xingguang tried to control her racing heart, pretending to be calm as she said, “There are a lot of people who like Xia Yanyan. Even the person in charge of choosing the locations for the theme park within your corporation was willing to put in so much effort on behalf of Xia Yanyan. Too bad he will be heartbroken. Xia Yanyan is now Harry Perry’s after all. Perhaps you should advise that executive that there are plenty of fish in the sea.”
As soon as she finished her sentence, Ye Junqing’s low and magnetic voice resonated next to her ear, “It wasn’t any executive’s idea. All the mermaid theme parks scattered across the country were personally located by me.”
Ah! Shengye, how can you be so stupid to admit this now? Tang Zhou is about to be driven crazy.
It seemed like a case of the eunuch being more anxious than the king. Wait, he wasn’t a eunuch!
“They were all located by you?” Ye Xingguang tried to play it cool, but she couldn’t do it.
So, the pattern that the netizens outlined… it was his design, right?
He said that he built the Mermaid Theme Parks as a tribute to Xia Qiongqiong because she once saved his life…
If this man wasn’t “Qin Junye,” she might have believed Fu Zhuo’s nonsense about him owing her a life debt and dismissed his construction of Mermaid Theme Parks as entrepreneurial opportunism. However, he was “Qin Junye” and she truly had saved his life once.
Darn it, she couldn’t control her brain. The more she thought about it, the more she felt convinced. Her heart was overjoyed to the point where she didn’t know how to express her feelings. What should she do?
###Chapter 632: Chapter 632: Proposal 6_1
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat and she asked a very stupid question, “Why did you make this design?”
Ye Junqing raised his eyebrows, his piercing gaze met hers, “Because I fell in love with a heartless little brat, I dare not come close to her life, afraid of repeating the same mistakes and hurting each other. I can only amuse myself, keep my love for her in my heart.”
After finishing, Ye Junqing added, “You can pretend I made it up, you anyway, don’t believe me. My lies are full of holes, I don’t have the talent to be a scriptwriter, after all, I come from a science background.”
After saying this, Ye Junqing picked up the glass of red wine on the table and swallowed the entire content at once.
Such expensive red wine needs to be savoured to reflect its value, but he had been feeling depressed these days, needing to drink heavily to drown his sorrows. He may not be a scriptwriter, but everything he said was true.
At this moment, every move of Ye Junqing was a misinterpretation in the eyes of other guests.
... noveldrama
“Look, Ye Junqing’s face seems very upset, he’s drinking to drown his sorrows. Ah, his beloved woman has chosen the Perrys. If I were him, I would also drink to forget my sorrows. She is a national treasure, the only mermaid in the world. He wishes to present his flaming heart to her, but unfortunately, he met the wrong person at the wrong time and was swayed by the carp girl…”
The most anxious one was Tang Zhou. He did not understand what Qing was talking about and could only keep explaining to Ye Xingguang, “Little Xingguang, steady, steady, we must keep it steady. Tonight is a state banquet, we absolutely can’t create a scene. Watch the show, watch the show, there are so many performances on stage. Whatever happens, let’s wait until the banquet is over before settling the score. It’s not too late.”
“Who said I was going to settle scores after the fall? Go back to your place and eat your crab.” Ye Xingguang found Tang Zhou annoying.
She was a little unstable, though, not because of anger, but because she was shocked by the screenshots shared online.
Could it be that she was really the heartless little brat he was talking about?
Ye Xingguang recalled the day of the number drawing at the civil affairs office, when Ye Junqing stormed into the office, clutching her hand in a fury. His enraged expression was like a blazing fire, and yet also as piercing as icicles, a mix of love and hate, a blend of fire and ice.
At that time, she had felt oddly, as if she had wronged him…
She didn’t understand at that time, but if everything he said was true, then she did wrong him, and then the whole thing would make sense to her.
But, it didn’t feel right, how could she have been trapped for seven days by someone she didn’t like? That’s just not like her at all!
Ye Xingguang’s head ached from thinking so hard, she didn’t want to think anymore, but she couldn’t help herself from burying her head and staring at the map sketch on her phone over and over again. Her eyes and brows radiated her concealed joy.
Then, she took the initiative to lean towards Ye Junqing and murmured in a sweet voice, “I like it.”
Ye Junqing was startled for a moment, his gaze locked onto her joy-filled face. Knowing the answer, he asked, “What do you like?”
Ye Xingguang picked up her chopsticks, started eating, and ignored him. What she liked was written all over her face. If her heart was a stage, she was already dancing on the stage of her heart at this moment.
Then, she suddenly thought of the mermaid swimming pool at her home, and the brilliant starlight on the ceiling…
And the night stars on the ceiling of his bedroom, could it all have been his hidden love?
###Chapter 633: Chapter 633: Proposal 7_1
The more she thought about it, the happier she felt. She couldn’t help but wonder, had she really wronged him in the past? As a result, he was wary and could only hide his affections in places difficult for others to detect, savoring them alone when night fell and all was quiet?
At that moment, the waiter brought another dish. Ye Xingguang immediately picked up her chopsticks and placed a piece in Ye Junqing’s bowl.
One chopstickful wasn’t enough, she reached out for more dishes. In the blink of an eye, she filled the small dish in front of Ye Junqing, her attentiveness startling Ye Junqing and leaving Tang Zhou dumbfounded.
What was Ye Xingguang’s strategy? Had she discovered that Ye Junqing liked Xia Yanyan and so now was trying to win his affection and steal his heart?
That might be… a good thing!
Surely it was better than having a quarrel at a state banquet!
... 
Ye Xingguang was smart, yes. A clever person should indeed strive to capture Ye Junqing’s heart!noveldrama
At the next table, Xia Yanyan had also noticed Ye Xingguang’s attentiveness. Her thoughts mirrored those of Tang Zhou. Hah, was this little White Lotus so desperate that she wants to win over Ye Junqing’s heart?
That attentiveness of hers was positively sly!
At this moment, one performance on stage ended and another began.
The announcer said, “The next performance, a symphony from the National Music Association…”
Offstage, everyone was eating and drinking, mingling and networking, so what performance was on stage didn’t quite matter.
As individuals of status and distinction, they’d all seen plenty of performances. The stage shows were just entertainment while everyone drank. However, when several dozen symphony members walked onto the stage with their respective instruments and the music played for two minutes, the banqueting hall’s boisterous chatter suddenly quieted down, growing quieter and quieter until eventually, all was still.
On stage, Madam Shen led the symphony, weaving together many domestic and international masterpieces into a seamless whole. After her innovative rearrangement, the performance reached successive climaxes and was majestic and grand, simply refreshing to listeners.
Even those young people who were not accustomed to appreciating highbrow music could not help but listen attentively, involuntarily uttering the phrase most familiar to them, “Damn, this medley is so phenomenal, take my kneel!”
Ye Xingguang had long since put down her chopsticks to attentively watch the symphony performance on stage, as her beloved Granny Shen was the overall conductor. It was thrilling!
The entire performance lasted nearly nineteen minutes, and Ye Xingguang listened attentively for all nineteen minutes.
Finally, she applauded enthusiastically.
Not just her applause, but the applause of the other guests filled the room.
“That was lit, I’m going to rave about this performance. I even recorded it!”
“I took pictures too, I’m going to share it in my circle of friends. The music was even more beautiful than what I’ve heard at concerts for which I’ve bought tickets. As expected of a state banquet, it’s so high-class!”
“Of course! Didn’t you see the real musicians on the stage? They are all moguls of the music industry. Did you notice the elderly woman conducting? That’s Madam Shen. Internationally renowned, she hasn’t performed in public since she retired. Only an occasion like the presidential inauguration could have enticed her!”
“Ah, I wish these maestros would perform another piece. Such a pity they have to take their final bows. Wait, it’s not over yet?”
Everyone could see Madam Shen standing in front of the microphone. Despite her age, her voice was graceful, “I am honored to have provided a feast for your ears this evening. The previous piece was a gift from the National Music Association to the newly inaugurated President. But tonight, I’d like to perform another piece, because…”
###Chapter 634: Chapter 634: Proposal 8_1
As she spoke, Mrs. Shen cast a kind gaze in particular towards the people below the stage.
She then continued: “Because before the state banquet started, a young man told me that he wants to propose to a girl he loves, and he hopes to do so here, by dedicating a song to his girl. Every act at the state banquet is time-limited, and though I don’t have the authority to disrupt the overall timing of the event, I agreed to his request due to his persistent sincerity. Please don’t mind.”
Wow!
Upon hearing this, everyone directed their gazes towards Harry Perry, presuming that Mrs. Shen was referring to him, am I right?
“We don’t mind at all, not at all,” someone said, their voice filled with admiration.
“Mrs. Shen, your performance was phenomenal. I wouldn’t mind even if you performed it all over again, it was far better than those young pop stars singing. Please, another round. After that young man you mentioned completes his song dedication, would you allow me to dedicate a song too? I’d love to hear a live loop of the track.”
... 
“…”
The reactions from the guests at the state banquet were filled with delight. Many of the women in the crowd cast envious looks towards Xia Yanyan.
All of a sudden, Xia Yanyan was ecstatic. She hadn’t expected Harry Perry to have prepared a special gift for her, having so many musicians on stage play a song just for her. She turned to him, her eyes full of joy.
“Han Sen, thank you for the surprise, I love it.”
Harry Perry was taken aback, he didn’t recall asking Mrs. Shen to have Xia Yanyan play a song. Could it be that someone else was planning to propose tonight as well?
Harry Perry furrowed his brow, honestly saying: “Yanyan, it wasn’t me.”
“What?” Xia Yanyan’s joy quickly turned into embarrassment: “If it wasn’t you who dedicated it for me, then who was it?”
“The song might not be dedicated to you.” He felt it necessary to pour some cold water on her excitement, lest she get too carried away.
He had found that his beloved little national treasure was indeed very narcissistic. However, being adored by a nation from a young age, it was not surprising that she had a bit of a self-centric attitude, yet this wasn’t an unbearable flaw. After all, she was a unique beauty in a world of her own.
“What?” If it’s not dedicated to her, then who is it dedicated to?
Xia Yanyan ruminated over Harry Perry’s words, realizing she might be overreacting, downplayed her joy reluctantly, then whispered to him: “Han Sen, don’t be shy, I know it must be you wanting to give me a surprise.”
Harry Perry coughed lightly, his face noticeably serious: “I swear it’s not me.”
Upon hearing this, Xia Yanyan’s clenched her fingers, she was meant to be the only one proposed to tonight. Who else dared to steal her thunder, even having so many famous musicians perform for them?
There were those at the banquet with sharp ears. Upon hearing Harry Perry’s words, speculation started. If it wasn’t him, then who was it?
The speculation spread rapidly, from person to person, and it quickly became common knowledge; that it wasn’t Harry Perry who had dedicated the song to Xia Yanyan. The question then was, who had dedicated it to who?noveldrama
All the unmarried ladies at the scene with boyfriends couldn’t help but wonder. Could it be me?
Even Ye Xingguang, upon hearing that it wasn’t Harry Perry making the dedication to Xia Yanyan, suddenly became interested. His good-looking eyes roamed around the room, wondering who the lucky person would be to receive a proposal at the state banquet tonight?
Ye Xingguang also whispered to Ye Junqing: “Do you know who it is?”
“I don’t know.” Ye Junqing was idly enjoying the food that she had served into his bowl. It was obviously the same dish, but somehow, it tasted a lot better when she served it?
###Chapter 635: Chapter 635: Proposal 9_1
Ye Xingguang usually drank a lot and ate little at banquets. Surprisingly, he was gorging this time, devouring all the food in his bowl without leaving even a single golden needle mushroom behind. In the end, he even said: “Serve me some more.”
“Can’t you serve yourself?”
Ye Xingguang glanced at her and said, “It tastes extra good when you serve it.”
Tang Zhou, who was sitting next to them, couldn’t stand listening to it: His brother Ye was absolutely spoiled rotten!!!
But Xia Xingguang didn’t throw her chopsticks in Ye’s face. In fact, she actually served him more food. Xia Xingguang was really aggrieved. Tang Zhou had lost any sense of respect for Ye, this shameless man!
On the stage, Mrs. Shen hadn’t finished speaking. After the host brought the violin she requested on stage, he added, “Now, I’d like to invite my most accomplished student to perform with us.”
... 
Mrs. Shen’s most accomplished student, who could that be?noveldrama
The crowd looked around with curiosity.
At that moment, Mrs. Shen’s loving gaze fell on Ye Xingguang. Noticing her gaze, Ye pointed at herself subconsciously. Mrs. Shen confirmed, “Yes, it’s you. Come join me on stage for a performance.”
What? The Koi girl is Mrs. Shen’s student?
No wonder her song at the state banquet went viral on all social media platforms, even outshining foreign princesses!
Ye Xingguang couldn’t resist the invitation. She wiped her mouth and gracefully walked on stage in her high heels.
The crowd noticed her beautiful blue fishtail dress and her flawless makeup. A woman’s appearance truly does transform with makeup. She seemed even more beautiful than Xia Yanyan!
Once on stage, Ye Xingguang took the violin from Mrs. Shen and calmly placed it on her arm without showing any stage fright.
Mrs. Shen said something to her, she nodded, and promptly began playing the violin.
On stage, Mrs. Shen led the entire orchestra as the music resonated again. The tempo this time had shifted from the previous grandeur, with melodious notes filled with affection, medleying all the famous love songs known to the audience.
The tender melody was engraved in everyone’s heart. It was a love brainwash!
Indeed, when a pro performs, you can tell. It’s so cool and mind-blowing!
Immediately, everyone grew even more curious. So, who’s the lucky girl?
Even Tang Zhou was curious, he couldn’t help asking: “Who’s going to propose? Can’t this guy do it faster? Don’t be shy. Spill those dog food moments, I’ll never get tired of them!”
“Exactly, who’s proposing? Be brave! Under the guidance of the national treasure girl and Master Lu, what are you afraid of? Take this joyful day of the President’s inauguration banquet to confess to your lady. Don’t let down the passionate performance of the music maestros on stage. The setting is already romantic. The most tasteful people across the country are here to cheer you on!”
“Hurry up, I want to see some romantic stuff. Your lady is already prepared, just waiting for the moment you get down on one knee…”
As soon as the words ended, the brightly lit banquet hall suddenly went pitch black, stirring the crowd for three seconds before calming down again.
“Wow, has that guy also proposed to the president? He even managed to get the president’s permission to turn off the lights in the banquet hall?”
“How many couples is the president going to bear witness for tonight? The president is working hard to increase the population on his first day in office. The president is truly dedicated…”
###Chapter 636: Chapter 636: Proposal 10_1
Jokingly, Ye Shiting, who was seated in the main seat, spoke up, “No one allowed the lights to be turned off. This, I think, is a real power outage. But those who are not yet married should seize the opportunity.”
Despite the complete darkness, Ye Shiting’s voice was heard by many.
Instantly, the banquet hall was filled with laughter rising and falling in waves.
Regardless of how audacious they were, the bold ones yelled without fear, “Seize the opportunity, seize the opportunity, Mr. President, we will definitely seize the opportunity.”
“Hahaha, I’ll also try my best…”
“Me too.”
... noveldrama
“I also spend every day worrying about increasing the population, I’m trying every day…”
“…”
The joking voices of the crowd rose and fell. At this moment, with a whoosh, the chandeliers in the banquet hall lit up again.
A staff member noticed the atmosphere was not serious and announced through a microphone, “Apologies, there was a circuit break. It has been fixed.”
The issue had been handled quickly and decisively, causing no inconvenience to any dining guests. Rather, it allowed many girls to catch their breath.
They had assumed it was a marriage proposal segment. For instance, when all the lights went out and then one spotlight shone on the leading lady, attracting everyone’s attention and making her the sole focus of the banquet.
This made many girls hold their breath and fantasize. What if it was them, how should they elegantly and generously respond?
It was indeed an exciting moment. Many unmarried girls with boyfriends couldn’t help holding their breath, fantasizing about what if it was them, after all?
However, Harry Perry just proposed to Xia Yanyan, and the diamond ring he gave her was the “Sweetheart”. Regardless of who proposes now, it is likely to be overshadowed by the happiness of Harry Perry and Xia Yanyan, right?
When the green leaves accompany the blooming flowers, many girls aren’t willing because a proposal only happens once in a lifetime. It is more hurtful to be compared, so it is better to have no comparison and no harm at all.
So, some girls are hoping it’s them, while others hope it’s not them…
As the girls have mixed feelings, suddenly, someone notices that Ye Junqing has stood up from his seat and slowly walked onto the stage.
Ye Junqing, a major cancer in their lives, is wearing a white suit today. The sea-blue textured tie and the sea-blue outfit worn by the carp girl Ye Xingguang reflect each other very well, creating a romantic couple-like image.
Could it be that the young man in Madam Shen’s mouth is Ye Junqing?
It has just been revealed online that the mermaid-themed park under the Ye Group is hiding a secret. Netizens have been discussing that his beloved man is Xia Yanyan. Is he going to propose to the carp girl now?
Could it be another act?
Ye Xingguang, who was playing the violin on stage, also noticed the tall and slender man. She wondered why he was walking towards her at a steady pace?
Don’t tell her that he’s planning to propose to her?
Before she could be surprised, her head buzzed, and she went blank.
She was completely unprepared!
He didn’t even give her any hints when she had asked him earlier!
What should she do now?
She doesn’t want to be proposed to on the same day as Xia Yanyan. Xia Yanyan has already stolen all the limelight earlier. If Ye Junqing proposes to her now, what if she becomes a foil for Xia Yanyan?
As a news reporter, she knows best how journalists will write news to grab attention. They will definitely compare her proposal with Xia Yanyan’s, from the diamond ring to the outfits, from looks to body shapes, from prospective husbands to in-laws, and even the comparison of her and Xia Yanyan’s family background…
###Chapter 637: Chapter 637: Proposal 11_1
Reporters had no qualms saturating their stories as long as they attracted traffic, but she not want to be compared with Xia Yanyan. After all, tonight’s news just broke about her mother being the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family. What if reporters smeared her mother’s name tomorrow?
She could tolerate being compared, but her foster mother absolutely shouldn’t be compared by the media to that callous biological mother!
But as the man approached against the light, his towering figure standing before her, all her worries stuttered to a halt. She couldn’t help feeling a sense of palpitation upon meeting his profound gaze. All her previous doubts and worries ceased to matter, as if all of them were outweighed by his tender gaze.
There was silence for three seconds as everyone’s attention fell upon them.
Only Mrs. Shen continued to conduct, and only dozens of symphony orchestra members on the stage continued to play. The melodious and lingering notes intoxicated all the girls’ hearts.
Then, the villainous man’s steps finally halted before the little mermaid.
... 
He looked down at her, his eyes brimming with affection.
Just one look was enough to make winds swept through hearts.
Ye Xingguang didn’t dare sustain eye contact with him for too long. Forgetting to continue to play the violin, she nervously asked, “What are you doing?”
“What do you think?”noveldrama
The excited host ran over and placed the microphone in Ye Junqing’s hand. Ye Junqing, holding the microphone, gently articulated his thoughts with his deep, magnetic voice, “Many people say that I accepted you reluctantly because of my brother. Many doubt that I’ve been putting on a show all along. Others even say that you’re not my true love. Now, I am proposing to you on stage, and I presume many are maliciously speculating whether this is another publicity stunt. Regardless, only I know that why I’m here–it’s because I’m afraid of losing you…”
There were no grand declarations or even a hint of romance. He just stated these plain words:
“It was fear of losing you that made me afraid to open up; it was fear of losing you that made me want to push you away; it was fear of losing you that made me say and do ruthless things. Most importantly, it’s because of the fear of losing you that I want to open up my heart and forcibly pull you into my life. It’s also the fear of losing you that leads me to assertively initiate things that may seem domineering. It’s for the fear of losing you that I need you to become the woman on my marriage certificate, rather than the woman on the official posting. So…”
Ye Junqing then bent his knee again, pulled out a diamond ring from his pocket, didn’t bother asking her if she was willing, directly took her hand and put the ring on.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Then she heard him say an unromantic and domineering piece, “That’s why I don’t want to ask if you’re willing or not. Once the ring is on your finger, you’re stuck with me for life. Do you understand?”
Ye Xingguang almost became unstable with the nervousness brought about by his overbearing proposal. From her higher position, she looked at the man kneeling in front of her, her nose tingling: “How could you do this?”
He responded, “This is just me, this is my temper. The country put you in front of me, so you must be my lifetime companion. Regardless if you’re willing, you have to mentally prepare yourself, as I’m not going to give up. I never will.”
Ye Xingguang bit her lip. Damn it, the man didn’t say a single “Baby, marry me,” yet she didn’t find him annoying at all. In fact, she was wholeheartedly happy. Did that mean she had no self-esteem?
[An Yi: Update in the daytime, write more updates then. Good night, ask for monthly tickets, ask for monthly tickets, ask for monthly tickets~~]
###Chapter 638: Chapter 638: Proposal 12_1
She didn’t even get a chance to say “I do!” Who else is as unlucky as her during their proposal?
Could it be that she is appointed by the state, and doesn’t even deserve to mutter a single “I do!”?
Harry Perry even professed to Xia Yanyan, “I’ll guard you and take care of you for a lifetime,” – and yet, what did he say to her? This man who didn’t even a romantic bone in his body was all she could settle for, and yet she still didn’t find him repulsive.
…
The crowd chanted, brimming with enthusiasm, asking their King of the Night to say “Accept him, accept him…” but all was in vain. However, someone soon noticed the diamond coated around Ye Xingguang’s ring finger – it was the “Diamond of Undying Love!”
That person was using their phone as a telescope, enlarging the view to zoom in on Ye Xingguang’s ring finger.
... 
“Oh my God, the black diamond embedded in the ring that the massive bully gave to our young maiden is definitely the ‘Diamond of Undying Love!’ I am absolutely not mistaken. It was discovered five years ago in the famed Love River, there is only this one chunk of black diamond in the entire world. It’s hailed as a gem in the jewelry industry!”
“What’s this ‘Diamond of Undying Love’ or black diamond? Enlighten me, please!”
“Haven’t you heard? Among all fancy diamonds, black diamonds are prized for their mysterious luster. They stand out among the rest and have been the darling of gem collectors in recent years. People often say that black symbolizes the color of the emperor. When a woman adorns a ring embedded with a black diamond, it magnifies her aura, making her look more mysterious and captivating. However, black diamonds are rare and expensive. Quite literally, they are priceless. As far as the world of jewelry goes, there are no more than four highly esteemed black diamonds!
The black raw gemstone found five years ago weighed 587αt. It took more than three years from the start of research, design, and cutting to finish the original stone. According to the appraisal report issued by the national gemstone laboratory, it is the largest natural black diamond in the world. The renowned Carly Jewelry Museum regards it as the treasure of the museum. It is said that all couples who have seen this diamond in the museum ended up marrying. That’s why it is also known as the ‘Diamond of Undying Love.’
Later, I heard it was bought by a mysterious collector. I wonder how many couples felt regretful about that. The Carly Jewelry Museum has never disclosed the sale price, but can you imagine how expensive must that exclusive diamond be?”
Of course, it would be a sky-high price. The Carly Jewelry Museum is one of the world-renowned jewelry museums. They are not strapped for cash at all, yet they are willing to sell their treasure. Indeed, nothing in the world can’t be bought. If you can’t buy it, you’re probably not offering enough money!
“Is it that dramatic? Once you see the diamond, you can march into the marriage hall? Is the museum just bluffing?”noveldrama
“How could it be a bluff? Don’t you know that many diamonds possess mysterious powers? For example, the diamond of misfortune is an evil diamond, but this Diamond of Undying Love can definitely bring sweetness and passion. Compared to this Diamond of Undying Love, the national treasure’s Diamond of Sweetness pales in comparison. The massive bully truly lives up to his reputation, showing his unrivaled financial prowess with just one move.”
When Xia Yanyan heard the discussions of the guests, her face turned sour. What do they mean by the diamond ring she owns pales in comparison to the one Ye Xingguang is holding? Deep blue diamonds are more beautiful than black diamonds! Were these people merely fawning over him, or did they genuinely lack aesthetic sense?
###Chapter 639: Chapter 639: Proposal 13_1
Originally, Ye Xingguang also found the deep blue diamond ring quite appealing. However, upon hearing the guests’ comments and looking at the black diamond on her ring finger, surrounded by hundreds of small, colorless diamonds, its beauty was enhanced on her slender and fair fingers.
Indeed, everything needs someone to sing its praises. It was being praised to the point where she found it beautiful, no matter how she looked at it. Emperor’s color, huh? This girl didn’t want to be a queen. Why was it that people kept saying she was destined to be a female emperor and even the ring bestowed upon her held the color of an emperor?noveldrama
Noticing the man still kneeling before her, Ye Xingguang felt embarrassed and tugged at him, “Get up.”
Why was he still kneeling?
Ye Junqing said, “I didn’t ask if you were willing, but I want you to respond with a kiss. If you kiss my forehead, it means you are willing to endure my domineering attitude, if not, I will keep waiting like this.”
“Who wants to endure your domineering attitude? If you don’t get up, then keep kneeling.” Ye Xingguang acted arrogantly, but as soon as she said this, she bent down, aiming for the man’s devilishly handsome face, and planted a fierce kiss. Her face reddened.
... 
Below the stage, there were shouts and cheers.
“K…I…S…S…”
“K…I…S…S…”
“K…I…S…S…”
Hearing this, Ye Xingguang felt even more embarrassed, “Why aren’t you getting up? Get up quickly.”
Ye Junqing gracefully stood up, cradling her face in his hands, and planted a long kiss on her lips, lasting a full three minutes. The timing was perfect, as the orchestra, arranged by the wise old Mrs. Shen, ended on the last note. Many young girls in the audience couldn’t help but blush and their hearts beat faster, not to mention the people involved.
Ye Xingguang’s face flushed so deeply she could have easily found a crack in the ground to hide in. She wasn’t too extravagant, so having so many people watching made her uncomfortable. She preferred a more romantic setting with fewer people around when being proposed to, but with everyone’s eyes on her now, she felt nervous.
At the scene, Yi Yujian was probably the happiest.
Earlier, seeing her husband witnessing the proposal of Harry Perry and Xia Yanyan on stage, and Xia Yanyan trying to steal the limelight, she felt furious. But now, seeing her younger brother and sister-in-law taking over the spotlight completely from Xia Yanyan and Harry Perry, she finally swallowed her long pent-up anger.
However, Yi Yujian wasn’t content.
After Ye Shiting whispered something to her, a smile spread across Yi Yujian’s face and she nodded in agreement.
Once the orchestra took their leave, Yi Yujian went on stage, took the microphone from the host, and stopped the about-to-leave Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing: “Want to leave just like that? Little brother, taking advantage of your brother’s presidential inauguration dinner to propose without having to worry about the venue or orchestra, don’t you think it’s too easy? I don’t think it’s fair. I’d like to punish you both by asking you to sing a duet. What do you think, dear guests?”
“Good!” Tang Zhou was the first to applaud.
“Good!”
“Good!”
“Good!”
“…”
Ye Xingguang felt awkward, “Sister-in-law, what should we sing?”
“Since little brother picked the song, then I’ll choose one too. I’m punishing you to sing a duet of ‘Today, you have to Marry Me’. What do the guests think?”
Xia Yanyan clenched her hand around her wine glass as she toasted with others. Her fingers were so tense she could hardly control them. She hated copycat proposals the most. Being an adopted daughter of fishermen from Ye Island and the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family, and that man Ye Junqing, always fearing to lose, was mad!
However, at this moment, a foreign diplomat from Country S who came to offer congratulations approached Song Chuanqi with a cup of wine in his hand. His voice was excited and respectful, “Sir, I didn’t expect to meet you here.”
###Chapter 640: Chapter 640: Is Little Starlight’s Father a Big Shot?_1
As Song Chuanqi was helping Bai Lanwu with her food, he turned to look at the diplomat from Country S who had just spoken. Seeing the diplomat, his brows furrowed immediately, and he coldly responded, “You’ve mistaken me for someone else!”
The diplomat from Country S wanted to speak, but hesitated, aware of Song Chuanqi’s temper. He didn’t dare to persist with the mistaken recognition. However, he didn’t want to leave matters just like that, so he raised his glass in respect, “Sir, let me toast to your health. I heard you’ve recently undergone major surgery. How are you feeling?”
Song Chuanqi, who couldn’t drink, picked up his tea cup and clinked it with the diplomat from Country S. He took a sip, his expression indifferent, not granting the diplomat any face. He then continued to serve Bai Lanwu her food.noveldrama
His demeanor was nonchalant, but everyone in the banquet hall was perceptive. Especially Lawson Perry, sitting at the nearby table, squinted over his wine glass at the proceedings, his eyes deep and thoughtful.
Even Xia Yanyan could not hide her surprise. What was up with the diplomat from Country S?
Why was he respectfully addressing a wild island fisherman as ‘sir’?
... 
Could anyone just casually use the term ‘sir’?
Not just Xia Yanyan, but even Bai Peiluan and Tang Zhou who were seated at the same table were taken aback. They wondered if the diplomat from Country S had mistaken Song Chuanqi for someone else. The way he was addressing him made it seem like he was someone influential.
Three others at the same table – Ye Baixiu, Leng Chenmo, and Bai Lanwu – seemed more composed. Bai Lanwu continued to consume the food served by Song Chuanqi, Leng Chenmo savored his wine, and Ye Baixiu instinctively shielded his face with his hand.
On stage, Ye Junqing took the microphone from the host and passed the other one to Ye Xingguang. He then took her hand, scanned the audience with a proud gaze, and hearing their approval, smiled and said, “This calls for us to obey cheerfully then.”
After Yi Yujian stepped down, the lights dimmed, the background music started, and the banquet hall quickly filled with the couple’s affectionate duet singing.
The lyrics, “Today, you will marry me,” were so fitting. As the song went on, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel the anticipation of a bride-to-be…
Meanwhile, the diplomat from Country S still didn’t want to leave. He stood behind Song Chuanqi and respectfully whispered, “Sir, your parents miss you dearly. When they heard about your surgery, they wanted to visit you. Apart from conveying their congratulations in Country A, they also hope that you would return home. The medical level in Country S is also very good. When you are well-rested, I can arrange a charter flight for you?”
“I’ve told you before, you’ve got the wrong person.” After Song Chuanqi responded in his usually unsmiling manner, he turned his head and gave Ye Baixiu a cold glance.
Ye Baixiu ducked his head to drink, pretending not to notice Song Chuanqi’s intense gaze, and kept shielding his face with his hand.
Bai Peiluan noticed her husband’s strange behavior and lightly tugged his hand, asking, “What are you doing?”
“Nothing, the lights are just a bit too bright.”
After calming himself for a couple of seconds, Ye Baixiu composed himself. He is Ye Baixiu from the Ye’s family, he thought, what was there to fear? He needed to stay composed.
The diplomat from Country S still wasn’t willing to give up, but he also knew that it was not appropriate to persistently bother Song Chuanqi in this setting. Bowing towards Song Chuanqi, he said, “Sir, please enjoy your meal. I will contact you again after the banquet.”
With that said, the diplomat from Country S graciously retired and returned to his seat, listening to the duo’s performance on stage.
On the stage, the man and woman were singing a duet. Ye Junqing sang, “Do you agree to love her, comfort her, respect her, protect her and establish a beautiful family with her for the rest of your life?”
He then answered himself, “Yes I do”
Still holding her hand, he continued singing, “Hear me out, walk hand in hand with me to the very end. Entrust your life to me, yesterday is already passed, tomorrow holds more memories, today you will marry me ….”
###Chapter 641: Chapter 641: Not Yet Married, and Already Turning Her Elbow Outwards_1
As he sang, his eyes remained hooked on her. Ye Xingguang practically rolled her eyes. Yes, she knew, she knew she had to marry him today. But she didn’t feel moved at all by this arrogant man. She was still upset that he hadn’t said “I do” yet.
It seemed those words would have to wait for their wedding vows. But Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but whisper them to herself a few times – “I do”, “Yes I do”.
The duet ended and she did not immediately return to her seat. After leaving the stage, she did not want to walk back arm in arm with him. But his large hand kept holding her small one, their fingers interlocked as they sat down amidst the public gaze.
“Let go of me,” she whispered softly.noveldrama
“I don’t want to.”
Having said this, he looked somewhat smug. He’d proposed, and surely her parents wouldn’t go back on their promise now?
... 
Standing up, he poured tea for Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu, then gave a secretive glance to his mother. He’d learned the hard way that while his mother and brother loved him, his father, Ye Baixiu, wasn’t as dependable!
The Family Head Bai Peiluan was overjoyed, poking Ye Baixiu in the ribs. “Lan Wu, our children are about to get married and your brother-in-law’s health improves every day. There’s no time like the present. Everyone is here, why don’t we discuss their engagement?”
Bai Lanwu looked at the diamond ring on their daughter’s finger and pointed out: “Xingguang didn’t say she was willing though.”
“Mum, I am willing,” Ye Xingguang quickly responded.
With a look of resignation at his disobedient daughter, Bai Lanwu handed the speaking rights to Song Chuanqi, “Chuanqi, what do you think?”
Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi had already agreed on a strategy: one good cop, one bad. Bai Lanwu played the role of the annoyed parent, while Song Chuanqi laughed and said, “Once a daughter is married off, she’s like water that’s been poured out. But before she’s even married, she’s already leaning away.”
With a blush creeping on her face, Ye Xingguang quickly withdrew her hand from his, saying, “Mum, Dad, I will listen to you. Marriage is decided by our parents and the country.”
The added emphasis on “country” after “parents” was a clear sign of her true feelings.
Song Chuanqi was delighted with his daughter’s answer. After all, she was his little girl, and he was very happy that she was marrying into the Ye family.
He took a sip of the tea and put down his cup. “Since we’re all here today, let’s discuss their engagement. I don’t have any relatives, but there are a few neighbors who watched Xingguang grow up. We can invite them to the engagement party. As for your side, you can decide.”
Bai Peiluan sought Bai Lanwu’s opinion, “Should we invite my family’s relatives?”
Seeing Bai Lanwu’s complete disinterest, Bai Peiluan quickly said, “Actually, it doesn’t really matter whether we invite them or not. The most important thing is to invite the relatives from Junqing’s uncle’s side. Junqing has two uncles and an aunt who definitely need to be invited. I’m not particularly close to my family.”
As an illegitimate child who assumed the identity of her own sister to join the Ye family as the wife of the Family Head, Bai Peiluan had many Bai relatives who liked to interact with her. However, she didn’t like to entertain them. However, given her impersonation, she lacked confidence and couldn’t afford to upset them, so she often had to maintain relationships with these Bai relatives, something Bai Peiluan found annoying.
###Chapter 642: Chapter 642: Is her father going to inherit the throne of S country? _1
Having assumed the identity of the eldest daughter of the Bai family, Bai Peiluan would, of course, inquire about everything that the real daughter had experienced to avoid being exposed. Therefore, Bai Peiluan knew her long-lost sister’s life story better than her sister herself.
Her sister’s mother passed away early. When her father remarried, the stepmother showed no love to her sister, leading her sister to develop severe autism. Fortunately, her grandparents treasured her. Alarmed by their granddaughter’s deteriorating condition, they decided to take her in and care for her. From then on, her sister was raised by her grandparents. She didn’t want to go to school, so her grandparents hired the best tutors to teach her at home.
Her sister’s reputation as a master in music, chess, calligraphy, and painting was spread by her tutors, well-known masters from all over the country, who often showcased her artwork.
When her sister turned eighteen, the grandparents passed away one after another. It was said that she was the one who took their loss the hardest. She stayed home to mourn for three full years without slacking off.
During their will reading, her grandparents bequeathed much of their estate to her sister, causing feelings of dissatisfaction from their father and stepmother.
Learning that the eldest legitimate daughter of the Bai family was accomplished in music, chess, calligraphy, and painting, and had earned fame, Ye’s Family sent a marriage proposal, seeking a marital alliance. For some reason, her sister didn’t like Bai Xiu and refused to marry him, hence fled the marriage.
... 
Her father then brought Bai Peiluan back, an illegitimate daughter he had kept secret. Since few people knew her sister’s appearance, her father and stepmother persuaded her to impersonate her sister and marry Bai Xiu, bribing anyone who knew of her true identity to remain silent.
In truth, she knew her father and stepmother were only interested in her sister’s inheritance from their grandparents and wanted to tie themselves to the well-off Ye family. She understood it all eventually, but she had no choice but to follow through with the deception because of her own predicaments.noveldrama
During the engagement banquet of her two children, she should have invited the Bai family. However, recalling the bad relationships between her sister and the Bai family, Bai Peiluan thought it was inhumane to invite them to the party. She took everything that belonged to her sister, and if she invited the Bai family to make her sister feel bad, would she still be considered a human being?
Bai Lanwu, on the other hand, didn’t think as much as Bai Peiluan did. Living on the island for years, she had no trouble fitting in.
If she ever got bored, Chuan Qi would take her around to experience various cultures, especially after their daughter went abroad for university. Their time became more flexible. However, her husband’s illness always prevented them from staying out for too long.
Once Chuan Qi recovered from his illness this time, they could genuinely go anywhere they wanted to have a vacation and enjoy life.
At that moment, Lawson Perry received a WeChat message from Nan Yin.
In a brief period, he had figured out why the foreign affairs officer from S-country was so respectful to Song Chuanqi.
As Lawson Perry opened the WeChat message, he read the truth that Nan Yin had found, resulting in a furrowed brow.
Harry Perry was sitting next to Lawson Perry, and his eyes accidentally glanced over. He asked in a low voice: “The father of the Koi Girl, that fisherman from the remote island, he is the reclusive Crown Prince of S-country, who never shows his face to the outside world?”
What?
Sitting next to Harry Perry, Xia Yanyan’s mind went buzzing.
She knew that S-country was a constitutional monarchy that still retains a royal family with actual political power. The man at the next table, the fisherman from a remote island, turned out to be the Crown Prince of S-country. So, wasn’t Ye Xingguang, the innocent White Lotus, the daughter of the Crown Prince of S-country? Wasn’t it her father who was going to inherit the throne of S-country?
###Chapter 643: Chapter 643 Miss Xia will not be jealous of her own sister, right?_1
Xia Yanyan had never even dreamt that Ye Xingguang, that innocent little lotus, would have such a good family background?noveldrama
Thankfully, she’s only an adopted daughter, otherwise she’d be a princess of Country S!
What Lawson Perry is thinking, however, is that it’s such a pity she’s adopted. Otherwise the President’s brother marrying the Crown Prince’s daughter of Country S…
Lawson Perry feels let down, and Xia Yanyan feels even more upset, finding no joy in eating anything. The entire banquet was a total mood dampener!
The state banquet lasted until past nine o’clock without finishing. However, Song Chuanqi, whose health wasn’t fully recovered, excused himself early and left. Naturally, Bai Lanwu followed her husband out.
Ye Xingguang also wanted to go along, but was stopped by Song Chuanqi: “You young people go and enjoy yourselves. Having your mother accompany me is enough.”
... 
With filial respect, Ye Xingguang stood up and accompanied her parents to the entrance. Ye Junqing had already arranged a car. The two of them accompanied Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu to the car, closed the door, and then Ye Xingguang stood there, watching her parents leave before returning to the banquet hall.
The diplomat from Country S, seeing Song Chuanqi leave, also left, following the former’s car in his own vehicle.
In the car, Bai Lanwu noticed the car following them. She whispered to her husband: “It seems they intend to follow you to Country S. That diplomat probably won’t easily give up. Will you go back?”
“No.” Song Chuanqi wrapped his arm around Bai Lanwu’s shoulder, pulling her into his embrace: “We’ll retire on this island.”
He is not the Crown Prince of Country S and he could not accept that he was once the Crown Prince of the country. Over the years, he had become accustomed to island life and would not easily plunge into the vortex of power of the royal family of Country S. The real Crown Prince of Country S is Ye Baixiu, but unfortunately, it is impossible to explain now.
No one would believe it even if he explained.
As long as the woman he had always wanted to marry remained his wife, Song Chuanqi was content.
Upon returning to the banquet hall, Ye Xingguang went to the restroom.
As she walked into the ladies’ room, she looked up and saw Xia Yanyan in front of the sink, touching up her makeup in the mirror.
Ye Xingguang averted her gaze, walked into an unoccupied stall, and closed the door. A moment later, she came out of the stall to find Xia Yanyan still at the sink, touching up her makeup. Ye Xingguang stood next to her washing her hands.
Xia Yanyan was annoyed to see her. Looking in the mirror, she realized that Ye Xingguang’s makeup looked very nice tonight. A woman indeed needed makeup. After applying makeup, the innocent little lotus looked just like a heavenly immortal, and even she couldn’t help but envy her.
Wait…
The little lotus, after applying makeup, looked very much like a woman she had once seen in a shopping mall. She hadn’t paid much attention earlier, but now, the more she looked at the little lotus in the mirror, the more convinced she became that they were not just similar, they were the same person!
What kind of amazing make-up artist did she have? After applying make-up, she looked even more like she wasn’t wearing any. This was real skill!
Xia Yanyan couldn’t resist the urge to find out the name of the makeup artist. She wanted to hire her to become her dedicated makeup artist.
Ye Xingguang washed her hands and dried them, ready to return.
But just as she was about to step out, Xia Yanyan, looking apologetic, spoke up: “Miss Ye, about those baseless speculations from netizens on the Weibo hot search, I hope you won’t take it to heart. Lord Ye still loves you very much. Those mermaid theme parks were just some trivial things he did before he met you.”
There were many people coming and going in the ladies’ room, and Ye Xingguang did not want to have a dispute with Xia Yanyan there. However, if Xia Yanyan wanted to stir up trouble, she would not avoid it. She responded with a smile:
“Why would I mind? I know that the efforts he put into the mermaid theme park were all for Xia Qiongqiong. Xia Qiongqiong is my best friend. Surely, I wouldn’t be jealous of my best friend, and I believe Miss Xia wouldn’t be jealous of her own little sister, right?”
###Chapter 644: Chapter 644 How Did This Matter Leak Out?_1
Upon hearing the words ‘younger sister’, Xia Yanyan’s face instantly turned pale. With the ladies’ restroom full of people, numerous ears prick up, this handsome guy blurts out Xia Qiongqiong’s name, even calling her his little sister, Xia Yanyan couldn’t dare to imagine. If this got out, how would people speculate?
Xia Yanyan, changing her tone, sounded much softer and even sincere, “Miss Ye, congratulations on your engagement with Mr. Ye.”
Ye Xingguang knew what Xia Yanyan feared. Seeing that Xia Yanyan knew how to hold back, she said with a forced smile, “And congratulations to you on your engagement.”
With that, she stepped out, returning to the banquet hall.
After Xia Yanyan left the ladies’ restroom, her face had turned white for quite some time before a flurry of women coming in and out started discussing, “What did the Carpfish girl just say? Does Xia Yanyan actually have a younger sister named Xia Qiongqiong? How come I’ve never heard of this?”noveldrama
“Today is just filled with gossip! I feel like I’ve heard the name Xia Qiongqiong somewhere. Oh, I remember now, isn’t she the mysterious songwriter who wrote the new song for Ling Han’s album?”
... 
“Right, is it a coincidence that they share the same name, or are they the same person? My god, this is too much information to process, my mind can’t wrap around it.”
While these two ladies were excitedly discussing and washing their hands at the sink, they didn’t forget to share the latest news in their various gossip groups. Almost instantly, rumors of the Xia Family having another daughter named Xia Qiongqiong spread to various WeChat groups.
The state banquet had ended, and Xia Yanyan left with Harry Perry. The moment she was helped into the car by him, a call from Xia Wealth came through.
Xia Wealth: “What’s going on? What happened at the state banquet? The media have been calling asking me if I have another daughter named Xia Qiongqiong. How did this get out?”
Xia Yanyan’s heart jolted. After bidding farewell to Harry Perry and closing the car door, she said, “Dad, did this news spread so quickly? It was Ye Xingguang who revealed it. That Little White Lotus deliberately let it out loudly in the restroom, I didn’t even get the chance to stop her.”
Xia Wealth was furious: “Did you provoke her again?”
“Me? She was the one to mess with me.”
Concerned about the past being exposed, Xia Wealth said a few words before hanging up, but not before reminding her, “Stay away from her as much as you can. Times have changed. You shouldn’t have written Mr. Ye’s name on the marriage application in the first place. Now that our relationship with the Ye’s has been strained, we didn’t even get an invitation for this important event like the state banquet. If you continue this reckless behavior, our family’s reputation will be put into an even more awkward position.”
“Dad, I’m a national treasure, what’s there to be afraid of? Besides, I’ve listened to you and am now with Harry Perry. Why is my cousin so pretentious? Just because she’s the First Lady? Wait until the President completes his term, who knows who the next President will be. Considering Han Sen’s temperament, he will definitely make a comeback in the next Presidential election. Maybe in the next term, I’ll also be the sister of a President. What goes around comes around, the future is long, what makes my cousin so confident? She really underestimates me!”
Xia Wealth: “Alright, enough of this, if not for your stubbornness, there wouldn’t even be a need to wait for the next term. I would be the uncle of the First Lady right now. Be patient and stop competing with that crazy girl Ye Xingguang. Otherwise, if the matter regarding Qiongqiong is exposed, our family’s reputation will definitely be swept away.”
###Chapter 645: Chapter 645 Seems like I drank too much, just want to hug you_1
“Am I not polite enough to her? You have no idea how arrogantly she’s been behaving recently. On my birthday she tried to steal my older brother, I buy a diamond and she wants to steal it, even when I try to form connections in the music industry she tries to compete with me. Even during an engagement proposal, she tries to steal my thunder! I have never been so wronged in my life!”
She doesn’t know if she’s met her nemesis, and what’s even more frustrating is that her adopted father is actually the Crown Prince of Country S. How can that little White Lotus lead such a charmed life? Even Master Huixian praises her for being blessed with good fortune and having the ability to bring good luck to her husband and children. Xia Yanyan doesn’t even know where to vent her anger!
At this moment, Ye Xingguang had not left the state banquet hall yet. She walked over to Yi Yujian and hugged her: “Sister-in-law, congratulations.”noveldrama
“Thank you.”
After their hug, Yi Yujian looked at the diamond ring on her ring finger, and considering the hot searches on Weibo, she put a lot of thought into her words: “Don’t take everything on Weibo too seriously. I’ve never seen my younger brother harboring any secret affection for Xia Yanyan. Initially, I wanted to set them up, but my younger brother simply doesn’t seem enthusiastic about it. He might just like The Mermaid simply for what it is.”
“I know, sister-in-law, don’t worry, I won’t overthink it.”
... 
The Mermaid-themed park is a project that Ye’s Group has been working on for several years. Now she truly believes that she is the heartless little rascal in someone’s talk, but she just can’t agree with the story he has manufactured. Oh well, she shouldn’t take everything too seriously.
How could one not be greedy when someone clearly loved her before she even stepped into his life? He hid his affection in the Mermaid-themed park, in the ceiling of the bedroom, and in the Mermaid swimming pool… If these were not enough, then she must be too greedy.
Yi Yujian was still worried that she would overthink things. Seeing the hints on the Weibo map, any woman in her position would be unable to stay calm. Yi Yujian herself definitely wouldn’t be able to, so she felt obliged to add a few more words:
“Last time when his older brother fell sick and was hospitalized, netizens paired you up with Ye Shiting. My younger brother was immediately unhappy. He was even jealous of his brother! He openly expressed his dislike for Xia Yanyan in front of his brothers in the hospital, asking everyone not to have any unnecessary thoughts. He also declared that the only woman for him is Ye Xingguang!”
“Really?” A small smile of delight spread across Ye Xingguang’s face.
That guy really was a big jealous pot. She hadn’t wronged him.
After saying goodbye to Yi Yujian, Ye Xingguang went out. Ye Junqing was helping Ye Shiting see off a few important guests at the entrance, and she waited by the side. Seeing him standing out among a crowd of people, cracking jokes and laughing, once he finished his work, she was already counting sheep beside him.
Ye Junqing took off his suit jacket and draped it over her shoulders, pulling her into his arms. He ordered Xiao Yun to bring the car over, and then helped her into the car. By the time they left the President’s residence, it was almost half past ten.
Ye Junqing had drunk quite a bit and his neck was red. As he sat in the car, he forcefully loosened his tie and pulled her into his arms. On smelling the alcohol, she tried to push him away in disgust, but his eyes darkened and he forcefully held her tighter.
His hot palm moved along her thin dress, making Ye Xingguang’s heart pound. She tried to stop him in a low voice: “What are you doing? We’re in the car, there are people around.”
Despite Ye Junqing’s imposing arms denying her any chance of escape, he talked with his face close to hers, his voice just beside her ear, as unrestrained as he was usually restrained. His reason was straightforward: “I think I drank too much, so I just want to hold you.”
###Chapter 646: Chapter 646: Want to Eat Fish……_1
Afterwards, he threw a sentence to the driver: “Back to the estate. I’m sleeping at home tonight. I don’t want to disturb my father-in-law with the smell of alcohol.”
Sleeping in the hospital’s small villa every day, I can’t make too much noise at night. The soundproofing in the hospital villa is not good. My father-in-law’s ward is next door. Every night, I have fish-like company but no actual fish to eat. Don’t ask how frustrated I am.
Now that the effects of the alcohol were kicking in, all he wanted was to sleep in his giant bed at home. In the vast villa, there were only the two of them. He could savor his fish however he wanted, whether it was steamed or braised—it all tasted delicious.
Upon hearing his instructions, the driver immediately drove back to the Ye’s estate.
At the sight of him, Ye Xingguang wrinkled her nose in disgust from the smell of alcohol on his body. The moment the car stopped in front of the estate, she pushed him away and jumped out of the car as if she were escaping.
The man had his arms wrapped around her all the way home. Drunk men were like furnaces, holding on to her without letting go, making her break into a sweat. Could this man not drink a little less?
... 
After he got out of the car, he waved his hand to dismiss everyone, then lifted his long legs and walked into the house with confident strides.
Ye Xingguang went to the kitchen. She felt the need to make a sobering tea for this man. Ye Junqing came up behind her, wrapped his arms around her waist, rested his head on her shoulder and hung around her like gum. His deep voice asked, “What are you making? Are you still hungry?”
“I’m making a soup to sober you up. Please take a bath upstairs, you smell so strongly of alcohol.”
Ye Junqing frowned, intentionally breathing on her face, his voice malicious, “Are you disgusted by my smell?”
“Why can’t people despise you when you reek? What kind… stop it!”
Ye Junqing lifted her sideways in his arms and headed straight out.
Where was he going? Ye Xingguang was taken aback, unsure of his intentions. She didn’t jump off him but used her strength to poke his arm: “What are you doing? Where are you going?”
Ye Junqing headed straight for the Mermaid Swimming Hall. Tonight, he wanted fish.
But when the two of them got to the Mermaid Swimming Hall and hadn’t even made it to the second floor, they heard Tang Zhou singing from the swimming pool on the second floor. Something about the event dampened Ye Junqing’s mood.
“Small Boat, give you a minute to leave the swimming hall.”
“Why? I was about to see if I could still see the first love fish I encountered three months ago. It’s strange why these past few days, no matter how much I come to the swimming pool for luck, I can’t see that mermaid. Could it be that I am hallucinating?”
“Oh yeah, big brother Qing, did you hear? There was news tonight that the Xia family has another daughter, Xia Qiongqiong. I was just sharing this information with Fu Zhuo. Fu Zhuo said he knew about it long ago. You set up the Mermaid Theme Park in honor of Xia Qiongqiong. Could it be that Xia Qiongqiong is also a mermaid? My god, could the love fish that I saw that night be Xia Qiongqiong?”
Ye Junqing had no interest in dealing with Tang Zhou. At the moment, all he wanted was to throw the little mermaid into the swimming pool.
“Go away. Don’t make me say it a third time!” Ye Junqing’s voice was ice cold.
“Is this pool not big enough for three people to swim in?”
“No, you shine too brightly. Get out!” His patience was exhausted.noveldrama
Was he implying that he was a third wheel?
The house had enough rooms, didn’t it?
Tang Zhou, swearing under his breath, climbed out of the pool and picked up his clothes next to it. He stormed out of the Mermaid Swimming Hall and had almost reached his own residence when he realized that his mobile phone was still in the swimming hall. He turned around and went back.
[An Yin: That’s all for today’s updates. As for tomorrow’s updates, I will update as I write during the day. Kisses. Please vote for the monthly vote and recommendation. ]
###Chapter 647: Chapter 647: Holy Crap! My First Love Goldfish!_1
Fearing his brother would discover him, he stealthily made his way to the swimming pool. He removed his shoes and held his breath, tiptoeing barefoot upstairs. His goal was to surreptitiously retrieve his phone and make his escape without his brother catching him and giving him a hard time. After all, brotherhood is one thing, but not being able to resist good-looking clothes is another thing.
Men are highly visual creatures, and even his brother was no exception.
Tang Zhou made up his mind that after retrieving his phone, he would go home and apply a few more facial masks. Otherwise, how was he going to retain his loyal sidekick?
In the swimming pool, Ye Xingguang was enjoying herself, swimming freely.
As soon as Tang Zhou left, she was ruthlessly thrown into the swimming pool by a man. The man jumped in after her, insisting on engaging in playful water games. At the moment, the two were engaged in a chase within the spacious pool.noveldrama
The man, fond of setting the mood, had even turned off the lights on the second floor. Underneath the artificial starlight and moonlight, in the late-night swimming pool drenched in silver moonlight, Ye Xingguang was being chased by the man. She put up a struggle, causing water to splash all over him. Despite this, he was relentless. At this moment, he finally caught her and was about to kiss her in his embrace…
... 
She was somewhat flustered by his kisses, and could not care about the outside world. No matter how quietly Tang Zhou moved, even if he sang songs on his way up, she probably wouldn’t be able to notice. Her mind entirely focused on the man, the two entwined in the water, in a hopeless flurry…
In the end, Ye Xingguang felt her heart pounding. She pushed him away, panting, and tried to swim away. But he grabbed her wrist hard, not letting her escape. With his other hand, he once again wrapped around her waist. His gaze lingered on her face…
Feeling slightly embarrassed by his stare, Ye Xingguang glared at him, “Stop staring or I’ll eat you up.”
“Are you sure it’s you who will eat me up?” He teased her. Despite her feisty facade in the water, he knew he couldn’t resist hers. Even if he couldn’t touch her, her beautiful mermaid tail was enough for him.
Xia Yanyan might be the mermaid admired by men nationwide, but only she was his exclusive treasure. Ye Xingguang knew he had a strong possessive desire. Not only did he support her decision to keep the secret of her being a mermaid, but he was emphatically in favor of it.
He did not care about her national treasure status, he wanted her to be his treasure.
His big palm landed on her beautiful tail, his palm filled with warmth as he caressed her tail. Ye Xingguang was surprised by his touch. “You, in this form, must never let anyone else see, or I might become a tyrant, plucking out everyone’s eyeballs.”
“What if someone accidentally sees?” Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes. She must admit she did like his possessiveness. It made her feel like she was his whole world under the moonlight. She could not help but wonder, did he think she was a carefree and ruthless person because of his strong possessiveness? She must have been fiercely opposed to his possessiveness, hence her stubbornness, which made her hard for him to get.
“Even if they accidentally see, they must be eradicated.”
Just as he finished speaking, a sudden exclamation came from Tang Zhou at the entrance of the pool, “Damn! My first love is a fish!”
###Chapter 648: Chapter 648: Yes, it’s me!_1
Tang Zhou couldn’t believe what he was seeing. In the water, his elder brother was holding a mermaid. Wasn’t that mermaid his long-cherished first-love-fish that he had been longing for almost three months?
That glamorous fish tail, which had absorbed myriad spectrums of colors; the pearl white sheen shining through the gold and blue; god in heaven. The coveted first-love-fish that he had been hunting for so long, was now being cradled in his brother’s arms, being lavishly caressed.
Tang Zhou hadn’t seen Ye Xingguang’s face yet and had no idea that it was him. From his perspective, all he could see was his brother frolicking in the water. In an instant, he was beside himself with excitement and came bolting over in delirious joy.
“Ahhhh! am I dreaming? My eyes must be playing tricks on me, brother, you’ve had my first-love-fish hidden all along. So this is why you wanted to chase me away. You’ve been so unfair, secretly keeping my first-love-fish to yourself without letting anyone see. You even threatened anyone who dared to look at it with the extermination of their clan. Part of that clan is yours too, ahhhhh…”
Tang Zhou made a diving gesture, wanting to jump into the water…
“You dare to jump in and I show you!” Ye Junqiong didn’t expect Tang Zhou to come back. Almost instinctively, he hid Ye Xingguang’s fish tail under the water, now with an unreasonable possessiveness, even a single fish scale seen by others would be intolerable.
... 
Ye Xingguang was scared to death and quickly submerged back into the water.
However, it was futile.
Tang Zhou nearly didn’t manage to stop in time. His knees locked in an abrupt brake at the edge of the swimming pool. Because the brake was too abrupt, his entire body was off balance. He swayed at the edge of the pool, trying to stabilize himself for a while before finally succeeding, his eyes wide with disbelief.
Ye Junqiong commanded harshly: “Get out!”
“No, no… Elder Brother, let me have a look, I will not fight you for it. I mean, that’s my first-love-fish after all.” Tang Zhou rubbed his eyes several times, and although the shy mermaid had already slipped under the water, he still couldn’t look away.
The ripples in the water just made the mermaid’s stunning beauty more irresistibly alluring. She was bewitching!
Being used to seeing Xia Yanyan’s red-haired mermaid, Tang Zhou was spellbound when he suddenly sighted an even more beautiful mermaid. He could hardly move an inch. If it were not for elder brother’s cold stare intimidating him, he would rather have taken some photos using his phone by now.
As Tang Zhou was immovable, Ye Junqiong didn’t know where his anger was shooting from. He swam to the edge of the pool in just one stroke, and pulled Tang Zhou out by force. Seeing Tang Zhou still unwilling to leave, Ye Junqiong was on the verge of kicking him out.
“Elder brother, elder brother, don’t drag me. Let me have a look, let me have a look. Isn’t that the first-love-fish that I saw? As it turns out, you found her long ago but refused to tell me. What kind of elder brother does that, it’s just too unfair.”
“Elder brother, how could you do this? Have you thought about how Ye Xingguang might feel? Hey, where is Ye Xingguang? Weren’t you just carrying him to the swimming pool… Oh my god…”
An idea suddenly flashed in Tang Zhou’s mind, prompting him to exclaim: “That mermaid wouldn’t happen to be Ye Xingguang… Ahh… don’t drag me… don’t drag me… I want to see what she looks like? Ye Xingguang, Ye Xingguang, is that you, you in the water, is that you?”
With a splash, the gorgeous mermaid hidden under the water surfaced. Ye Xingguang shook off her wet long hair, not bothering to hide anymore. Since she had nothing to hide, she responded to Tang Zhou, “Yes, it’s me.”noveldrama
###Chapter 649: Chapter 649: Yes, I am Xia Qiongqiong_1
“Aaaaaaaaah!” Tang Zhou’s voice filled the entire swimming pool.
Ye Xingguang stared at the fish tail in the water, where the identity of the little mermaid was revealed, helplessly covering his ears. Otherwise, he would have been deafened by Tang Zhou’s screaming.
Tang Zhou couldn’t take his eyes off the beautiful little starlight mermaid in the water, then turned to look at Ye Xingguang, whose expression was dark as thunder. He envied him so much that he couldn’t suppress his own voice:
“Bro Ye, did the state send you a mermaid? A mermaid even more beautiful than Xia Yanyan? Why does the state treat you so well? No, I can’t accept it! Just because you insist on not getting married, the state sends you these good benefits? Law-abiding citizens don’t get such benefits, how come you, who defy to the end, are the one enjoying the best allocation treatment?”
Ye Xingguang said coldly, “Is the state treating you poorly? They sent Leng Chenmo to you. You’re insatiable.”
“So the trending topic on Ye Xingguang’s blog, of you holding a heart in your hands and giving it to a mermaid, that mermaid was Little Starlight?”
... 
Tang Zhou slapped his forehead: “How could I be so stupid, I even let people stop the trending topic, afraid that Little Starlight would misunderstand you. No wonder Little Starlight wasn’t angry at all then and even served you so much food, you two had already planned it all in secret, hadn’t you?”
Ye Xingguang clenched his brows: “If you don’t know how to speak, then keep your mouth shut!”
Could the phrase ‘planned it all in secret’ also be applied here?
Tang Zhou looked up again, at the starlight sprinkling down from the ceiling, and then slapped his brain again: “This ceiling… starlight… ha, isn’t that hinting at Little Starlight? How could I be so stupid to only guess it now? Bro Ye, you sly fox, you’ve kept it hidden so deeply, and all of us brothers always thought, you liked Xia Yanyan, but you knew all along, there was a more beautiful mermaid than Xia Yanyan! Just tell, did you bribe the civil affairs office for Little Starlight to get your name?”
Without waiting for Ye Xingguang to answer, Tang Zhou confidently said: “You must have cheated, otherwise, how could Little Starlight get you the first try…”
“Have you finished your blabbering? If you’re done, then get out of here!” Ye Xingguang didn’t want to hear Tang Zhou’s shocked voice anymore. The good mood was completely ruined by Tang Zhou. He really wanted to annihilate Tang Zhou right now!
Ye Xingguang left Tang Zhou and found his phone from the tatami beside the swimming pool and dialed Leng Chenmo.
“Come over, swimming pool. Take this fool away. If you don’t come within ten minutes, get ready to dispose of his body!”
As soon as the call ended, Ye Xingguang heard the quick-brained Tang Zhou say, “Could it be, Little Starlight, you are the other daughter of the Xia family revealed in the news tonight, Xia Qiongqiong?”
“Yes, I am Xia Qiongqiong, are you satisfied now? Can you shut your mouth now, my ears are about to be deafened by you! What’s the big deal? Haven’t you seen a mermaid before?”
Ye Xingguang also plugged his ears, her beautiful tail swishing back and forth in the water, showing off her charm.
Ye Xingguang twitched at the corners of his eyes, warned her with a glance, hinting her to retract her tail and not let Tang Zhou see.
But Ye Xingguang behaved as though she didn’t see it, she raised her fishtail and coquettishly waved her tail to Tang Zhou, saying, “You better not divulge my identity…”noveldrama
Before Ye Xingguang could finish her words, Tang Zhou slapped his forehead again. His IQ seemed to be off the charts tonight, and his intelligence was rising steadily: “Ah, I finally get why Bro Ye named his blog ‘Ye Xingguang’s Blog,’ and even designed the logo as a mermaid. Isn’t this just the fusion of your and Little Starlight’s names? “
###Chapter 650: Chapter 650: What Should He Do, He Is in Such a Difficult Situation_1
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang was stunned for a moment. She never thought about it until Tang Zhou brought it up. Was he hiding his tender thoughts in his Weibo posts?
Tang Zhou was right. This man was indeed crafty, but this cunningness was so charming that she couldn’t help but smile.
She looked up and locked eyes with him, her heart rippling. How many more of his sweet thoughts were hidden that she hadn’t discovered yet?
He was like a “treasure” boy. She swore, when she called him these four words, it wasn’t a mean phrase.
Catching Ye Xingguang’s gaze, his lips lifted slightly. The tall man seemed a little shy and he cleared his throat, “Just an arbitrary name, don’t overthink it.”
“Brother Qing, why are you so naive? Why deny the obvious? It’s clear as day! Ye Xingguang, brother Qing must love you so much! Why else would he go through so much trouble hiding his feelings for you? My god, brother Qing is too shy! Even though he obviously likes you, he acted all defiant when he brought you home initially. He really fooled us all…”
... 
Tang Zhou was silenced by Ye Junqing’s hand over his mouth.
Grabbing Tang Zhou by the collar, Ye Junqing dragged him out of the room, all the way down to the ground floor, and then outside to the spa, throwing him out like trash. Standing over him, his cold and imposing presence bore down on Tang Zhou, “Keep your mouth shut. If anyone outside finds out your sister-in-law is a mermaid, you’ll be the first one I won’t let off!”
“Qing, Ye Xingguang is a national treasure! Why can’t we show off that we have a national treasure in our home?”noveldrama
“Even if she is a national treasure, she is my treasure. If you dare spread the word, I’ll kick you out of the Ye’s family. I’d love to see what money you’ll use to sponsor Leng Chenmo. Once you’re out of money, let’s see if Leng Chenmo still listens to you.” Ye Junqing issued a threatening statement.
Tang Zhou: “But just because I don’t have money, doesn’t mean my lackey won’t listen to me.”
“Go ask around outside, without money, who would bother with you? So many used to bother Leng Chenmo, but now, apart from you, his financial backer, how many people who used to flatter Leng Chenmo are left? So don’t be over-confident. Your ability to flaunt in front of Leng Chenmo is simply because money talks.”
“Oh, I see, Brother Qing, you just want to keep Ye Xingguang all to yourself, right?” Tang Zhou was exceptionally smart this evening: “Fine, I promise to keep my mouth shut, but can I tell the brothers at home?”
Tang Zhou really wanted to spill the beans in their family group right now. What to do if he couldn’t hold back his eager hands?
Ye Junqing didn’t reply to Tang Zhou. Seeing Leng Chenmo, dressed in a black pajama, emerging from the shadows, he didn’t wait for Leng Chenmo to approach before throwing out: “Take your man away, and if you dump him out again in the middle of the night, don’t blame me for not being polite.”
After speaking, Ye Junqing turned around and walked into the spa, slamming the door shut with a bang, not forgetting to lock it behind him.
Leng Chenmo came over unhurriedly, looking at Tang Zhou, whose clothes were all disheveled, even his buttons were mismatched, “What happened?”
“Mmm mmm mmm mmm…” Tang Zhou bit his lip tightly, pointing to his mouth, a look of ‘I have a huge secret I want to tell you, but I can’t tell’ on his face. He was simply not a man who could keep secrets. How could he resist, it was so hard!
Even when watching TV dramas, he liked to spoil the story in advance. He was going to explode…
###Chapter 651: Chapter 651: Sharing Happiness is Better Than Enjoying It Alone!_1 
On the second floor, Ye Xingguang had already gotten out of the water. She sat on a tatami mat wrapped in a bathrobe, drying her wet hair with a towel. 
Ye Junqin walked over, reached out, and grabbed the dry towel from her hand. He wanted to continue swimming with her in the swimming pool, but Ye Xingguang was having none of it. She said, “I don’t want to swim anymore. Look at the time, I’m exhausted. I’m going to sleep.” 
Ye Junqin was frustrated. His plans were all ruined due to Tang Zhou, the big light bulb. However, Ye Junqin pinned her down on the tatami mat. His tall figure pressed down onto hers. If they didn’t swim, he could concentrate on ‘eating fish’. 
Ye Xingguang pushed him away: “Stop messing around.” 
Ye Junqin directly pinned both her hands over her head. He wanted ‘to eat fish’ tonight. 
Tang Zhou was taken back to the villa by Leng Chenmo, only to realize he had left his phone at the swimming pool. He snatched Leng Chenmo’s phone and called Fu Zhuo, who had run away from town due to a scandal, asking about Xia Qiongqiong, the other daughter of the Xia family. 
... 
Fu Zhuo tried to give Tang Zhou all the information he knew: “I only have a vague idea. I know that the Xia family has another daughter named Xia Qiongqiong. She disappeared at sea sixteen years ago. At that time Xia Ye Zhao had asked Master Qing to use the Ye family’s maritime power to help find her, but they found nothing. However, it seems Xia Qiongqiong was saved by Ye Xingguang’s parents but they did not live for long. Recently, hasn’t Ye Xingguang been selling Xia Qiongqiong’s songs to Master Gu? I have been working hard to find the inside story and have heard that Xia Qiongqiong was too ugly for the Xia family.” 
“What? Too ugly? Are the people of the Xia family blind? She’s clearly a hundred times prettier than Xia Yanyan!” 
Thinking of Ye Xingguang’s beautiful fishtail, Tang Zhou was upset and denied it. 
From the other end of the phone, Fu Zhuo said: “Why are you so agitated? Could it be…you have seen her?” 
“No…how could I have seen her, definitely have not…wailing, my dear brother, it’s so hard for me. I don’t wanna talk anymore. If we keep talking, I’m gonna reveal more secrets that you don’t know.” 
He suddenly understood why there was no reaction from his brother when Xia Ye Zhao and Ye Xingguang’s scandal broke out! 
He suddenly understood why his brother was able to tolerate Xia Ye Zhao taking care of Ye Xingguang day and night when she had food poisoning! 
So, Xia Ye Zhao was his brother’s uncle? Good heavens! 
After hanging up the phone, Tang Zhou, still restless, lay on the sofa in his living room, idly calling the manager on duty of Junxing Weibo. As he issued orders, he decided everyone should suffer as he did. He wanted to spill the beans. 
“About tonight’s hot searches that I asked you to cancel, just leave them be. Let netizens have their freedom of speech. If they want to comment then let them do so. After all, my brother Junqin likes mermaids and if he wants to spend time and energy on a mermaid-themed amusement park, can’t netizens talk about it? Right, just let it go; we don’t need to interfere!” 
“There’s something else. I’ve heard that a big V account exposed that the Xia family has a younger daughter, Xia Qiongqiong, who happens to be a mysterious songwriter in the music industry. You could stir up this news. I feel it’s extremely juicy. It’s a pity if such a juicy topic doesn’t become a hot search, yeah, you get it.” 
Great joy comes from shared happiness! 
Imagining the netizens intrigued yet unsatisfied by the hot searches gave him a sense of balance. noveldrama
However, seeing Leng Chenmo going to sleep in the storage room, Tang Zhou abruptly felt a pang of guilt. What a ruthless person he was, making someone like Leng Chenmo, capable of toppling his entire family, sleep in his storage room!
###Chapter 652: Chapter 652: Congratulations, You Have Successfully Caught My Attention_1 
Tang Zhou, under the guise of returning a cell phone, walked guiltily into the storage room, only to find Leng Chenmo making his bed, or rather, arranging the set of sofas he’d been ‘forced’ to sleep on. 
“Hey, doesn’t this bother you? Sleeping on a sofa every night, if I were in your shoes, I would have stormed off long ago,” Tang Zhou tried to hide the remorse in his heart and his voice was void of guilt. 
Leng Chenmo, having finished setting up his ‘bed’, turned around and met Tang Zhou’s sheepish gaze. He said nothing, only flashed Tang Zhou a knowing smile. 
Made uncomfortable by Leng Chenmo’s grin, Tang Zhou blurted, “What are you smirking at?” 
“Aw, girl, feeling sorry for me?” Leng Chenmo nonchalantly lounged on the sofa, arms stretched out casually over the back, legs crossed at ease. The mere gesture radiated an aura so potent that it made Tang Zhou feel as if he was under the spell of a siren. This was what he referred to as the boss’s sit! 
However, on hearing the word ‘girl’, Tang Zhou’s face darkened, “Ha, me feeling sorry for you? Stop daydreaming. Here, take your phone back. I am off to bed. You may continue to wallow in your pitiable situation.” 
... 
But on reaching the storage room door, not once did he hear any attempt from Leng Chenmo to stop him or negotiate a room change. Feeling a prick of conscience, Tang Zhou looked back at Leng Chenmo and offered self-justification, “I’m not doing this because of a guilty conscience, I’m just thanking you for the care you showered on me at the hospital. There’s a spacious room next to mine, it’s yours from now on.” 
“I thought you were offering me your room,” Leng Chenmo replied with the same playful smirk. 
“In your dreams!” Saying so, Tang Zhou stormed off into his own room. 
Though, as he strained his ears to catch any movement from the living room, it was eerily silent. 
Impatient, Tang Zhou rushed from his bed and burst into the storage room only to find Leng Chenmo still lounging on the same old sofa, making no move to change rooms. “Hey, are you going to move or not?” Tang Zhou demanded from the doorway. 
“It’s quite nice here. Someone might even pity me,” came the indifferent reply. 
Tang Zhou rolled up his sleeves, “If you refuse to move then leave my house. Are my words just wind to you? What use are you to me?” noveldrama
The only reply he got was Chenmo’s chuckling. 
“God, would you die if you stopped smiling? I never pegged you as the laughing kind before,” retorted Tang Zhou. 
“What was I like before?” Leng Chenmo asked curiously. 
Tang Zhou reflected on the question briefly, “You were unbearable, totally caught up in your idol persona, putting on airs. I remember once, when I threw firecrackers under your car, your bodyguards were all so scared they started patrolling around with their guns, only you sat in the car unfazed, almost meditative. It was such a letdown. I was watching through binoculars, and you didn’t even blink.” 
“You threw firecrackers under my car?” Leng Chenmo couldn’t recall such an incident. 
Tang Zhou immediately clamped his mouth shut, realizing he had incriminated himself unnecessarily. He coughed lightly, attempting to divert Leng Chenmo’s attention. 
However, Leng Chenmo wasn’t willing to change the subject, but instead pursued further, “Why did you throw firecrackers under my car? To get my attention?” 
Before Tang Zhou could respond, Leng Chenmo rose from the sofa, slipped on his shoes, and started walking towards him, stating, “Congratulations, you successfully got my attention.”
###Chapter 653: Chapter 653 Suddenly Want to Date_1 
The smile on his face was serene and composed, provoking in an inexplicable way. Tang Zhou enjoyed watching TV, reading novels, and perusing comics, while others preferred cultivation stories, his interest lay in domineering CEO narratives. Right now, he felt, this overused line from a domineering CEO novel coming from Leng Chenmo was quite stirring. 
Meanwhile, the tsundere Tang Zhou immediately responded: “Fuck off, I’m going to bed. There’s the room next door, sleep if you want.” 
After saying this, Tang Zhou beat a hasty retreat to his bedroom, audibly bolting the door behind him. 
Laying in his bed, Tang Zhou picked up the landline phone in his room, called Tang Xiao, and the first words out of his mouth were: “Bro, what do you think about me getting a surgery?” 
“What surgery?” Tang Xiao, who also lived in the Ye’s Family estate, it was a massive place, scattered with many villas. Everyone in the Ye’s Family practically had their own villa, although it was a bit of a distance from Tang Zhou’s villa. 
“The surgery you’ve been persuading me to do.” Tang Zhou scratched his head. 
... 
Tang Xiao was somewhat taken aback: “Why do you suddenly want the surgery? If you decide to go for it, I’ll arrange it for you.” 
Tang Zhou sprawled on his bed: “I suddenly want to be in a relationship.” 
But who would want to be involved with someone like him? Leng Chenmo always referred to him as a girl, and he knew he was a girl. But compared to other girls, he was different. Did Leng Chenmo assume he was cross-dressing? 
And moreover…. 
Looking down at himself, Tang Zhou thought, such a flat-chested princess! 
It was so annoying! Surely, Leng Chenmo must be desperate enough to accept even him. 
As his brother had said, money is king. Otherwise, he would have long been reduced to a laughing stock. After revealing that he was a girl, apart from Leng Weixuan who dared to harm him, who would dare to laugh at him? Was he not still being pampered wherever he went? 
Alas…What if, one day, Leng Chenmo rises again and turns his back on him? 
Tang Zhou’s thoughts wandered aimlessly for a while, and finally fell asleep. He dreamt about Leng Chenmo recovering after several months, taking over the struggling Leng’s Family, leading it to prosperity again. When he wanted to see him, he had to make an appointment with his secretary. Waking up in the early morning, Tang Zhou didn’t feel relieved even after violently kicking the door of the adjacent room. noveldrama
Leng Chenmo wasn’t in the room, but in the kitchen. Hearing the door being kicked, he came out of the kitchen, raised an eyebrow and asked: “Why are you so angry this early? Did I offend you?” 
Tang Zhou retorted frivolously: “I dreamt that five months from now, you’ll rise from the ashes, becoming prosperous again. And if I want to see you, your secretary says I have to make an appointment. And the appointment will be a month later. Tell me, did you provoke me or not?” 
Leng Chenmo paused, then smiled and said: “Rest assured, whether or not I rise again, you will never have to make an appointment to see me.” 
“You talk a good game. But who knows if you won’t acknowledge me in the future or settle the score with me?” 
Tang Zhou was unhappy now. He walked to the dining table, pulled out a chair, sat down, and waited for breakfast. 
Leng Chenmo, having finished frying the bacon and eggs, brought them to the dining room. He had one for himself and one for Tang Zhou. After sitting down, he said, “Having such little self-confidence is not like you, Tang Zhou.” 
Tang Zhou looked at the plate and saw that the fried egg was heart-shaped, lovingly made by Leng Chenmo. 
Tang Zhou: “….”
###Chapter 654: Chapter 654 Home Visit from Civil Affairs Bureau_1 
Tang Zhou, his anger somewhat dissipated, coughed exaggeratedly in a feigned dignified manner, “What about my hot milk? I always drink a cup of hot milk in the morning. Haven’t you warmed it up for me?” 
Leng Chenmo said, “You’ll be taking medicine later. You’re fair enough already. Drinking a few less glasses of milk won’t affect your attractiveness.” 
Empirically, it’s best not to drink milk before and after taking medicine, as it could affect its efficacy. Leng Chenmo, being more considerate and thoughtful than Tang Zhou, knew this too well. 
“Oh.” Tang Zhou immediately grew quiet. As he lifted the knife and fork towards the fried eggs, he couldn’t bring himself to cut into them, how could he ruin such a perfect shape? It seemed too cruel. 
He’d better stick to his bacon. 
Tang Zhou took a bite of the bacon. His follower’s cooking skills were improving by the day. He wondered, if things keep going like this, would his follower become a self-made culinary tycoon? 
... 
Tang Zhou couldn’t help but speculate until a servant walked in to report something. He changed his posture to a more formal one and asked, “What did you say? My brother ascended to the presidency yesterday, and a home visit by an uncouth civil affairs worker is already scheduled for today?” 
The servant said, “The civil affairs workers are at the door.” 
Leng Chenmo responded with a cold voice, “Let them in.” 
The servant nodded and left, quickly letting in two civil affairs workers. Upon seeing the two men eating, the civil affairs workers politely greeted them with an overly sycophantic tone. 
“Ms. Tang, Mr. Leng, we’re just here for a routine visit.” 
Tang Zhou clenched his fists: Who’s calling me Miss Tang? Your whole family is Miss Tang! 
Leng Chenmo, on the other hand, chuckled, not minding the home visit from the civil affairs workers. 
The civil affairs workers, seeing the lovely heart-shaped fried eggs on the plates, asked in surprise, “Miss Tang, quite the artistic touch, even your fried eggs are special.” 
Tang Zhou clenched his fists, glaring at the civil affairs worker, “Who said I made them?” 
The butler ushered in with two cups of tea, adding tactfully, “Mr. Leng made the eggs. Knowing about our young master’s appetite, he learned to cook. Our young master was hospitalized a while back and Mr. Leng personally made all the pork ribs soup.” noveldrama
The workers found it hard to believe. Was this gentlemanly figure, who seemed far removed from the kitchen, truly the same Mr. Leng the butler spoke of? 
Back to serious matters, the worker took out a pamphlet from a folder, placed it on the table, and said, “Miss Tang, Mr. Leng, to address our aging population and taking into account improving living conditions, more and more women don’t want childbirth to hinder their careers. Our medical team has developed an artificial womb, which is about to go into clinical use. If you consider this, you could apply to be early adopters.” 
Tang Zhou was stunned. Has medical technology advance to this extent? 
Tang Zhou took the pamphlet and it read: ‘Extracorporeal gestation is about to be realized. The recently developed incubator has all the necessary conditions to grow a fetus. The incubator is filled with amniotic-fluid-like liquid, has its own blood circulation system, and the umbilical cord of the fetus would be connected to the artificial placenta to receive oxygen and nutrients.’ 
‘The research team installed various sensors in the incubator to mimic the mother’s body temperature and heartbeat, making it possible to realize extracorporeal gestation and becoming the best tool to liberate women and increase the population. If you’re afraid that childbirth will affect your figure, please apply to be the first batch of pioneers.’ 
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. I’ll continue tomorrow. Please vote and recommend. Thank you.]
###Chapter 655: Chapter 655: Really Want to Have a Child_1 
The staff member, Chun Chun, tries to coax her, “If Miss Tang is interested, you can apply now. All you need to do is fill out this application form and the government will take care of the birth process.” 
“Who said I was interested?” Tang Zhou immediately placed the brochure mercilessly on the table and pushed it disdainfully toward Leng Chenmo. 
Leng Chenmo, on the other hand, seemed very interested and told the Civil Affairs Bureau’s staff, “We’ll discuss it later.” 
“We’ll leave the form with you for now. If you become interested later, you can send the completed form to the Civil Affairs Bureau. Not only does the government cover the cost of childbirth, but under the new policies, there is a reward of a hundred thousand for each child born. Although money isn’t a problem for you two, we hope you can contribute to increasing the national population. Now, we’ll leave you to your meals.” 
The staff was super polite, as if the purpose of their visit wasn’t a household visit but a childbirth encouragement. 
After the two staff members left, Leng Chenmo carried on looking at the brochure, prompting Tang Zhou to sneer, “What, are you interested?” 
... 
“I am getting older, and indeed want children. All my friends have children already, more than one.” Leng Chenmo replied, eating and reading. 
Tang Zhou responded, “You are only twenty-nine years old, right? If you’re old, what about those over thirty?” 
Leng Chenmo raised his eyes, glanced at him, and smiled, “I love my country too. Fancy a try?” 
“Try your sister! If you want to try, do it yourself. I’m not interested.” 
Tang Zhou displayed his total disinterest, and after finishing breakfast, mooched off. Loving to wander around, he went straight to Ye Junqing’s villa, where Ye Junqing, too, was receiving a household visit from the Civil Affairs Bureau and was similarly given brochures and application forms. 
When the Civil Affairs Bureau’s staff left, Tang Zhou immediately picked up the form on the table, “Brother Qing, do you need this form? If not, I’ll take it and promote it on Weibo. The aging population of our country is so serious, we must do more promotion!” 
“Who said I didn’t need it? Put it down.” Not needing Xiaoyuwei to give birth herself, not needing Xiaoyuwei to bear the ten months of pregnancy, Ye Junqing was more than just interested, he even wanted to sign up. 
“Then, let me take it to make a copy. The Civil Affairs Bureau is so unreasonable, giving forms only to you and none to me! By the way, where’s my first love, Sister-in-law Xiaoyu?” 
“Take out the first few words before ‘xiaosao’. Her first love was not you, and your first love was not her.” noveldrama
Ye Junqing glanced at him coldly and threw out another remark, “Who gets up so early?” 
That made him seem so useless! 
As soon as his voice fell, a girl thundered downstairs, carrying her bag and shouting, “Ah…why didn’t anyone wake me up, I’m going to be late for work.” 
Today was the first day for the President’s public relations team to move into the presidential suite. She couldn’t be late, she had never been to the presidential suite before, and she felt that it was quite prestigious. Ye Xingguang looked at the time, as there was not even enough time to eat, so she rushed out. 
Ye Junqing frowned, “Come and eat breakfast, I’ll take you.” 
“No time, no time. I start work at half past eight, I don’t know if there’ll be a traffic jam on the way.” 
“Little Starlight, I’ll take you. With my driving skills, even if there’s a traffic jam, I can get you there on time.” Tang Zhou was very enthusiastic, having the opportunity to give the beauty a lift to work was a blessing he had accumulated from his ancestors, it was the good fortune of his past life, he would not refuse. 
Just as Tang Zhou was about to rise, a large palm pushed him back to his seat. Ye Junqing threw the form at him, “Go make a copy.” 
When it came to his woman, when was it the other person’s turn to give her a lift?
###Chapter 656: Chapter 656: About the Second Uncle_1 
Ye Junqing had the housekeeper prepare breakfast to be taken in the car and then personally drove her to work. 
Once in the car, he opened the small table, positioned the breakfast on it, and suggested she start eating. Meanwhile, he checked his email on his phone. Fu Zhuo didn’t dare to come back. Recently, a secretary around her forties, who was particularly steady and efficient, had been accompanying Ye Junqing. 
In the car, the secretary listed the day’s work schedule to Ye Junqing. While eating her breakfast, she overheard the conversation. After listening, she couldn’t resist commenting, “You seem very busy today; your schedule is packed from morning till evening.” 
After replying to his email, Ye Junqing looked up and saw the concern in her eyes. For a while, he couldn’t bear to look away. After holding eye contact for three seconds, she shyly looked away and continued to eat her breakfast. 
“Eat slowly, you wouldn’t want to burn yourself.” 
Ye Junqing’s warning came true as she did burn herself. She gasped as the sensation struck her and muttered under her breath, “You’re such a jinx.” 
... 
“Come here, let me blow on it for you.” 
Before she could react, she was pulled towards him. He bent down and gently blew air onto her mouth. Her face turned inexplicably red, and she pushed him away, “What are you doing? You’re taking advantage of me just because I got burnt.” 
Ye Junqing laughed softly watching her gasp in irritation, it made him feel unexpectedly good. He told her, “Let’s have dinner together tonight.” 
“Don’t you have a dinner party tonight?” His secretary had just updated him on his work schedule, which included a dinner appointment with the head of a certain corporation. 
Ye Junqing replied succinctly, “Tell Wang, to cancel tonight’s meal and book a candlelight dinner.” noveldrama
“No, you should go to your dinner party. I am going to the hospital to have dinner with my parents. Also, the doctor says my father can be discharged from the hospital and continue to recuperate at home. There’s no need to stay in the hospital any longer. Can I have my parents staying at the mansion? And I want to employ a private doctor to take care of my father. Doctor Fu recommended Doctor Chang to me, I’ve been in contact with her already. She agreed to be my father’s private physician. I’ve hired her for six months. Although my father has undergone surgery, it’s going to take at least six months to a year for a full recovery.” 
“Let me know when he is going to be discharged. I will have Xiao Yun pick him up. No, I will pick him up personally. Call me when he’s discharged, I will make the housekeeper prepare a room on the first floor. Climbing the stairs to the upper floor won’t be suitable for our father.” 
While eating her breakfast, she shook her head, “No need, my father suggested me to focus on my work and not request leave. He said he and your uncle are old friends. Your uncle originally wanted my father to stay at his house, but I didn’t think it was appropriate. It seems disrespectful for a daughter to send her father to someone else’s house when she is in the same city. So your uncle decided to pick my parents from the hospital himself and took them to our mansion.” 
Thinking about his uncle, Ye Junqing felt a bit irritated. His uncle treats his father-in-law better than his own nephew! 
“Do our father and your uncle often interact? Why have I never heard you mention this before?” 
She took a sip of her milk and replied, “Your uncle used to often come to the island to go fishing with my father. But I didn’t know he was your uncle, he never told me his name, he always asked me to call him ‘Uncle’. When I was in university, he often brought me fruits and food. Once when I ran into some trouble and called my parents, they were extremely worried. But your uncle was who came to the school and solved the issue for me.” 
[An Yi: The rest of the day will be spent writing, asking for monthly votes, seeking recommendation tickets]
###Chapter 657: Chapter 657: You’re too happy, aren’t you?_1 
Is that so? How come in his past memories, when the whole family was against him marrying the mermaid, he didn’t remember his Second Uncle stepping forward to support him? 
If truly regarded her as the daughter of a good friend, logically he would have certainly cherished her. So why didn’t Second Uncle play the role he was supposed to in his past memories? 
Ye Junqing propped his chin with one hand, sinking into contemplation. 
After Ye Xingguang was full from eating and drinking, she wiped her mouth. When their motorcade stopped at the entrance to the Presidential Palace, she unbuckled her seat belt, waving at him, “I’m going down.” 
She was just about to open the door when Ye Junqing, who’d been deep in thought the entire way, suddenly grabbed her wrist. She looked up, surprised. Ye Junqing pointed at his face. It took her a moment to understand. 
“Say goodbye, won’t you?” Ye Junqing expressed dissatisfaction with her slow reaction. 
... 
Unable to help it, Ye Xingguang lifted a corner of her lips into a grin. She didn’t make a move, but instead closed her eyes, waiting… 
Seeing her reaction, Ye Junqing just leaned in, his large palm cradling the back her head, and then, sealing her pink lips with a passionate kiss. Ye Xingguang blushed, her mind flitting back to the intimate moments between them the night before at the swimming pool. 
“Get off, and work well.” Ye Junqing seemed satisfied after, letting go of her hand. He looked at her smeared lipstick, silently chuckled to himself without reminding her to adjust her makeup. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t realize it herself, and after she got off, she anxiously scurried into the office building of the President Palace. 
The President’s office building was imposing and majestic, exuding a serious atmosphere. She took out her phone and snapped a selfie, “New work environment, let’s do this!” 
At the elevator doors, she noticed several girls standing nearby looking at her and trying to suppress their giggles. She only realized why once she entered the new office on the fifth floor, and a colleague had pointed out the smudged makeup on her lips. She was utterly mortified. 
Ah, Ye Junqing, that jerk, smudging her lipstick and not even reminding her to wipe her mouth, too evil! 
After fixing her lipstick in the washroom, she returned to her desk, pulled out her phone and sent Ye Junqing a bloody knife emoji on WeChat. As soon as she finished, one of her female coworkers came over, curious to see the diamond ring on her finger. 
“Xingguang, your diamond ring is really beautiful. I saw the news online, Mr. Ye proposed to you at the inauguration banquet last night, how fortunate! It’s a pity I wasn’t qualified to attend.” 
“It looks good, does it? I think dark blue is better than black,” Ye Xingguang responded with false modesty, her heart filled with sweetness, hoping someone would disagree with her statement. 
“Black is rarer and more valuable, the high society prefers black, don’t be ungrateful. Besides, that diamond is a Love Diamond, implying that you are Mr. Ye’s beloved. As for the alleged confession hidden in the Mermaid Theme Park circulating online, it’s all in the past, we should look forward.” 
“Exactly, others might not know, but we do. When Mr. President was running for election, Xia Yanyan caused a scene insisting that Mr. Ye marry her. Mr. Ye would rather go to jail than agree. So, there’s no need to entertain those online speculations.” noveldrama
“I heard that the Xia family has another daughter who is also a mermaid, the girl who composed the song for Ling Han’s new album, named Xia Qiongqiong. Do you know about this?”
###Chapter 658: Chapter 658: Going to Interview at the Xia’s Family_1 
“I saw the news online. I also saw someone online leaking insider information, saying Xia Yanyan had been diagnosed with chronic granulocytic leukemia years ago. Xia’s family, in their bid to cure Xia Yanyan, participated in the mermaid transformation project and birthed another daughter, Xia Qiongqiong. However, the girl turned out to be an incredibly ugly mermaid, so the Xias didn’t announce her existence to the public.” 
“Really? Where did you get this information? Where is Xia Qiongqiong now?” 
A female coworker opened Weibo and showed them a post she’d been following: “Look, they say that Xia Qiongqiong was frail and sickly from a young age and died when she was little, hence why Xia’s family didn’t announce her existence. But Qiongqiong was truly noble, despite her weak and sickly state, she insisted on donating her marrow to her elder sister. There’s a video here about it. Let me play it for you.” 
The coworker started a video on Weibo. It was clearly shot in the Xia’s swimming pool: 
In the video, a little red mermaid and a little grey mermaid could be seen. The grey mermaid facing the camera, her eyes sincere, her young voice tender: “I want to save my sister. I’m not scared of the pain. Let me save my sister.” 
Hearing her own voice from when she was just a child, Ye Xingguang’s blood rushed to her head. She took the coworker’s phone to watch the video, her fingers taut with anger. Who owned her childhood videos and who posted her childhood photos online? 
... 
In the background, the coworkers were having a discussion: 
“Ah, the grey mermaid is really ugly, but she’s so kind-hearted. She voluntarily offered to donate her marrow to her sister…” noveldrama
“Thankfully, the little mermaid donated her marrow to Xia Yanyan. Otherwise, if Yanyan had died from leukemia, it would have been a huge loss to our country. Let’s hit like for the little mermaid.” 
“Back then, during the mermaid transformation project, many of the baby mermaids were the sacrificial lambs. So many couples participated in the project and gave birth to numerous mermaid babies, most of which died in infancy or early childhood. Xia Qiongqiong was one of them. Poor little mermaid. But at least her life wasn’t in vain, she managed to save Xia Yanyan, the true gem of our country.” 
“Oh look, the media is live streaming. They’re going to interview the Xias about this incident…” 
By now, many media outlets had swarmed into the Xia residence, to report on this matter. 
Xia Yanyan was sitting in the living room, crying pitifully under the media’s cameras, gripping a teddy bear in her hand: “Yes, I did have a little sister. She was frail since birth. We were reluctant to have her donate marrow to me, but she loved me so much that she always insisted on doing so. If it wasn’t for my sister, I wouldn’t be alive today. This is the teddy bear my sister loved the most when she was little. All these years, whenever I missed her, I would hug this teddy bear to cope with my longing for her.” 
Wang Zimei was crying even harder. The cameras captured her tear-streaked face. “My poor daughter has been gone for so many years now. Yet now, she’s being discussed and scrutinized. Please, respect our feelings as parents. Show some decency. My little daughter’s death is my greatest sorrow, please, I beg you don’t reopen my wound…” 
Xia Wealth sat silently by their side. The grief of an old father plain on his face. His hands were folded over his face, he was too grieved to utter a word. The pain and sorrow felt by the family of three was touching.
###Chapter 659: Chapter 659 A white covers three uglies, a black ruins everything_1 
Seeing the live interview by the reporter, Ye Xingguang was furious, so furious that her lungs were about to explode. Yet her colleagues were all moved by the superb performances of that family of three. One by one, they criticized the media for going to the Xia’s Family to rip open their wounds, deeming it utterly inhumane. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t know how to contain herself so she didn’t dash out of work to the Xia’s Family to slap them hard across their faces. 
“Xingguang, the President wants you to come over.” At this time, the Chief of Staff, Tang Xiao, called her on the office phone. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang took a deep breath, and another deep breath, suppressing the surging rage pulsating through her veins, and left her office, taking the elevator upstairs. 
The President’s office was on the top floor, and right out of the elevator, there were strict security personnel who were to perform a security check on her. 
At this time, Tang Xiao came over, gesturing a sign, implying she was exempted from the check. Since it was at the workplace, Ye Xingguang bowed slightly towards Tang Xiao and greeted him respectfully, “Chief of Staff Tang.” 
... 
Tang Xiao smiled, leading the way in front and brought her to the President’s office. After opening the door for her, he stood at the entrance and said, “Go in, the President is waiting for you inside.” 
“Hmm.” 
She walked in, and Ye Shiting was on the phone. Seeing her coming in, he gestured her to sit, then continued with his call. Two minutes passed and he had finished his call. Looking at her standing in front of the office desk, Ye Shiting repeated, “Why are you standing, lil’ sis, sit.” 
He poured her a glass of water and placed it in front of her. 
Ye Xingguang expressed her thanks then got down to business confidently, “Mr. President, you called me?” 
“Hmm, I watched the interview by the Xia’s Family, and so I wanted to ask you about Xia Qiongqiong.” 
Ye Shiting looked at her with a scrutinizing gaze, “I remember you once told me that you also belonged to the mermaid species. So, are you Xia Qiongqiong, the other daughter of the Xia’s Family?” 
Just as Ye Xingguang was about to speak, Ye Shiting added, “I want the truth.” 
When he finished, he picked up his teacup and took a light sip, “I just got off the phone with my younger brother. He was full of lies, I didn’t believe a word.” 
What had the malignant tumor said? 
Ye Xingguang held the glass and took a sip of tea. Remembering the words the couple and Xia Yanyan said during the interview, her anger hadn’t subsided yet. What she couldn’t bear most wasn’t their posturing in front of the media, but their deliberate reveal of her fishtail and contrasting it against Xia Yanyan’s, manipulating people to have a psychological preference over the other. 
Not only was her fishtail dull when she was young, but even the upper half of her body including her face was dull. It’s said that a fair complexion can cover a lot of flaws, while a dark complexion shatters all. She’d forgotten what she looked like as an ugly duckling when she was young. But that video was now leaked, irritating her! 
She absolutely did not want to let people know what she looked like when she was little. She admitted that looking at her past self, she felt a little inferior. 
No girl doesn’t love to look beautiful, and she’s no different. 
After some thought, Ye Xingguang nodded, “Big brother, I am indeed the other daughter of the Xia’s Family.” 
Ye Shiting put back his teacup on the table, “As I suspected, tell me the whole story.” 
Ye Xingguang gave a bitter smile, “There’s not much to say, you probably have seen the video of me as a child. Dark as pitch, the moment I was born I was shunned by my family, disliked. In my parents’ eyes, I am the stain of Xia’s Family. My only mission was to donate marrow to Xia Yanyan to ensure her health. It’s said that donating marrow is harmless, but I wasn’t as lucky as most donors. After the donation, my health began to decline, my resistance weakened and I would always catch cold and fever, eventually slipping to a terrible state of health, and then the Xia family released me into the sea …”
###Chapter 660: Chapter 660 If You Change Your Mind, Tell Me Anytime_1 noveldrama
“I lived in the sea for six years. At the age of twelve, my foster father found me in the ocean and adopted me, and that’s how I became who I am today,” Ye Xingguang glossed over her experiences from six to twelve years old, succinctly. 
“Hmm,” Ye Shiting hummed and pondered briefly, “Then, what’s with my second brother’s disease?” 
Ye Shiting had been searching for a cure to Ye Junqing’s bloodsucking disease but had never found the root cause. Now he understood; his second brother’s disease was likely related to the incident of saving her ten years ago. But the younger brother didn’t want to talk about it in detail. 
Ye Xingguang felt a pang of pain and shook her head, “I don’t know either. When I was twelve, I was being chased at sea, and I ran into him being attacked by a group of sharks. I saved him and because he was grateful, he helped me to escape. Later, he hid me and lead the pursuers away himself. That’s the last I saw of him until the civil affairs office rolled his case to me.” 
Ye Shiting scrutinized her for a while before Ye Xingguang divulged some more, “His sickness may be related to severe injuries from diverting the pursuers away from me. A while ago, the doctor diagnosed my father with a terminal illness. He was told that medical treatment was no longer effective. But he survived. After returning from death’s door, he too was afflicted with a disease requiring him to consume blood. My dad said that it was Junqing who saved him, so… Perhaps he contracted the disease in order to survive back then. That’s all I know.” 
Ye Shiting didn’t question further. He simply said: “I understand. Since you’re a mermaid, you’re a national treasure. I’ll arrange for the relevant departments to announce your identity soon.” 
... 
“No need,” Ye Xingguang shook her head in refusal, “I don’t want to be a national treasure.” 
“Hmm?” 
“I think my life is great as it is, whether I’m a national treasure or not. I frankly don’t care. I also don’t want to be like Xia Yanyan, showcased like a rare animal at every national event. Even thinking about it is unbearable. To put it bluntly, I’m not a singer, let alone a tail-seller. Only Xia Yanyan would enjoy flaunting her fish tail in the water.” 
Ye Shiting said, “As a national treasure, you would be entitled to many state-level benefits.” 
“I’m not interested. However, can I, as a member of the President’s press office, write articles criticizing the Xia family? Seeing their nostalgic faces during news interviews… I can’t take it! No one has more right to speak about this than me.” 
“You write it. You have this right,” Ye Shiting said, expressing his regret about her reluctance to reveal her identity, but he chose to respect her decision, adding, “If you change your mind, let me know anytime.” 
“Yes, thank you, big brother.” 
Ye Shiting had other matters to attend to. “You may proceed with your work now.” 
Ye Xingguang excused herself, leaving the President’s office and went back to the President’s Press Office. She immediately began typing on her keyboard, releasing the results of the investigation regarding the Xia Qiongqiong case on the official website of the President’s Press Office. 
The President’s Press Office news release: 
[After investigation, we now announce to the nation another national treasure, Xia Qiongqiong’s Notice: 
Xia Qiongqiong was born in good health. After donating bone marrow to Xia Yanyan, she suffered severe adverse reactions. The Xia family concealed Xia Qiongqiong’s physical condition, neglected treatment, leading to the deterioration of Xia Qiongqiong’s condition. On November 25th, xxxx, at around 3 in the afternoon, the critically ill Xia Qiongqiong was thrown into the sea, abandoning her treatment.]
###Chapter 661: Chapter 661 Ahhh, Brother Qing really has quiet good luck!_1 
“Wow! What’s going on? I just saw in the live broadcast that Xia’s Family said Xia Qiongqiong has been sick and weak since birth. But then the President’s press office announced that Xia Qiongqiong was born healthy and only started to get sick after she donated her bone marrow?” 
“This is confusing, I just saw Xia Yanyan’s mom in the live asking people not to rub salt in the wounds, but then the President’s press office is announcing that Xia’s Family is treating her lazily, leading to a worsening of Xia Qiongqiong’s condition?” 
“Xia’s Family actually just threw the mortally ill Xia Qiongqiong into the sea and gave up treating her, is this not killing a national treasure? Oh my god, @NationalTreasureCommittee, I report a murder of a national treasure!” 
“That mermaid is so ugly. Does she count as a national treasure?” 
“The person above, I’m not that good-looking either. If I fall ill, does that mean my parents can treat me lazily, or even give up on treating me? Moreover, the announcement says she fell ill due to a severe adverse reaction after donating bone marrow. But what did Xia’s Family say? This is terrifying…” 
“Xia Yanyan is still the prettiest. Xia Qiongqiong voluntarily saved her sister, their sisterly bond is deep. We should probably refrain from random remarks. Our national treasure is kind-hearted, she wouldn’t just neglect her sister, especially not the sister who saved her life. Even if they did give up treating her, it’s her parents’ responsibility. Please don’t sway the topic. Long live the national treasure!” 
... 
“…” 
There were mixed comments on the Internet. After scrolling through for a bit, Ye Xingguang found it uninteresting and stopped reading. Instead, she sent a WeChat message to Tang Zhou: [Can you help me delete all the videos about Xia Quiongqiong’s childhood on Weibo? I don’t want the videos to circulate.] 
Tang Zhou quickly replied: [Little Starlight, how did you look like that when you were young?] 
Tang Zhou sent a second message the next day: [Big Brother Qing has already called me to delete the videos. Don’t worry, we will clear them up quickly. Little Starlight, you really have changed since you’ve grown up. Don’t feel inferior, you now are a thousand times more beautiful than Xia Yanyan. Why don’t you send me a photo, I definitely want the netizens to know how lucky my Brother Qing is!] 
Ye Xingguang: [Not interested.] 
Tang Zhou: [Little Starlight, don’t be like that. Ahhh, I’m so desperate right now, I want to declare to the world that you are Xia Qiongqiong and that you’ve turned from an ugly duckling into a beautiful swan. Won’t you reconsider?] 
Ye Xingguang: [No.] 
Tang Zhou: [That’s so cold-hearted. Why does only Brother Qing get to appreciate you so freely? Hmph, Little Starlight, let’s go swimming together sometime, okay? Just one selfie together. I promise not to spread it, just keep it for myself.] noveldrama
Ye Xingguang turned off her phone and continued her work. 
Tang Zhou wasn’t willing to give up, messaging her more than ten times, pestering her from morning till noon. He even drew a picture and sent her a photo of it. The picture depicted the scene of her and the big tumor in the pool last night. 
Unexpectedly, Tang Zhou had such good drawing skills. The picture was really beautiful. The way the Big Tumor in the picture looked at her was so full of deep affection, and even the way his palm caressed her fish tail was filled with tenderness. It was irresistible. 
Of course, she didn’t encourage Tang Zhou to continue drawing. However, two hours later, Tang Zhou sent another picture. It was probably from the first time Tang Zhou bumped into her. She dove headfirst into the water in a hurry while her fishtail traced a perfect curve in the air, causing droplets of water to splash everywhere… 
His drawing was so beautiful that Tang Zhou not becoming a comic artist was a real loss for the comic industry.
###Chapter 662: Chapter 662 Upgraded Version · Phoenix Nirvana · Xia Qiongqiong_1 
Tang Zhou discovered that no matter how many WeChat messages he sent out, he received no replies. He was disgruntled and even messaged Ye Junqing, because he was pissed off! Especially when he saw people on the internet calling Xia Qiongqiong ugly, it was just like them calling him handicapped, and he was so enraged he could not take it anymore. 
Tang Zhou was in his office. Today, he did not ask Leng Chenmo to cover his shift. However, he did not do much himself either. All he did was act like an angry youth in his office, scrolling through Weibo all day, and drawing pictures of his heart’s most beautiful little star. 
As soon as the call went through, Tang Zhou exploded, “Brother Qing, are you even a man? How can you tolerate this? Haven’t you seen what Xia’s fans are saying about Sister-in-law on the internet? They’re saying that Little Starlight is too ugly and can’t even compare to Xia Yanyan! Damn it, it’s driving me crazy! Where is Little Starlight ugly? She is clearly breathtakingly beautiful! I can’t take this anymore! I need to expose this! I must show the public just how beautiful Little Starlight really is, and if you try to stop me, then you’re not fit to be a man, just standing by while your woman is called ugly!” 
Naturally, Ye Junqing had also seen the interview video of the Xia family. The sight of them had caused him to lose all appetite for lunch. 
Of course, he also wanted to announce to the world that Xia Qiongqiong is the most beautiful treasure of the Xia family. 
However, recalling how she became upset with him when he wanted to expose her in the past, Ye Junqing had no choice but to drop the idea. 
... 
Ye Junqing said, “Your sister-in-law dislikes being in the limelight. I respect her decision.” noveldrama
“What decision? It must be because you’re too possessive, not wanting others to see how beautiful Little Starlight is. You’re just greedy, wanting to monopolize Little Starlight’s beauty. Humph, if you continue to be such a jerk, we’re done. I will become Little Starlight’s guardian angel. If you won’t protect her, I will!” Tang Zhou was full of righteous indignation. 
For the sake of his first love, he was ready to go all out! 
Ye Junqing hesitated for a moment, “I’ll send you a video. If your sister-in-law comes after you, you’re not allowed to say it was from me.” 
Tang Zhou was surprised, “What video? Brother Qing, send it over and let me see.” 
Ye Junqing hung up the phone, sent a short video of under ten seconds to Tang Zhou, and then sent a voice message on WeChat, “You’re not allowed to say it’s from me.” 
Tang Zhou opened the video to watch, and it was surveillance footage showing Sister-in-law swimming alone at her home’s mermaid swimming pool late at night. 
Ah! Tang Zhou was so excited that his blood was practically screaming. 
She was so beautiful, so gorgeous, it was breathtaking. 
However, the video was only a brief ten seconds long, and Little Starlight’s face couldn’t be seen. All he could see was her back, clothed in a white shirt, revealing her long black hair, and a mermaid tail gleaming with pearlescent light in shades of gold and blue. 
Did Brother Qing painstakingly choose the least revealing video? 
Clearly, Brother Qing was being stingy. Who goes swimming in clothes? He should at least show her back, it was so enticing. Those who don’t wear a bikini when swimming don’t deserve to swim! 
But there was no choice, having a video was better than not having one. Tang Zhou decided, he must make full use of the value of this video! 
Humph, those who dare to say Little Starlight is unfit to be a national treasure because she’s ugly, this is something I won’t tolerate! 
Half an hour later, Tang Zhou had edited the video, added lots of dreamy filters, matched it with music, and then directly posted it from his big V account: [Exclusive scoop, let me tell you about the transformation of a girl when she turns eighteen: Upgraded version· Escape from death· Phoenix Nirvana· Xia Qiongqiong] 
[An’ying: That’s it for today’s updates, more updates tomorrow, please cast your monthly votes and recommendation votes, muah]
###Chapter 663: Chapter 663 Let’s Blast Her Together! _1 
After posting, he got himself the top trending spot, an absolute privilege of a Junxing Weibo BOSS that nobody can match! 
Then, he sat in front of his computer, staring at his top trending topic, constantly refreshing the comments. When he came across comments he liked, he would use his unbeatable Junxing Weibo BOSS privilege to pin the liked comments at the top of the comment section. 
He had planned to delete any negative comments, yet half an hour of scrolling didn’t yield a single one. It turns out, netizens’ aesthetics matched his own – everyone was astonished. 
Internet user Crying Caterpillar exclaimed: Wow! Is it for real? Isn’t this the shabby mermaid Xia Qiongqiong who was said to be terminally ill and thrown into the ocean by the Xia’s Family? noveldrama
Tang Zhou replied: “This is called ‘surviving something major and good fortune will follow! The ugly duckling can turn into a beautiful swan, why can’t a drab mermaid transform into a glamorous one? Quit bickering if you don’t have the knowledge!” 
Internet user Farewell Without Goodbye said: “I knew Xia Qiongqiong didn’t die, or else who would’ve written lyrics for Ling Han’s new album? Both sisters from the Xia’s Family are equally talented, no wonder the songs in Ling Han’s new album are so pleasing to the ear. They seem to resonate on a deeper emotional level. Xia Yanyan’s songs, in my opinion, lack emotional depth, despite her excellent vocals. I must praise Ling Han’s new songs!” 
... 
Tang Zhou replied: “Please remove ‘the two sisters’ from the Xia’s Family reference. A national treasure who relies on her younger sister to survive, and a younger sister born weak who falsely pretends to be abandoned by their playacting parents, PEH!” 
Internet user Flowers051 spoke: Good Lord! Xia Qiongqiong is alive? Does our country now have two national treasures? Somehow, I feel Xia Qiongqiong is prettier than Xia Yanyan. Am I experiencing an aesthetic fatigue from Xia Yanyan? Please tell me I’m not alone?” 
Tang Zhou replied: “You’re right, you’re not alone! In terms of beauty, talent, character, how can Xia Yanyan compete with Xia Qiongqiong? I present to you: upgraded version · back from the brink · phoenix reborn · Xia Qiongqiong. Let’s all blow up her praise!” 
In the afternoon, Ye Xingguang was drafting at her office. After finishing and checking several times, she sent the draft to the News Department director. The director reviewed it again, confirmed that there were no issues and instructed her to send the notice to all major news agencies online. 
Upon receiving the instructions, Ye Xingguang sent the notice to all major news agencies. After she was done, she went into the break room to make herself some coffee. As soon as she walked in, she heard two colleagues discussing something. 
Of course, they were discussing Xia Qiongqiong. 
“What are you discussing?” Ye Xingguang walked over. 
“Xingguang, look, the Junxing Weibo BOSS posted a video of Xia Qiongqiong’s rebirth as a phoenix…” 
“Phoenix rebirth? What video?” Ye Xingguang was still somewhat bewildered. 
She leaned in for a closer look and was taken aback. What was up with this video? Where did it come from? 
After making her coffee, she left the office and stood in the hallway calling Tang Zhou. 
Tang Zhou excitedly explained over the phone: “Little Starlight? What did you say? Haha! How could I not have a backup plan? I’ve long installed security cameras in the swimming pool to find the mermaid of my dreams! The video I edited looks really cool, right? You can’t tell it’s the swimming pool at home with the added filters, but you look even more gorgeous swimming in the water. I even chose songs by Ling Han for the video. Now the netizens’ reviews are sky-high. I’m planning to tag @XiaYanyan @WangZimei @XiaWealth. I want to show them how much they’ve lost by abandoning you!”
###Chapter 664: Chapter 664: Reaction of Xia’s Family Parents _1 
Hearing the excited and enthusiastic voice of Tang Zhou, Ye Xingguang felt remorse. His lips moved and he finally managed to utter two words: “Thank you.” noveldrama
“We’re close, aren’t we? Why are you being so polite? I know, little Xingguang, you don’t want to reveal your identity, is it because you don’t want to have any more relationship with your biological parents? Don’t worry, I understand! I, Tang Zhou, am someone with a perceptive heart. I promise to ensure you won’t have any worries!” 
Ye Xingguang said: “Indeed, I do have these worries. I don’t want to have contact with those selfish people anymore, let alone being pestered by them in the future. But more than that, I really have no interest in being a national treasure.” 
“Oh, a low-key national treasure, how about we swim together in the pool someday?” Tang Zhou, with his wily mind, wouldn’t give up. 
“I need to get back to work.” 
Seeing the call cut off, Tang Zhou wasn’t satisfied. He believed in persistence. One day he could swim with little Xingguang in the pool, then he’d take a photo together, making everyone envious. Oh, just thinking about it was exciting. 
... 
Tang Zhou opened Weibo again and continued to post. This time he posted the second cartoon he drew for Ye Xingguang, and @Xia Yanyan @Wang Zimei @Xia Wealth on the post. 
At this moment, at the Xia’s Family. Xia Wealth had already seen the video posted by Tang Zhou. It was unbelievable that the beautiful national treasure in the video was his own little daughter. Their family had surprisingly raised two attention-grabbing mermaids. 
Wang Zimei was also watching the video and replaying it many times, but she still couldn’t believe it: “Honey, do you believe that the mermaid in this video is our Qiongqiong? Qiongqiong isn’t really dead? Has Qiongqiong actually grown up to be this beautiful?” 
Xia Wealth couldn’t tell whether it was true or false, but he desperately hoped that the mermaid in the video was his own daughter, otherwise, if the mermaid was someone else’s and more beautiful than his Yanyan, the status of his family in the hearts of the people would be lost! 
Thinking about the interest at stake, Xia Wealth nodded emphatically: “If it weren’t our Qiongqiong, then who could it be? It must be our Qiongqiong. Where is she? My poor child has been drifting around all these years, we must find her and bring her home!” 
Wang Zimei was of the same opinion. The presidential office has already issued a statement saying that they had harmed their young daughter. Now their family was in the midst of a massive public opinion scandal and a huge crisis, only if their younger daughter was still alive could they calm the public’s anger! 
If the beautiful mermaid in the video was Qiongqiong, then their family could survive this crisis. And this mermaid was so pretty, even more so than Yanyan. Now their family would once again attract everyone’s attention! 
The husband and wife weighed the pros and cons, their moods going from hellish to heavenly in an instant, wishing they could bring their little daughter back immediately. 
Wang Zimei said: “What on earth happened to this child? She’s clearly not dead, but she hasn’t come home in all these years. My poor daughter, I must bring her back. Where is she now? I’m afraid only Tang Zhou, that adopted child of the Ye’s Family, knows! We should call Tang Zhou.” 
Xia Wealth stood to the side, giving Wang Zimei an affirmative glance: “You call him. We must get our daughter back. We’ve let her down a lot over the years, from now on, we must make it up to her.” 
Standing at the top of the staircase on the second floor, Xia Yanyan heard the conversation of her parents downstairs. Her beautiful manicured nails, due to tension, snapped without her even feeling the pain, because her current mood was beyond words.
###Chapter 665: Chapter 665: I suggest you explode right here _1 
What are our parents thinking—they are actually going to bring that mermaid from the video home? 
How could that mermaid possibly be her sister, Xia Qiongqiong? 
This isn’t right, how could there be another mermaid even more beautiful than her in this world? How is she supposed to maintain her unique status then? 
Xia Yanyan clenched her fists tightly, gritted her teeth, it took all her restraint not to scream out loud! 
No way, her unique national treasure status absolutely can’t be taken away by any other mermaid! 
Besides, how is it possible for Xia Qiongqiong, who was ugly as sin, to transform so dramatically as she grew older? Even with plastic surgery, there’s no way you can turn a grey mermaid into a golden-blue one. That blue color with a subtle hint of pearly white, she also, wanted it so much, it was too beautiful, why wasn’t she that color? 
... 
Xia Yanyan walked down from upstairs, Wang Zimei had already painstakingly obtained Tang Zhou’s phone number from someone else. She made the call, speaking softly: “Tang Zhou, this is Qiongqiong’s mother. Where is our Qiongqiong now? Her father and I, we both want to see her.” 
“What? What did you say? I’m sorry, but I don’t understand non-human languages, and I don’t study foreign languages other than human. Could you translate that into a human language and say it again?” came Tang Zhou’s sarcastic reply from the other end of the phone. 
Wang Zimei’s face changed, but she tried hard to control herself, continuing to speak in a softened voice: “Tang Zhou, both Qiongqiong’s father and I miss Qiongqiong very much. Tell us where she lives now, we’ll go pick her up ourselves.” 
“She should be deep in the sea by now. If you jump into the sea now, you might be able to find her, or you could just blow yourselves up. She’ll probably come to pay final respects,” he retorted disdainfully. noveldrama
Xia Wealth took the phone from Zimei: “Tang Zhou, this is Qiongqiong’s father. We owe her too much for all these years. Now that we know she is still alive, as parents, we…” 
“Beep! Beep!” Tang Zhou promptly ended the call. 
He sighed internally—thank goodness for Ye Xingguang’s foresight. Otherwise, he’d have been totally disgusted by now! 
“Hello? Hello?” Xia Wealth called several times, and upon realizing the call was disconnected, he angrily slammed his phone onto the sofa: “That Tang Zhou, he’s absolutely despicable!” 
Wang Zimei suggested, “Wealth, go find that crazy girl Ye Xingguang. She must know where our Qiongqiong is. Didn’t that crazy Ye Xingguang say that when Qiongqiong fell into the water years ago, it was her father who saved her? It must’ve been him who saved Qiongqiong’s life. Qiongqiong must be at their place. Go find her, and we’ll have a clue!” 
Xia Yanyan had heard enough: “Dad, Mom, calm down, the video Tang Zhou sent out, maybe it’s edited, maybe it was someone wearing a mermaid tail for filming. You guys know that you can buy all sorts of realistic-looking mermaid tail pants everywhere that make people look like real mermaids. Moreover, Qiongqiong’s scales are grey, how could they turn blue? Please be reasonable.” 
Wang Zimei shot a glare at her daughter: “What are you talking about, Yanyan? That video is obviously your sister, my own flesh and blood, how could I not recognize her? The most important thing right now is to bring your sister home. Yes, call your brother for help. Qiongqiong always clings to Ye Chao, if you ask your brother to look for her, it will certainly be easier for him to find Qiongqiong than it would be for us.”
###Chapter 666: Chapter 666 Don’t Disturb Her_1 
Xia Yanyan took a deep breath, then another deep breath. She must be going crazy. They weren’t even sure if that mermaid was Xia Qiongqiong yet, but her parents were already reacting like this. If it was confirmed that the mermaid was Xia Qiongqiong, wouldn’t all the love she enjoyed in this house be taken away? 
Were these the same parents she had always known, who had treated her like a precious gem? How could they have changed so much? She couldn’t believe how ugly they had become. 
There was no way she was going to make that call. 
Wang Zimei picked up the phone her husband had thrown onto the couch, if her daughter wouldn’t call, she would. 
Once the call connected, Wang Zimei was beside herself with excitement. “Son, have you seen the video on Weibo? Qiongqiong might not be dead. Your father and I are so thrilled. Please, you must find Qiongqiong and bring her back.” 
On the other end of the phone, there was no reply from Xia Ye Zhao. He was breathing heavily, but didn’t make a sound. 
... 
“Son, have you heard me? Qiongqiong, whom you’ve always been thinking of, might not be dead. We owe her so much for all these years. Your dad and I will make it up to her, I promise. But first, you need to find Qiongqiong. She’s your sister.” 
Xia Ye Zhao hesitated for quite some time, “She probably doesn’t want to come home. I suggest that you don’t bother her.” 
“What kind of nonsense are you talking about? She’s your father’s and my daughter, of course we have to bring her back home. What do you mean by bothering her? Do you already know she’s alive? Do you know where she is?” Wang Zimei’s voice betrayed her curiosity. 
“Maybe if you’d been nicer to her, I might have persuaded her to come home. But now, do you think she’d want to come back to us? She’s doing very well. Not bothering her is the best thing our family can do for her.” 
Her little sister had left home twice. Each time, their parents had broken her heart. 
Besides, could they really reclaim a grown-up daughter who had been fostered by someone else? There was no way Xia Ye Zhao was going to ask for that. 
Wang Zimei was livid. “What do you mean? We always treated her well. We fed her, cared for her. We only released her because she was too sick for us to help her. Do you think our hearts don’t ache for her? Tell me where she is right now. I understand your sister’s temperament. As long as I explain it to her, she’ll come back, I know it. Give me her phone number.” 
Wang Zimei knew her daughter well, Qiongqiong was always craving for love. Even a little would make her overjoyed. 
Releasing her was indeed their mistake, but everyone makes mistakes. She would make up for it in the future. Was there any resentment between a mother and her daughter that couldn’t be healed? 
“Mom, I have to go into a meeting now.” 
Xia Ye Zhao hung up the phone immediately. He then opened the video that Tang Zhou had posted. Even he wasn’t sure if the mermaid in the video was his sister. He remembered that her tail was gray, but in the video Tang Zhou had posted, the tail was blue. 
Could it really be true that girls change a lot as they grow up? noveldrama
Was this blessing from heaven for Qiongqiong? 
Xia Ye Zhao felt relieved and happy for his sister. He remembered how scared she used to be about exposing her fish tail. Her sense of inferiority, which was so pitiful, was what hurt Xia Ye Zhao the most. 
Xia Ye Zhao sat in his office for a long time, his phone kept ringing. His mother and father kept calling, but he didn’t want to answer. 
When it was time to get off work, Ye Xingguang tidied up her desk, picked up her handbag, and headed downstairs with two female colleagues. 
They had just reached the downstairs when they saw Ye Junqing’s fleet of cars parked in front of the office building. 
“Wow, Xingguang, you’re so lucky, Mr. Ye is personally picking you up from work.” Her female colleagues sounded envious. 
She smiled gently, waved goodbye to her colleagues and said, “See you tomorrow.”
###Chapter 667: Chapter 667: Impossible!_1 
Just as she was about to get in the car, the sound of a honking horn came from afar. Ye Xingguang looked towards the sound to find that it was Xia Ye Zhao’s car. She then jogged over, Xia Ye Zhao had already rolled down his car window. Ye Xingguang stood outside the car and said, “Brother.” 
Xia Ye Zhao was sitting in the car. He originally wanted to invite her for dinner, but with Ye Junqing’s caravan already parked here first, he dropped the idea and just asked, “The video that Tang Zhou posted, was that you?” 
Ye Xingguang hesitated for a moment, then nodded. 
Xia Ye Zhao: “Very beautiful.” 
Ye Xingguang was scratching her head in embarrassment: “Heh, I didn’t expect that, my unassuming tail from when I was a child would grow to be so beautiful. Brother, did you need something from me?” 
“No, I just wanted to invite you for dinner. But, let’s do it another time.” 
... 
Xia Ye Zhao hesitated: “Mom and Dad…want to acknowledge you…” 
Xia Ye Zhao could not finish his sentence before Ye Xingguang’s face hardened, a chill seeming to extinguish the bright sunshine around her. 
Xia Ye Zhao sighed and smiled: “I didn’t tell them, but they found out that you are their daughter. It’s only a matter of time. I know this family has not given you warmth and love. Your foster parents have taken good care of you, including myself, we, the Xia family, have no right to take you away from them. I just came to tell you that if they come bothering you, call me and I’ll handle it.” 
“Mm.” 
Watching her wearing such thin clothes, Xia Ye Zhao felt a pang of pity: “It’s getting colder, aren’t you wearing a bit too little? Do you have enough clothes to wear?” 
“I’m fine. Ye Junqing bought me lots of autumn clothes, but I thought the office wasn’t cold, so I didn’t wear a lot.” 
Ever since the day she complained about not having enough clothes, Ye Junqing had filled the wardrobes in both mansions with the latest designs from well-known brands of the season. 
Xia Ye Zhao felt a pinch of regret, any favors he could do for her, Ye Junqing had already surpassed him in providing, making him feel useless. He looked at the diamond ring on her ring finger, and felt happy for her: “Go on then, Ye Junqing is waiting for you.” 
“Bye, Brother.” 
Ye Xingguang waved her hand and hopped into Ye Junqing’s car. After fastening her seatbelt, she took the milk tea that Ye Junqing had bought for her and asked while sipping from her straw, “Didn’t I tell you that I was going to the hospital to have dinner with my parents tonight? Why did you come to pick me up?” 
“I’m accompanying you dinner with your parents.” 
Ye Junqing was observing Ye Xingguang’s reaction, afraid that her mood would be affected, worrying that Tang Zhou had thrown her in the spotlight. Seeing that she didn’t look too perturbed, he finally felt a sense of relief. He gave the driver a nod to head to the hospital. 
“What did Xia Ye Zhao say to you?” 
“Nothing much. Just telling me that a certain shameless pair of parents are thinking of acknowledging Xia Qiongqiong as their own.” 
“Impossible!” Instantly, Ye Junqing’s face darkened like water. Remembering back to the time when her identity was exposed and how shamelessly the Xia family tried to interfere, bloodlust flashed across his face. No way was he going to let the Xia family get a chance to harass her again. 
“Of course it’s impossible, daydreamers. This milk tea tastes pretty good.” noveldrama
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to talk about this topic. She held her milk tea with both hands, savoring it while enjoying the scenery outside the window. Autumn had arrived before she realized it. The osmanthus flowers along the streets had all bloomed, their fragrant scent gently wafting into the car, eliciting a feeling of tranquil happiness in her heart. 
As the cars arrived at the hospital and they got out, Ye Junqing scooped her into his arms. Feeling the man’s firm grip around her waist, Ye Xingguang didn’t bother to resist. Seeing a few couples strolling by in the same affectionate manner, a touch of sweetness sprouted in her heart. Oh yes, this was the proper way for a man and a woman to walk together.
###Chapter 668: Chapter 668 Ye Xingguang Loses Control of His Emotions_1 
The two arrived at the small villa in the hospital and before they could step in, they heard Wang Zimei’s voice from inside: 
“Your daughter admitted it herself, you saved my Qiongqiong that year and brought her home. Your daughter lied to us that Qiongqiong did not make it, but left eventually. Now, my daughter’s video has been posted on Weibo. My daughter didn’t die. If you all haven’t hidden her away, then who did? I asked you nicely to let me see my daughter but you all are so cold. You hide someone else’s daughter and refuse to give any news, do you have any shame?…” 
Before Wang Zimei could finish, a cup of milk tea slammed into her face. 
Ye Xingguang had not expected those heartless parents to harass her adoptive parents like this, let alone say such shameless words. Her adoptive parents must be hurt by these words. Her rage was instantly ignited as she walked into the room, stood before Wang Zimei, and glared at her. “Who let you come here? Get out, get out right now!” noveldrama
Wang Zimei was hit full in the face with the milk tea. She had a cut on her face from the edge of the cup. She was completely stunned, only realising she was being yelled at to leave and that she had been attacked, after a while. 
“You!” Wang Zimei was so angry that she was at a loss for words. After a while, she finally choked out, “As expected of a daughter brought up by the Bai family. She has no manners at all, just like a little shrew…ah…you dare to throw things at me.” 
... 
Upon seeing Ye Xingguang about to throw the ashtray from the table at her, Wang Zimei was immediately frightened and dodged. 
Ye Xingguang’s emotions instantly spiraled out of control. She could tolerate six parts of rage when she was being scolded, but she felt worse than threatened when they abused her mother for being an illegitimate daughter. 
What wrong had her mother done to deserve such slander from this wicked woman? 
“You, you, you…don’t come over. Wealth, save me.” 
Seeing Ye Xingguang charging at her ready to fight, Wang Zimei was terrified and called out to her husband for help. 
Xia Wealth had come with Wang Zimei. As Ye Xingguang worked in the Presidential Palace, they could not just rush there. So they came to the hospital to ask Ye Xingguang’s parents about Qiongqiong’s whereabouts. 
Seeing his wife being chased and attacked by Ye Xingguang, Xia Wealth yelled angrily, “Stop!” 
Of course, Ye Xingguang wouldn’t listen to Xia Wealth. She grabbed Wang Zimei and pushed her out, wanting to drive her away. 
Xia Wealth seemed to have found an excuse. He turned to Song Chuanqi, who was sitting indifferently on the sofa, “Look at your daughter, such a shrew with no manners. How can we allow you to continue raising our Qiongqiong? We must take Qiongqiong home, or else wouldn’t she be brought up just as your daughter has been?” 
Song Chuanqi looked at his emotional daughter and felt very distressed. He signaled Bai Lanwu, “Pull our daughter away.” 
“Dad, mom, let her vent it out. If she doesn’t, it will harm her. That worries me.” 
Ye Junqing walked in, approached Xia Wealth without wasting any words, and pulled out his phone to call Xiao Yun, “Come over, there are two pests here. Come and clean up.” 
Xia Wealth’s face was incredibly ugly. “Two pests,” who were they referring to? 
Xia Wealth was furious, the youngsters of the Ye family were really getting more and more disrespectful towards him. He was the uncle-in-law they met. Even Ye Shiting had to call him “little uncle.” Yet, Ye Junqing, Ye Shiting’s younger brother, dared to call him a pest in his face?
###Chapter 669: Chapter 669 Your Daughter? Ha!_1 
Xia Wealth’s gloomy voice came crashing down, “Ye Junqing, you’ve married a rustic girl, has that ruined your manners too?” 
Ye Junqing didn’t bother to respond to Xia Wealth. After hanging up the phone, he went outside, and from behind, he held Ye Xingguang, who was brandishing a broom at Wang Zimei. In a low voice, he softly coaxed her, “That’s enough, don’t dirty your hands.” 
Ye Xingguang was practically crying with anger. Held by Ye Junqing, she threw the broom in her hand towards Wang Zimei, her voice boiling with rage, “Get lost! Get far away from me! Or I will kill you!” 
Wang Zimei fled in panic. Her feet wobbled in her high heels, and with a stumble, she fell to the ground, crying out in pain for Xia Wealth. 
Xia Wealth strode out to stand in front of Wang Zimei, helping his wife up, admonishing harshly: “Ye Xingguang, don’t take our elders’ indulgence towards you as license for your recklessness! We’re here only to claim our daughter!” noveldrama
“Your daughter? Ha! You’re coming to find your daughter now, but your daughter is long dead, drowned at sea. Why don’t you go look for her in the sea? You dare come here to bring bad luck upon my parents, and I dare blow up your house tomorrow! I can buy some dynamite, do you believe it?” Ye Xingguang was ferocious. 
... 
Xia Wealth’s eyes twitched. Having experienced this wild girl’s temper, he truly believed she could do it! 
“Sure enough, a country bumpkin always stays a country bumpkin, even after marrying into a wealthy family! I won’t stoop down to your level, I want to talk to your parents!” Xia Wealth, helping the dishevelled Wang Zimei, chose to avoid conflict with Ye Xingguang. 
Seeing Bai Lanwu supporting Song Chuanqi coming out of the house, Xia Wealth put on an air of civility, saying, “Master Song, you rescued my daughter, and I appreciate it. We’re not here to make trouble today, just a pair of desperate parents trying to find our long-lost daughter. If you need money, just say it. We can pay all these years of child support, one million or two million, whatever you ask for. How does that sound?” 
Xia Wealth thought, addressing a fisherman from an island as ‘Mr’ elevated him too much, so he said ‘Master Song’ instead: “If you think one to two million isn’t enough, I can go as high as five million.” 
Five million, for an island fisherman, is more than a decade’s worth of catch. Of course, they are now the parents-in-law of Ye Junqing and have more worth, but five million is still not a small amount. 
Song Chuanqi didn’t say anything. He just looked at his overly emotional daughter, feeling a bit heartbroken. 
At this moment, Xiao Yun brought some people over. 
Ye Junqing gave Xiao Yun a look. Xiao Yun understood and walked towards Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei. Without mincing his words, he said, “Mr. Xia, Mrs. Xia, please leave.” 
“Leave? Leave what?” Wang Zimei’s face was scratched, and where would her temper be good? Pointing at Bai Lanwu, her words tumbled out: “I’ve got it all figured out. You, an illegitimate daughter of the Bai family, missed your chance to recognize your ancestry and become a rich daughter. Unwilling to be married to a fisherman, you now want to become a rich mother-in-law through your daughter. And now you are holding on to my daughter, intending to become the parents of a national treasure? You are so wild, why didn’t you have…” 
“Insolent!” Song Chuanqi rebuked sternly, his face instantly turning extremely grim.
###Chapter 670: Chapter 670: Dare you insult the Crown Princess Consort of our country!_1 
Ye Xingguang, who had just calmed down, was once again fired up by Wang Zimei’s words. Regardless of Ye Junqing’s hold on her, she yearned to dash across and confront Wang Zimei. She was talking about her mother in such a manner, she was actually speaking about her own mother in such a way!!! 
“Xingguang!” Song Chuanqi stopped Ye Xingguang from acting on her impulses. 
Ye Xingguang burst into tears: “Dad, did you hear the nonsense she’s spewing!” 
Ye Junqing was filled with regret, he shouldn’t have allowed Tang Zhou to publicize the video, “Xiao Yun, what are you standing around for? Drive them away!” 
“Who dares to touch me? I am the mother of a national treasure. I gave birth to two! You all, dare to touch me, don’t think that just because Ye Shiting has ascended to the presidential position, Ye’s Family can bully as they will. Let me tell you, the president may change, but a national treasure is forever. I will always be their mother!” Wang Zimei had truly gained momentum. 
In the past, she birthed only one national treasure, but now, she has two. Her status is higher and more unreachable than ever. However, the presidential position is not a lifetime appointment and in a few years, he will step down. A river flows east for thirty years and then west for thirty! 
... 
Wang Zimei, not caring to manage her messy hair, pushed past her bodyguard and walked up to Song Chuanqi, “You’re nothing more than a fisherman, who are you to be acting so insolent here? I’ll tell you, if you don’t hand me my daughter today, I won’t be leaving! You dream of using your adopted daughters to better your own predicament, this is all wishful thinking! Fortunate as your adopted daughter was to connect with Ye Junqing, it was simple luck! But my daughter, Xia Qiongqiong, is not your stepping stone to this!” 
Xia Wealth also sauntered over, him and Wang Zimei played good cop, bad cop. 
Xia Wealth said to Wang Zimei, “Zimei, how could you speak to Qiongqiong’s foster parents this way?” 
Afterward, Xia Wealth, a smile all over his face, spoke, “Master Song, I hope you won’t mind my wife’s words. As long as you’re willing to let Qiongqiong return to her roots, I promise that I will let Qiongqiong continue to honor you both. Also, the Xia Family is willing to become your relatives. I’m positive you’re quite familiar with the Xia Family’s status in A Country, having us as family is an unparalleled honor. Being in-laws with the Ye Family and having us as relatives, you won’t have to return to the island. You could stay in the capital, automatically leapfrogging your social status…” 
Xia Wealth painted a sweet picture of breaking through social barriers and entering high society, all for Song Chuanqi to envision. He believes that a polite solicitation should penetrate the ears of the island-residing Song. What’s more, this was a win-win situation. 
Song Chuanqi caught Ye Xingguang’s eye, about to charge out, saying with a cold laugh, “We are not of the same world, therefore there is no need to harshly become family. Madam, you’ve been quite disrespectful towards my wife. I will give her one chance to apologize, say sorry to my wife a sincere ten times and I can forgive her. Otherwise…” 
“Otherwise what, simply a fisherman dares to refer to his wife as ‘madam’. Only people of a certain class may use such a term. Your wife, she must be called a wife.” Wang Zimei was still acting on her anger, without any qualm in her words. 
She wanted to make this pairing of a husband and wife aware of their position in society. Don’t think that because they are connected to the Ye Family, they can achieve unspeakable heights, depending on the term ‘madam’, since when could they use this term? noveldrama
The moment her words fell, a diplomat from S Country arrived with a harsh warning, “Impudence! Our Crown Princess Consort of S Country, how is she someone that you can insult by calling her wife? Insulting our Crown Princess Consort is an insult to our S Country! I will definitely follow up on this matter through a diplomatic note!” 
[An Ying: The updates end here today, will continue tomorrow. Ah, ah, ah, February has come, I’m looking to climb up the monthly rankings so I can only desperately look at the monthly votes in your hands, can you give them to me? Looking at you, still looking at you, still looking at you…]
###Chapter 671: Chapter 671: Even Xia Wealth is Panicked and Headless_1 
At that statement, not to mention that Wang Zimei was taken aback, Ye Xingguang, who was in a fit of rage, was also stunned for a moment. 
S country’s diplomat named Zhang Guan had come to look for Song Chuanqi yesterday, but was turned away. Undeterred, he came again today. He had just arrived when he heard someone provoking Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu. He had been standing there for some time and couldn’t bear to listen anymore. Unexpectedly, their country’s Crown Prince and Crown Princess Consort were suffering such humiliation in a foreign country! 
Zhang Guan’s assistant, who came with the diplomat, was even more astute and had already used his mobile phone to capture this scene. This was the evidence. They would have to demand an explanation from country A through diplomatic channels! 
“Wha… what Crown Princess Consort?” It took a moment before Wang Zimei could stutter a few words. 
The diplomat from country S, Zhang Guan, stepped in front of Song Chuanqi. He made a respectful bow and then glared coldly at Wang Zimei: “This person is our country’s Crown Prince, how dare you insult and trample upon him. You are insulting our country!” 
Wang Zimei’s tongue seemed to trip over itself: “You…you…what are you talking about, he’s just a fisherman from a remote island! And who…who are you?” 
... 
Zhang Guan: “I am the diplomat from country S, Zhang Guan. How did our prince, who settled on one of your islands, become a fisherman? Even if he is, does your country A differentiate between people? Is your country’s proclamation of equality just empty talk?” 
After Zhang Guan finished speaking, he turned to his assistant and said, “Send the video to the embassy now. Let Ambassador Zheng appear and ask the department of foreign affairs of country A how to solve this insult to our Crown Prince and Crown Princess Consort. A verbal apology can’t appease the anger of our country, we demand a written apology! This is a serious provocation to the dignity of our royal family!” 
Not to mention that Wang Zimei turned pale with fear, even Xia Wealth was at a loss. 
This was impossible. How could a fisherman from an island be the Crown Prince of country S? 
If the Master Song in front of them really was the Crown Prince of country S, then the contempt he had shown earlier would be a joke, and it would be an incredible embarrassment. Moreover, if country S really escalated this situation to a matter of national dignity, wouldn’t he and his wife be despised by the people? 
Xia Wealth’s right eyelid was twitching: “Misunderstanding, Mr. diplomat, this is all a misunderstanding.” noveldrama
“Misunderstanding? I see no misunderstanding here. I see clearly and hear clearly that you two have insulted our Crown Princess Consort to her face, challenging the dignity of our royalty. So this is so-called friendly state!” 
Country A and country S have always been friendly states, even being compared to brothers by other countries. They’ve always shared weal and woe, especially in international relations. The people of country S have always stood with the people of their brotherly country A. But today, he finally understood what friendship was. It was chilling! 
After finishing, he added, “And you dare say that the appropriate title for our Crown prince’s consort is merely ‘old woman.’ This is absurd!” 
Song Chuanqi didn’t want to escalate this issue to a diplomatic level between countries. He said with slightly furrowed brows, “Never mind, let it go, Junqing. Send them away.” 
Ye Junqing also didn’t want to escalate the issue to a matter between countries. He was also surprised by his father-in-law’s unexpected identity. He gave Xiao Yun a look and at the same time stretched out his hand to prevent Zhang Guan’s assistant from dialing, “We will handle this matter ourselves.” 
But neither Zhang Guan nor his assistant could agree, otherwise where would the dignity of their country’s royalty be?
###Chapter 672: Chapter 672: Never Expected This…_1 
Not only did Zhang Guan’s assistant ring the embassy of Country S in Country A, but he also sent the video they captured to Ambassador Zheng. 
Upon viewing the video, Ambassador Zheng was furious. He immediately called the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Country A, sent them the video and sternly criticized them, demanding an explanation. 
Moreover, Ambassador Zheng issued a formal protest and posted the video on the official website and microblog of the S country’s embassy, escalating the incident into an international matter. 
Some netizens stumbled upon the microblog of the S country’s embassy and, upon seeing S country’s embassy demanding a written apology from A country, realized the gravity of the situation. Netizens are often passionate about participating in national affairs on social media, sometimes even more so than the officials. They launched a wave of comments and criticisms, expressing deep disappointment. 
Netizen ‘City’s Little Love’: “What’s going on? Why would the mother of our national treasure publicly insult the Crown Princess Consort of S country? Is she stupid? This tarnishes the image of our country! Has she gone mad? I’m so pissed off. Our countries, A and S, have a long-standing friendship. This makes it look like our people don’t respect the royal family of S country! Don’t they know that in the eyes of S country’s public, every word spoken by a citizen of A country represents our country itself?” noveldrama
Netizen ‘You Smile Like Me’: “This is the mother of our national treasure? The elegant lady who exudes grace and dignity no matter the occasion? How come she behaves like a shrew in the video? Oh my! Not to mention how upsetting this must be for S country, I myself can’t bear it! Such a lack of decorum, it’s a heartbreaking degradation, it shatters my worldview!” 
... 
Netizen ‘Shy with a Gentleman’: “Here’s the rub! Carp girl is the adopted daughter of Crown prince of S country, and our national treasure Xia Qiongqiong is also his adopted daughter. I finally get why Carp girl could shake off a massive tumor. It is not by chance, but pure power! Her dad is a top-shot! Lord above! Forgive us commoners for such limited exposure…” 
Netizen: “…” 
The comments from the netizens cause an uproar. From morning till evening, there were endless surprising news pieces that kept many netizens glued to their social media accounts all day. 
At the hospital villa, Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei have fled in panic back to the Xia’s family house and after seeing the commentary blow up on the microblog, they were filled with deep regret! 
They had never imagined that the adoptive parents of the girl Ye Xingguang, were of such high standing. 
Xia Wealth barely had time to break into a cold sweat before the officials from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs showed up at his door… 
In another place, at the hospital villa. 
Ye Xingguang had not calmed down yet and sitting on the living-room couch, hugging Bai Lanwu’s arm, tears rolled down her eyes. She blamed herself for making her mother suffer so much. 
“It’s okay, your mom’s fine. I won’t take whatever they’ve said to heart.” Bai Lanwu comforted her guilt-ridden daughter. 
Words like illegitimate daughter, riding on the daughter’s coattails and similar remarks couldn’t affect Bai Lanwu because in her eyes, these were just a laughing matter. She isn’t an illegitimate daughter, so her pride isn’t wounded upon hearing these words. 
However, Ye Xingguang was remorseful and didn’t know how to console herself. 
Ye Junqing was arranging for someone to clean up the hospital, planning to bring his father-in-law back to the Ye’s family house immediately. Otherwise, when the media realizes what happened, they will undoubtedly swarm like a tidal wave into the hospital, disrupting his father-in-law’s recovery. 
Ye Shiting called, and Ye Junqing went outside to take the call. 
“What’s the deal with your father-in-law’s identity?” Ye Shiting asked over the phone.
###Chapter 673: Chapter 673: Song Chuanqi Returns Home_1 
Lord Ye suppressed a frown, “It must be true, right now the diplomats of country S are urging my father-in-law to return to S. I would have never imagined his actual identity. Thankfully, he agreed to stay at our house for now. You need to pressure the Ministry of Foreign Affairs into insisting on a written apology from the Xia family. Otherwise, country S will not let this matter rest.” 
Ye Shiting also frowned. On his second day in office, an international crisis had erupted. It wasn’t good news for him. Now, he could only call the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to ensure serious attention was given to this matter and to make the Xia family apologize sincerely. 
After the brothers ended their call, Xiao Yun walked towards Lord Ye, “My Lord, everything is packed. We can set off now. We probably have to hurry… The media has already caught onto this news.” 
“Yes,” Lord Ye responded, entering the room. 
As soon as he entered, he heard his father-in-law refusing, “It’s alright, you just handle this. I have no intention of returning to S for the time being. Are the cars ready, Lord Ye?” 
Lord Ye walked up to Song Chuanqi and respectfully nodded, “They are ready. We can leave at any time.” 
... 
Song Chuanqi stood up, “Then let’s go.” 
They had planned to leave the hospital tomorrow, but things had moved quickly. If they didn’t leave now, they’d be besieged by the press. 
Song Chuanqi looked at his wife and daughter and consoled Ye Xingguang, “Don’t blame yourself. Neither your mother nor I will be affected by these clowns.” 
Ye Xingguang wiped away her tears and walked Bai Lanwu out. A car was waiting at the villa’s entrance. They got straight in. 
The diplomat from country S could only helplessly watch as the car left the hospital. But they were determined to pursue this matter seriously. 
The diplomat walked towards the hospital exit, ready to confront the throngs of media waiting outside. 
… 
A’s Capital Island, an area looked upon with envy by common people, began to roll into Song Chuanqi’s view. 
Lord Ye’s convoy drove towards the Moonlight Bridge leading to Central Island. As Soun Chuanqi sat in the car, he saw his former home slowly coming closer. Beneath his calm demeanor was a heart full of complex emotions yearning for home. 
No one could understand his feelings as he returned home after so many years. 
This home, which he hadn’t stepped foot in for nearly thirty years, seemed familiar yet foreign. He had ceased to be the eldest son of the Ye family and had become the Crown Prince of country S. 
Ye Baixiu, who was supposed to be the Crown Prince of S, now lived in his home as the eldest son of the Ye family. He didn’t know how to describe the irony. 
The grand and ostentatious convoy drove into a majestic, tightly guarded manor after crossing the Moonlight Bridge and racing along the island’s circular road. 
The two stone lions at the entrance to the manor were taller than a man. Guards with guns stood like statues next to the lions and saluted respectfully when they saw Lord Ye’s convoy. noveldrama
In a fountain pool at the entrance of the manor stood an imposing statue of Odin. 
In mythological stories, Odin was the king of gods, the ruler of the Aesir, and the god of death, war, power, and magic. This was Song Chuanqi’s favorite deity in his youth. He had the fountain and even the Odin statue built by a renowned sculptor. But all these carried traces of his past. Sadly… 
Today, he could only enter the manor as a guest, not as its owner, and he would never be its owner again.
###Chapter 674: Chapter 674 – I’m the Illegitimate Daughter of the Bai Family!_1 
Bai Peiluan had also seen the video where Wang Zimei was maligning Bai Lanwu as the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family, and it had so upset her that her blood pressure was constantly rising. 
She thought of how her elder sister had to endure Wang Zimei’s slander simply to protect her, it infuriated her to no end. How could she face her sister with any semblance of dignity? 
Upon hearing that her sister and brother-in-law had been picked up by their son, Bai Peiluan rushed to the entrance of Ye Junqing’s villa, waiting for Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi’s arrival. 
Without further ado, she turned to Ye Baixiu and said, “Baixiu, there is something I need to announce later. If you can accept it, we will carry on as usual; if you can’t, then just divorce me!” 
Hearing the word “divorce” made Ye Baixiu’s eyebrows furrow in worry, “What on earth are you talking about?” 
“The truth. If you can’t accept me, then just divorce me. Today, I have to announce something!” 
... 
She couldn’t stand by and watch her sister be scolded anymore. It would weigh on her conscience for the rest of her life! 
Before Ye Baixiu could reply, Bai Peiluan had already looked away, her anger and unease preventing her from wanting to face him. 
At this moment, Ye Junqing’s motorcade came slowly forward, stopping in front of the couple. 
Upon seeing Bai Lanwu emerge from the car, Bai Peiluan immediately ran over, altering her usual term for her to elder sister, “Sister, was your journey smooth? I’m sorry you were put out.” 
Bai Lanwu, hearing Bai Peiluan refer to her as ‘elder sister,’ corrected her with a smile, “Peiluan, you got it wrong.” 
“What do you mean, ‘wrong’? There’s nothing wrong with it. You are my sister.” noveldrama
When everyone had alighted from their vehicles, Bai Peiluan took a deep breath, made up her mind and announced, “Baixiu, Junqing, I must declare something here. I’m not the eldest daughter of the Bai family, Lanwu is. I was the one who married into the Ye family as her replacement. This secret has burdened my heart for so many years. I can’t bear it anymore. No one should accuse my sister of being the Bai family’s illegitimate daughter. You all listen clearly, I’m the illegitimate daughter of the Bai family!” 
Having said this, a feeling of intense relief rushed over her. It was as if she could finally admit her crime. She felt truly honest and upright for the first time. 
Ye Junqing, who had just stepped out of the car: “…” 
Ye Xingguang was also stunned, sharing the same expression as Junqing: “…” 
Ye Baixiu’s expression remained calm throughout. He had guessed what his wife was about to announce. 
However, Bai Peiluan was unaware that her husband already knew. She turned to Ye Baixiu, “Baixiu, if you can’t accept this, if you want a divorce, then divorce me. I don’t have a high-status identity anyway, I am just an illegitimate daughter – a lowly person.” 
Bai Lanwu sighed, “Why did you have to do this? Wasn’t it agreed that we should bury this secret deep in the earth?” 
“How can we bury it when people are pointing fingers at you? How can I live in peace with this on my conscience? Though I may be an illegitimate daughter, I still have my values. How could I stoop so low as to do such a thing?” 
Bai Peiluan felt utterly humiliated in front of her sister. 
Bai Lanwu’s voice remained gentle, “It’s not as serious as you think. This has nothing to do with you. It’s cold out, let’s go in. Chuanqi is still ill. We should avoid the cold wind. We’ll discuss this inside.” 
Bai Peiluan felt even more ashamed, “Sister, you’re too kind. Okay, we’ll go in. Let’s go in first.” 
Having said this, Bai Peiluan didn’t dare to look at Ye Baixiu. She immediately led Bai Lanwu into the house.
###Chapter 675: Chapter 675: Why Don’t You Want to Marry Ye Baixiu?”_1
Ye Shiting and Yi Yujian were called back from the presidential palace by Bai Peiluan. Even before they walked into Ye Junqing’s villa, they heard Bai Lanwu’s voice: “It was I who didn’t want to marry and ran away, so Peiluan ended up marrying in my place. It’s not Peiluan’s fault. If my brother-in-law blames Peiluan for this, then I feel bad for her. Peiluan has given him two excellent sons.”
Ye Shiting, having heard the rumour on the road, made his entrance into the living room with a stormy expression, glaring angrily at Ye Baixiu: “Dad, is it because of mom’s identity that you want to divorce her?!”
Ye Baixiu: “……”
When did he say he wanted to divorce Peiluan? Up till now, he hadn’t said a word, yet his sons were glaring at him one after another, accusing him. What had he done wrong?
Ye Baixiu roared out impatiently: “Who said I want a divorce? Did I ever express my wish to divorce? I knew long ago that your mom was Bai’s illegitimate daughter, not the eldest daughter of the Bai family. I realized that thirty years ago!”
“Ah?” Bai Peiluan, who had been nervous for some time now, was stunned: “Baixiu, what do you mean, you knew all along?”
... 
Ye Baixiu walked over, pulled Bai Peiluan to his side, and looked at her resignedly: “If it weren’t for me covering for you and silencing the rumors, who do you think you could hide this from?”
Bai Peiluan was dumbfounded: “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
Ye Baixiu roared impatiently: “What would that accomplish? I fell for you as a person, not your status. I don’t care if you’re Bai’s eldest daughter, or an illegitimate one. If you dare talk about divorce again, I won’t speak to you for ten days, no, twenty!”
Bai Peiluan was shocked: “How… how did you find out?”
“Is that the point? The point is you doubted my love for you, thinking if your identity was revealed, I’d cast you aside. We’ve been together for nearly thirty years, with Shiting being 29 now and Junqing, 27, yet you doubt my feelings. I’m furious!”
Ye Baixiu set his face into a stern expression, clearly expecting his wife to placate him.
Just now he’d been unjustly accused by his eldest son—where was his dignity as the head of the family? He needed to be pacified!
But his sons weren’t being considerate. Ye Junqing simply said: “Dad, stop it. You kept from Mom that you’ve known the truth for so long, making her worry for all these years. You should be the one calming Mom down, not the other way around.”noveldrama
At those words, Ye Baixiu gave his son a rotten look: “Are you even my son?”
“I am my mother’s son, too.”
His father didn’t seem to care much about his marital issues. Compared to his pressured mother, Ye Junqing was inclined to take his mother’s side.
When Ye Shiting heard what his father had said, he relaxed a bit, adding a word in agreement: “Junqing is right.”
Ye Baixiu: He shouldn’t have bothered having two sons! Regret, so much regret!
“So, why didn’t you want to marry Ye Baixiu?” Song Chuanqi’s sudden question finally settled Ye Baixiu’s turmoil.
At this moment, Ye Baixiu felt that Song Chuanqi must be crumbling inside. This man’s wife-to-be would rather run away than marry him. By comparison, Ye Baixiu, who had just been “abused” by his two sons, suddenly felt better.
Because he realized that there was someone more pitiful than him.
Bai Lanwu shot her husband a reproachful look: “Do you want me to marry someone else?”
Song Chuanqi smiled: “Just asking casually, answer me.”
###Chapter 676: Chapter 676: As a man, you should be more magnanimous!_1
After speaking, Song Chuanqi highly praised Ye Baixiu: “Looking at your appearance, one should guess that you were handsome and charismatic in your youth, and the eldest son of the Ye family at that. How were you not up to your standards?”
Bai Lanwu found it a bit awkward to talk about fleeing from her own wedding in front of Ye Baixiu, and she didn’t want to answer. However, Song Chuanqi was determined to hear her response. Bai Lanwu thought, what is this man’s intention widely questioning?
Bai Peiluan wiped tears from the corner of her eyes, saying, “Brother-in-law, what’s the point of probing into this? There’s no logic to love. It doesn’t have to do with appearance or family background. Just because my sister couldn’t bear the sight of my husband, it doesn’t mean that the matchmaker made a mistake. Actually, I also find him obnoxious. The noise he makes when he snores at night is intense, just like a saw.”
Ye Baixiu: “!!!”
Once Bai Peiluan was sure she wouldn’t get divorced, she stared at Ye Baixiu, “What are you looking at me for? Did I say something wrong? Your snoring is really loud. I didn’t want to marry you on behalf of my sister either, but the Bai family had to provide a bride for your family.”
Ye Baixiu: Keep calm! Don’t stoop to her level, you’ve been husband and wife for over thirty years! Be magnanimous! *
... 
However, after Ye Baixiu gave Song Chuanqi a look of empathy, he said, “Mother-in-law, please clarify to me. What exactly about me made you want to flee from our wedding?”
Bai Peiluan grew irritated and continued to glare at Ye Baixiu: “What are you asking? Do you find me undesirable?”
Ye Baixiu instantly tried to placate Bai Peiluan: “Ah, that’s not what I mean, I was just casually asking.”
“Even casually asking is not acceptable. If you don’t like me, let’s get a divorce today!”
“Alright, I won’t ask. I’ll let my mother-in-law ask.” Ye Baixiu felt completely helpless towards his wife.
Bai Peiluan harrumphed: “That’s more like it. Only my mother-in-law can ask. I saw the reports online. The Crown Prince of S Kingdom is of a higher status than you. Obviously, my sister didn’t fancy you. Doesn’t this make the whole situation clear to you?”
Ye Baixiu fell silent. It seemed like whatever he said was wrong. He felt aggrieved on Song Chuanqi’s behalf.
Song Chanqi was indeed feeling wronged. Behind his gentle smiles hid a wounded heart. Over the years, he never found the right time to ask his wife why she fled their wedding.
He had proposed to the Bai family with full sincerity.
Bai Lanwu said, “Actually, it’s not a big deal. I had a bestie who had a crush on my brother in-law since she was seventeen. Over the years, I watched her pour all her feelings onto my brother in-law. But then my family arranged for me to marry him…how could I face her? The only option left was to run away. I couldn’t lose my best friend over a man.”
Song Chuanqi was deeply hurt: “So, a best friend is more important?”
“Of course, my best friend is more important. I suffered from autism in those years, didn’t have many friends, and she was the only good one. How could I lose her for a man? She fell for you when she was seventeen, and I was the witness of her unrequited love. How could I interfere? Anyone could marry into the Ye family, except me… Unfortunately, that unrequited love from her youth ended without fruition.”noveldrama
###Chapter 677: Chapter 677: Conversation Between Ye Baixiu and Song Chuanqi_1
When Bai Peiluan heard, she responded sarcastically, “Sister, I know who that best friend you’re talking about is. The phrase ‘passing away without illness’ can only mean they were not destined to be together.”
Bai Lanwu laughed awkwardly. It wasn’t her place to comment on other people’s relationships. Besides, that best friend of hers eventually found happiness in a marriage, so there was no need to bring up the past.
However, Bai Peiluan glared at Ye Baixiu. It was all his fault for being so likable. Over the years, her sister’s best friend never stopped trying to expose the fact that she wasn’t Bai Peiluan. She had no idea how many times she had fended off such attempts. Luckily, she had always managed to dodge these figurative bullets.
Even now, whenever her sister’s best friend saw her, she would give her the cold shoulder. The two of them were mutually disdainful of each other.
“I’m a bit tired. Xingguang, can you show me to the room you prepared for me?” Song Chuanqi became a bit frustrated, got up, and wanted to go rest.
Bai Lanwu wanted to accompany her husband, but Song Chuanqi pressed down on her shoulder, signaling her to stay seated. “You two sisters continue catching up. I’ll have Xingguang look after me.”
... 
Song Chuanqi felt bitter. He didn’t want to see his wife, but Bai Lanwu didn’t notice at all.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang accompanied Song Chuanqi to his room, efficiently made the bed, and helped Song Chuanqi lie down.
“Dad, are you not feeling well?” His face seemed gloomy.
While lying on the bed, Song Chuanqi replied flatly, “No.”
“Then, are you feeling upset?”
Song Chuanqi’s voice remained stern, “Also no.”
He was just frustrated. He couldn’t tolerate that he was less important in his wife’s heart than a best friend.
Ye Xingguang had people pack up everything from the hospital and organize it in the dressing room. She arranged tea cups and such by the bedside. After busying herself for a while, she finally finished her tasks. She pulled up a chair and sat down beside the bed, keeping Song Chuanqi company.
“Dad, how come you’re the Crown Prince of the S country? You’ve never mentioned this to me before.” She was completely taken aback.
“There’s nothing surprising about it. I have no interest in royal power,” Song Chuanqi didn’t feel like talking, he was sulking.
Ye Baixiu was standing at the door, knocking, “May I come in?”
Ye Xingguang immediately let him in.
Ye Baixiu said, “Xingguang, you should go and keep your mom company. Let me talk to your father.”
Ye Xingguang hesitated for a second, but then she heard Song Chuanqi’s voice, “Go ahead, remember to close the door.”
After Ye Xingguang left, Ye Baixiu made sure to lock the door.
After confirming that no one else could enter, Ye Baixiu walked over to the bed and said with a smile, “Father-in-law, how do you feel?”
Song Chuanqi kept a straight face, not saying a word.
Ye Baixiu sat down on the chair and said, “Ah, I understand how you feel. Just think about it this way though. Your wife didn’t reject you because she didn’t like you. It was because of friendship. Besides, it all worked out in the end. Didn’t you finally win her over? As men, we need to be magnanimous. Look at me, my wife complains about my snoring at night. I’d like to be upset, but even my sons don’t side with me! We’re really in the same boat here. It’s a pity you can’t drink alcohol now, otherwise we could have a few drinks tonight.”
In the same boat? He had the feeling that Ye Baixiu was here to gloat!
Song Chuanqi said, “You’ve taken over my body, my identity, and you still say these meaningless things. Don’t you feel guilty? What if I tell your wife that you’re not Ye Baixiu, but the Crown Prince of S country? Would she still marry you then?”
###Chapter 678: Chapter 678: Dad, is it Ye Baixiu from Ye’s Family?_1 
What Ye Baixiu dread the most is just happening. His heart pounded intensely as he chose his words wisely, “Father-in-law, you must not think this way. If it wasn’t for you taking over my body, my mother-in-law wouldn’t have married you, right? She’s the kind who would choose friendship over everything else. Just now, my mother-in-law said anyone can marry Ye Baixiu, except for her.” 
Song Chuanqi stared coldly at Ye Baixiu. Such words were salt rubbed into his wounds! 
“Get out!” Song Chuanqi spitted out these three words. 
Frightened of annoying Song Chuanqi further, Ye Baixiu quickly changed his tone, “Father-in-law, let’s have a decent conversation. I’ve fulfilled our agreement. I’ve never used my identity as the eldest son of the Ye’s family for personal benefits, nor to seek any benefits for our country, “S.” Not only did I avoid any selfish agenda, I also brought the Ye’s family to an unprecedented period of glory. I believe you’ll also uphold our agreement and not reveal my true identity to Peiluan, right?” 
Song Chuanqi made a cold humph. 
Ye Baixiu was deeply anxious, “Brother-in-law, my dear brother-in-law, how about this? In the future, why don’t you live in the Ye’s house? After all, since Junqing and Xingguang got together, it’s only right for you to move in. How about it?” 
“This has always been my home!” 
“Right, right. It’s originally your home, Brother-in-law. I confess I’m vile and shameless, for taking everything that belongs to you. I’m pleading for your forgiveness because I had no other choices.” 
Be it for his family or for Peiluan, Ye Baixiu was willing to do anything, including humbling himself. 
Ye Xingguang had returned to the living room. Her ears being sharp, she originally wanted to overhear what her grandfather and father were saying, but the revelations were coming fast and furious. What did their conversation mean? 
Could it be that her grandfather was the Crown Prince of “S” country and her father was actually Ye Baixiu from the Ye’s family? 
This… 
The amount of information she received today was overwhelming. Her brain was overloaded with questions. How should she understand this? noveldrama
Taking over each other’s bodies? 
Don’t tell her, her grandfather and her father had swapped souls? 
OMG! 
If that’s the case… she suddenly understood why her father was upset and unhappy! 
The way her mother responded just now was a total failure. 
Having found the root of her father’s unhappiness, Ye Xingguang immediately sprang into action. She went back to the living room, walked over to the couch and told Bai Lanwu, “Mom, dad says he’s hungry and he wants to eat your specialty dish.” 
Looking at the time, Bai Lanwu agreed, “Where’s the kitchen? Do we have crucian carp at home? I’ll make your dad ‘crucian carp tofu soup.’ We’ve been talking so much, I forgot that your father hasn’t had his dinner yet.” 
Bai Peiluan spoke, “Sister, I have crucian carp at my place. I’ll have someone bring it over. Shiting, have you all eaten yet?” 
“We haven’t had the chance.” Ye Shiting answered. 
“Why don’t you stay and eat with us? And Shiting, you have to stand up for your aunt. What her sister and brother-in-law did today was too much. They even dared to humiliate her at the hospital! You have to understand, she’s your real aunt. You shouldn’t let outsiders bully her, okay? If not, I won’t consider you my son anymore!” Bai Peiluan was particularly protective. 
Having said this, Bai Peiluan turned to Yi Yujian, “Yujian, I don’t mean to offend you.” 
“Mom, I’m also extremely disappointed with my aunt’s family, you don’t have to take my feelings into consideration, I don’t want anything to do with them either.” Yi Yujian clearly stated his position. 
Bai Peiluan knew her eldest daughter-in-law was reasonable. After speaking, she went into the kitchen with Bai Lanwu to help with the cooking. 
In the living room, only Ye Shiting, Yi Yujian, Ye Junqing, and Ye Xingguang were left. They looked at each other with apprehension. 
Yi Yujian sat down next to Ye Xingguang, held her hand, and said, “Only those from the same family understand each other, Xingguang. Shiting only told me today that you’re my cousin. I wasn’t even aware that I had another cousin named Qiongqiong.”
###Chapter 679: Chapter 679: As long as the younger sister_1 noveldrama
Ye Xingguang did not like being referred to as a cousin: “Sister-in-law, you can call me a younger sister, I don’t like being referred as a cousin.” 
Yi Yujian didn’t know how to respond. She heard from Ye Shiting that her aunt and uncle had concealed her cousin’s birth and abandoned her at a young age. She was surprised to learn about it since she wasn’t aware of it all along. When she inquired her mother and grandmother, they were also unaware. This suggested how well the Xia’s Family had kept this secret. 
“Alright, let’s not talk about this unpleasant topic.” 
At this moment, another car arrived outside. Ye Xingguang curiously peeked outside and saw a cute kid climbing out of the car, carrying a small backpack, and trotting inside. 
It was the Crown Prince, Ye Qinghan, who was four years old this year and a preschooler at the Angel Kindergarten. 
As soon as Ye Qinghan entered the room, he sweetly addressed everyone: “Xiaoshi, Baoyu, Xiaojun.” 
Xiaoshi was a nickname that Ye Qinghan had given to Ye Shiting, Baoyu was the nickname for Yi Yujian, and Xiaojun was the nickname for Ye Junqing. 
Yi Yujian responded to him and handed her son over, introducing Ye Xingguang: “This is your aunt.” 
“Star.” Ye Qinghan promptly came up with a new nickname for Ye Xingguang. 
Yi Yujian chuckled helplessly: “This child, he’s asking for trouble.” 
“No problem, you can call Ye Qinghan.” 
“Star, you can call me Da Han.” 
Ye Qinghan put down his backpack, hopped on the sofa, and once he had positioned his small body, he lifted his head confidently: “Xiaojun calls me that, right, Xiaojun?” 
Ye Junqing ruffled his nephew’s hair, seemingly unwilling to answer him, but upon seeing the child, Ye Junqing was reminded of the pamphlets delivered by the civil affairs department in the morning. 
He found and returned to the living room with the pamphlet from the dining table, handing it to Ye Shiting. 
“In the past, the state provided assistance in finding partners, and now it plans to help with childbirth?” 
Ye Shiting read the pamphlet and chuckled: “This is indeed the first policy I enacted after taking office, and it’s also a benefit that Yanbei agreed to yield in exchange for the use of pardoning power. During his tenure, he had organized the national medical team to develop an incubator, that can now be clinically used. If you and your sister are interested, you can sign up to be the first batch of pioneers.” 
“What is it?” Ye Xingguang was curious. 
Ye Shiting handed the pamphlet to Ye Xingguang: “It can spare you from the discomfort of pregnancy, and you won’t have to lie in for a month.” 
Yi Yujian, who had experienced pregnancy, knew all too well how tormenting the process could be, not to mention the excruciating labor pains. Ye Shiting had once visited the hospital to experience childbirth for empathy. The experience was so harrowing that even he had screamed out loud. After the experience, he firmly opted for a cesarean birth for his wife. 
Even so, postpartum complications had tormented Yi Yujian. One could only understand the brutality of childbirth through the experience or sincere concern for their wife – hence, his support for state-sponsored childbirth. 
The current aging situation in “A” country was becoming increasingly severe, and young women were reluctant to have children. Thus, it was necessary for the state to find ways to alleviate women’s childbirth pain while effectively increasing the population. The incubator was indeed a blessing. 
While Ye Xingguang was still reading the pamphlet, Yi Yujian already expressed: “I want to sign up to give Da Han a younger brother.” 
“Baoyu, I don’t want.” Ye Qinghan decisively refused, grumbling: “Just a sister.”
###Chapter 680: Chapter 680: Wanting to Trap Her with a Child_1 
Ye Xingguang really wanted to laugh: “How about a little brother and a little sister, isn’t that great?” 
But the young Ye Qinghan insisted: “I don’t want a younger brother, he’s going to steal my food.” 
Ye Xingguang: “Who told you that?” 
“Xiao’si said, Little Jun loves to fight with Xiao’si over food,” Ye Qinghan said seriously. 
Ye Junqing was taken aback, looking at his older brother: “When have I ever fought you for food?” 
Little Ye Qinghan added: “Little Jun can’t win, so he fights with Xiao’si.” 
Ye Junqing: “…” 
Ye Shiting couldn’t help but facepalm, his own son was too honest. Looking into his younger brother’s eyes, Ye Shiting could only reassure him, “There aren’t any siblings who don’t fight. It’s a pretty common thing, don’t take it to heart. You and Xiao Jun can have a child together.” 
“How can they have a baby?” Ye Xingguang asked curiously. 
Yi Yujian explained: “I asked the medical team. Currently, there are two ways: one, the fertilized egg is extracted after conception and placed into an incubator. The other, eggs and sperm are extracted by the doctor and artificially inseminated in vitro, and then placed into an incubator. Twenty couples have already signed up for the national baby-bearing program. If you two are interested, you can sign up. This is good news for women, because you don’t have to go through childbirth. You could think it over.” 
Little Ye Qinghan repeated his request: “Xingguang, you can have a little sister for me.” 
“Sure, I’ll give you a cousin. But you need to look after her,” Ye Xingguang coaxed the youngster. 
Upon hearing this, Ye Junqing’s dark eyes lit up like stars, he raised his handsome eyebrows: “If you want to join the program, I can fill out the application form right now.” 
Ye Junqing was a doer. Ye Xingguang twitched at the corner of her eyes and rushed to stop him, whispering, “Hey, who said I wanted to join? I was just humoring the kid, were you taking it seriously?” 
“Adults shouldn’t lie to kids. That sets a bad example. You should mean what you say.” 
Ye Junqing searched the dining room but couldn’t find the application form. He called Tang Zhou: “Where’s the application form I borrowed from you this morning?” 
“What kind of application form? Oh, you’re talking about the national baby-bearing program! It should be next to the photocopier in your study. Are you also thinking about joining, Brother Qing?” 
Ye Junqing didn’t respond to Tang Zhou, he hung up the phone and went upstairs. Ye Xingguang followed him up, and they found the form on Ye Junqing’s study desk. Ye Junqing unscrewed the pen cap and began to fill out the form. 
Ye Xingguang beside him was getting impatient: “Hey!” 
“Hmm?” He looked up at her, but his hands didn’t stop. He filled out the form rapidly. 
Ye Xingguang wanted to speak up, but was amused by Ye Junqing’s earnestness: “Didn’t you say we might give birth to a mermaid or a vampire fish? Why are you so eager? Who said anything about giving birth?” 
“I did!” Ye Junqing answered simply and decisively. 
“If you want a baby, you give birth.” 
“Don’t worry, you won’t have to. The country will help us with that.” Ye Junqing said in a low, teasing voice. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: “…” 
She was left speechless. 
When he finished the form, he looked as if he had just secured a multimillion-dollar project, feeling completely at ease. He pulled her into his arms and kissed her affectionately: “Let’s have a baby so that both of our mothers will have something to do. What’s there not to like?” 
After he finished speaking, he dipped her hand in the pad of red ink on his desk, pressed her thumb onto it, and then made a thumbprint on the application form. He couldn’t wait to seal their bond with a child.
###Chapter 681: Chapter 681 A Happy Family_1 
Seeing the thumbprint on the form, Ye Xingguang expressed his helplessness, “Alright. As long as I don’t need to give birth myself. So, we’re going with the first plan, or the second one?” 
Seeing the leaflet, which ensured she didn’t have to give birth, carry a child for ten months, destroy her figure, or even interrupt her work to have a baby, Ye Xingguang became quite interested. If having a baby was so simple, who wouldn’t want one? 
“First method.” 
It’s not as if he lacked the capability to impregnate her, so why would they need the second option? 
Ye Junqing was extremely confident in his own abilities. He decided to abstain from alcohol, staying up late, and any unhealthy habits for the upcoming months. He was determined to ensure their child would be of superior genes and upbringing, and planned to be home every night on time to try and conceive a baby with his little mermaid. 
Ye Xingguang looked up and saw the wolfish gleam in Ye Junqing’s profound eyes. 
For no apparent reason, he shivered. 
Why did that dreadful tumor look at her with such a hair-raising gaze? noveldrama
At dinner, the entire family gathered. The most cherished one was the little Ye Qinghan. Tilting his head, he looked at Ye Junqing who had swapped alcohol for tea, blinking his curious eyes, “Little Jun, are you sick?” 
“No.” Ye Junqing raised his tea as if paying tribute, toasting his father-in-law. 
“Then why aren’t you drinking alcohol?” 
“So I can make a little brother for you.” 
Little Ye Qinghan grunted, “A little sister.” 
“A little brother.” Ye Junqing was behaving like a four-year-old himself. 
Ye Qinghan stretched his small arm across the table, and picked out a red chili pepper for Ye Xingguang, “Xing, you should eat more spicy food because… Grandma said sour for boys, spicy for girls, and the previous treasure loved to eat sour plums.” 
Ye Xingguang’s eyes lit up, “Thank you, I like the idea of a little sister.” 
At these words, Bai Peiluan got excited, “Xingguang, Junqing, are you planning to have a baby?” 
Ye Xingguang blushed and said nothing, only popped the red chili pepper that little Qinghan had put into her bowl into her mouth. Sour for boys, spicy for girls. If they had a beautiful little mermaid, she could take her daughter to the pool for a swim in the future. 
Her silence was a tacit admission, Bai Peiluan’s smile widened, “That’s wonderful, eat up, don’t eat spicy food, eat fish, it’s good for the brain. Let me tell you, when I was pregnant, I…” 
Bai Peiluan started her story, “After the baby’s born, I can help you look after him, Lan Wu, let’s raise them together.” 
On hearing about looking after children, Bai Lanwu remembered her daughter who died at an early age. Her eyes filled with sorrow as she recalled how not long after her daughter’s birth, the doctors had diagnosed her with infantile cholestasis. By three months old, she had developed cirrhosis, and had passed away by eight months. 
Song Chuanqi noticed his wife’s expression. He held her hand, felt its chill, and asked Ye Xingguang, “Could you get a coat for your mother? It’s getting chilly in the evenings.” 
“Okay.” Ye Xingguang got up right away. 
Bai Lanwu, recovering from her melancholy, stopped Ye Xingguang, “I’m not cold, don’t bother.” 
Still, Ye Xingguang went to get a coat and draped it over Bai Lanwu’s shoulders. She playfully hugged Bai Lanwu from behind and whispered, “Mom, didn’t you know there’s a kind of coldness called ‘your daughter thinks you are cold’? Just wear it, okay?” 
Bai Lanwu couldn’t resist her daughter’s caring sentiment, “I’ve only ever heard of a kind of coldness that’s called ‘your mother thinks you are cold’.” 
“Hehe, remember to wear your underpants.” Ye Xingguang chimed in. 
The whole table chuckled, except for the clueless little Qinghan, who stared at the adults with wide eyes. What’s the joke?
###Chapter 682: Chapter 682: Take her to relax _1
After dinner, the family spent some time watching TV and chatting in the living room before they dispersed.
After her bath, Ye Xingguang lie in bed scrolling through Weibo. There were so many posts related to her—Xia Qiongqiong, the parents of the koi girl, the parents of Guobao…
She felt a headache brewing from reading all of it, and was still angry about her biological parents’ behavior. She exited Weibo and turned to her friend circle, where she saw a picture Tang Zhou had posted of a snowy landscape abroad.
After his bath, Ye Junqing, who was lying beside her, noticed her looking at the snow photo. He embraced her softly in his arms, “Do you like snow?”noveldrama
“Tang Zhou’s photography skills have always been great.” Ye Junqing saw the photo too, a white world of snow which was so appealing and relaxing. He was busy all day and envied Tang Zhou for his free and easy life.
Ye Xingguang tossed her phone aside, wrapped her arms around his waist, and snuggled into his embrace, “I love it! I’ve hardly had a chance to see such thick snow. In the imperial city, we only get one or two bouts of snowfall in winter. It doesn’t satisfy my fantasy about snowy landscapes at all.”
“Want me to take you to see it?”
Feeling upset, Ye Xingguang muttered, “When will we find the time?”
“One can always make time.” He knew she was in a bad mood and thought a getaway might cheer her up.
Checking the time, Ye Junqing picked up his phone from the bedside table and called Xiao Yun: “Find the nearest place from the imperial city where we can see snow tonight.”
Unsure of what Xiao Yun said, Ye Xingguang looked up at him, “Are you crazy, tonight?”
“Alright, you arrange it.” After talking with Xiao Yun, he hung up and then glanced down at her, “You said there’s no time, right? Let’s make time then. We can get to a snowy place in an hour and a half by helicopter. Interested? Tomorrow morning, you’ll wake up to a snowy view outside your window. You can take pictures however you like.”
Ye Xingguang yearned for it deeply, “But, I have to work tomorrow. Plus, my parents just moved in, so I can’t just disappear. I also need to call Dr. Chang tomorrow so he can come and look after my dad…there’s a lot to do…”
“Take leave from your work. I’ll have my mother handle everything else. All you need to do now is get up, find your warmest clothes, and Xiao Yun will fetch us by helicopter in five minutes. I’m giving you five minutes to decide. Want to go? Then change your clothes.”
Before Ye Junqing could finish, Ye Xingguang had already jumped off the bed and hurriedly ran towards the dressing room.
Once inside, she realized she had no winter clothes! Her walk-in was full of autumn outfits. How was she supposed to buy a down jacket now?
Ye Junqing entered the dressing room right after her, found his own down jackets from last year, and tossed one over to her, “Wear this.”
“Your jacket is too large for me.”
But she held on to it like a treasure anyway. His short down jacket extended into a long coat on her. She quickly dressed in her sweatshirt, grabbed the down jacket, and was soon out the door with Ye Junqing.
Just before leaving, they notified their parents downstairs.
As soon as the helicopter landed in the yard, Ye Xingguang was excitedly pulled onboard by Ye Junqing. She couldn’t help asking questions as they took off. The idea of flying to another city in a helicopter to see the snow in the middle of the night made her feel like they were mad.
But two hours later, when they entered a world covered in pure white snow, she didn’t regret their madness at all. The snowy forest beneath them would have been a spectacular view in daylight.
###Chapter 683: Chapter 683: He Suddenly Understood Everything……_1
The helicopter finally landed in the courtyard of a forest hotel. As soon as the cabin door opened, a biting cold wind slapped their faces. Despite having worn his down jacket, Ye Xingguang could not resist the chilly wind, and quickly tucked his head inside the jacket.
Lord Ye first jumped out of the plane and immediately, in a princess carry, held her in his arms and took her into the hotel.
On their way there, someone had already reserved snow-view rooms in the hotel. Xiao Yun went to handle the check-in process. Soon enough, she was carried by Lord Ye into the warm room. The indoor temperature was over twenty degrees, and she did not feel cold even after removing the down jacket.
Lord Ye hung the down jackets on the coat rack. Gazing at the world wrapped in silver through the window, Ye Xingguang took out his phone and began to frantically take pictures. Unfortunately, the night-time picture quality was disappointing. Crawling under the covers, she yawned and chuckled. There was no hurry, she could take pictures in the morning. The sensation of waking up to a world covered in pure white snow would undoubtedly be remarkable.
Lord Ye noticed a wine cabinet in the room. He found a bottle of excellent red wine inside, skillfully uncorked it, then elegantly poured two glasses. Holding one, he walked to the bed and offered it to her: “Have some, it will warm you up.”
“Didn’t you say we’re trying for a baby, I can’t drink alcohol?”noveldrama
They didn’t drink at dinner, but now they should?
Lord Ye sneered: “I forgot.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Does this man sincerely want a child, forgetting so quickly? But drinking a bit of red wine shouldn’t affect the quality of the child, right?
The red wine looked quite tempting. Ye Xingguang took a small sip, finding the taste quite pleasant, and took another sip.
Neither knew whether it was the wine warming the stomach or the “stomach” oiling their passion, but that night, they both had an exceptional ardor. She was taken numerous times.
When she was taken to bathe, she no longer wished to open her eyes. She did not remember how she fell asleep, merely that his arms were incredibly warm. The crackling sound of the room’s fireplace felt like a lullaby, securing a particularly sweet sleep.
Early the next morning, Lord Ye was the first to awaken. He felt something moving on his arm, lifting his eyelids to look, he discovered her drooling on his shoulder.
Lord Ye: “…”
He didn’t move, nor wipe the drool away. Her cherubic, blush-kissed cheeks were oozing with saliva and her innocence was simply irresistibly adorable. He was torn between laughing and wanting to take a picture of her like this.
As he searched for his phone and made a slight movement, the sleeping girl murmured displeasure. By the time he found his phone, her delicate body had already snuggled deeply into his chest with her slender arm unwittingly draped over his shoulder.
Lord Ye did not dare move anymore. He looked at her sleeping face for nearly half an hour, before finally dressing himself in the down jacket and heading out.
At the entrance of the courtyard outside the glass window, two snowmen were built, one man and one mermaid. After busily working for most of the day, the tall man stood outside the window, looking at the sleeping girl inside. His mood was indescribable.
Xiao Yun also woke up early. He saw Lord Ye building snowmen and went to help, but Lord Ye waved him away.
So, Xiao Yun could only stand aside and watch. Seeing the snowmen, one man and one mermaid, he could not help but connect the dots, exclaiming with sudden realization: “Lord Ye, could it be that Miss Ye is the youngest daughter of Xia’s family, Xia Qiongqiong?”
Otherwise, how could he explain Lord Ye’s obsession with mermaids?
He suddeny understood everything…
###Chapter 684: Chapter 684: A Small Interlude_1
Ye Junqing ignored him, still happily busying himself. He had somehow acquired a bouquet of roses, which he placed on the outside windowsill, hoping that Xiaoyuwei would be able to see the roses and snowman in the snow-covered world outside the window when she woke up.
However, even though Ye Junqing didn’t utter a word, Xiao Yun already understood.
In this forest hotel, there was a hunched elderly lady beginning her day early, bustling about. She served a cup of hot tea to Xiao Yun. After he took it and thanked her, the old woman pointed to her ears, grinned, chuckled twice, and then left.
A female hotel attendant told Xiao Yun, “This grandma is hard of hearing, but her heart is very kind. She often prepares delicious food to give to our guests for free. She constantly mutters about having committed wrongs when she was young, and now she must do good deeds to assuage her conscience.”
“Really?” Xiao Yun casually chatted while drinking his hot water. “What bad things has she done?”
The female attendant, charmed by Xiao Yun’s handsome and tall stature, wanted to chat more with him, “I’m not entirely sure, but from what she said, it seems she swapped a healthy male infant from one family with a sick female infant from another. However, it’s hard to tell whether she’s senile and making things up. She lives in the cabin next to the hotel, her children all work out of town, and she lives alone. She is somewhat senile and can’t remember a lot of things, except for the wrong she did in her youth.”noveldrama
Xiao Yun smiled and didn’t pay much attention. He asked the female attendant where the restaurant was so that he could have breakfast.
Guided by the female attendant, Xiao Yun headed to the restaurant. There were precisely two baby strollers in the restaurant, and in those strollers were two sleeping infants. Looking at the decorations on the strollers, one could tell that they were a boy and a girl.
At that moment, Xiao Yun saw the elderly woman move one of the babies from one stroller to the other, and started to lift the other baby to place in the first stroller.
“Hey, what are you doing?” A young couple noticed a stranger holding their child and were scared. They rushed over.
The husband of the couple tried to snatch his baby back from the elderly woman, but she held on tightly to the infant and wouldn’t give it back, which angered the young man. He glared at the hunched old woman, “Give me back my child!”
The old woman couldn’t hear, but she kept mumbling, “It’s wrong, it’s wrong.”
The young woman was already screaming in fear. “What are you trying to do? Give us back our child.”
“It’s wrong, it’s wrong,” the elderly lady insisted, determined to put the child in the other stroller.
“Security! Security! Someone’s trying to steal our child!” The young woman didn’t understand what the old lady was saying was wrong. She was terrified that a strange old woman was holding her child and kept urging her husband. “Quickly snatch the child back, snatch it back.”
Xiao Yun quickly walked over, signaling to the young couple not to get agitated, allowing the old lady to put the baby in the stroller.
The young couple weren’t able to calm down, as they felt their hearts leap into their throats. Both babies in the strollers were their children. Twins, a boy, and a girl. They were their most precious treasures. Strangers weren’t even allowed to touch them.
Thankfully, the old lady didn’t walk away with the baby. Instead, she placed the little infant in the other stroller. As she looked at the two infants, her wrinkled face suddenly showed a relieved expression.
On seeing this, the young couple quickly pushed their strollers away, as if they had barely survived a catastrophe, their hearts still palpating in fright.
###Chapter 685: Chapter 685: Showing off Emperor Night Monarch _1
The hotel security rushed over, intending to expel the old lady. Xiao Yun stopped the two guards’ harsh attitude and personally escorted the old lady home.
The log cabin near the hotel was easy to find. After Xiao Yun escorted the elderly woman home, he found another middle-aged woman in the wooden house. The woman confessed to Xiao Yun that she was hired by the elderly woman’s children as caregiver, specifically to take care of her.
The middle-aged woman’s surname was Wang, so Xiao Yun addressed her as Auntie Wang. “Auntie Wang, I am leaving granny in your care. The hotel has explicitly stated that she is not allowed in the hotel for three days. Please keep an eye on her.”
“Ah? Has she caused trouble?” Auntie Wang asked.
Xiao Yun updated her about the incident at the hotel.
Upon hearing this, Auntie Wang began to scold the hunched-backed elderly woman. She seemed quite short-tempered. Xiao Yun, standing nearby, suggested Auntie Wang to be more patient with the old woman, who hadn’t done anything wrong.
Auntie Wang said, “You don’t understand. Taking care of this old woman is completely exhausting. Inattentively, she likes to run into the hotel. The old woman suffers from dementia. What if she wanders into the heavy snow and loses her way back? You cannot comprehend how tiring it is to care for someone with dementia. If the pay wasn’t decent, I truly don’t want to do it.”
Xiao Yun noticed several medical newspaper clippings on the cabin’s wall. “What was granny’s occupation before she retired?”
“She was an obstetrician and gynecologist, an excellent one. Unfortunately, even she couldn’t prevent dementia in old age. She prays to Jesus every day, always saying she has done something wrong. Let me tell you, don’t believe a word she says. She’s not in her right mind.”
Xiao Yun smirked, without a word. He stood by the wall, reading the newspapers, most of which were medical weekly publications from T city.
Xiao Yun noticed a photo hanging on the wall. By comparing facial features, he identified a woman in her forties, wearing a white coat, in the photograph, presumably the hunched-back woman.
“Young man, do you want some tea?”
“No, thank you. You just take good care of her. Don’t let her wander around. It’s freezing outside. I must go now.”
“Alright, then. Safe travels, and thank you.”noveldrama
Xiao Yun returned to the hotel and heard the bodyguard mention that Master Qing was looking for him. He rushed over to find a completed snowman on the ground.
“Where have you been?” Ye Junqing stood before the snowman, his hands tucked into his down jacket pockets, admiring his handy work.
Xiao Yun said, “I dropped an elderly woman home. Heard a little secret about a baby swap.”
“Hmm?”
Xiao Yun lit a cigarette and said, melodramatically, “There lives an elderly woman nearby who was an obstetrician when she was young. She allegedly swapped a healthy male infant with a sick female infant. Consumed by guilt, she recalls only this incident in her dementia days, plagued by remorse over her illicit act.”
Ye Junqing, staring at the cigarette in Xiao Yun’s hand, said in a deep voice, “Put it out. Don’t let my son inhale secondhand smoke.”
Xiao Yun was taken aback. “Master Qing, when did you have a son?”
“I will soon. We’re trying,” he said, with a hint of smugness as if he already had a son.
Xiao Yun extinguished the cigarette in his hand, speechless: “…”
As Ye Junqing headed indoors, he continued talking, “It serves her right. Those who sin must pay the price. The two families affected by her action, at least one of them, had to endure immense pain. I wonder which child it was. You should look into it.”
“Is that really necessary?”
Ye Junqing, stepping inside, threw out another boastful statement: “I’m accumulating good deeds for my son in advance so that God can bless him with a safe life. You, a bachelor, wouldn’t understand the concern a father, like myself, has for his son.”
###Chapter 686: Chapter 686: Another Mess, But Still My Treasure_1
Ye Xingguang woke up to a pleasant aroma. As she opened her eyes, she saw Ye Junqing holding a delicious breakfast near the bed.
With his left hand holding a white porcelain plate and the right swirling a piece of bacon in front of her nose, Ye Xingguang took a deep breath. The enticing scent lured out all her cravings, “It smells so good.”
Just as she was about to take a bite, the wretched man only teased her with the bacon. Just as she opened her mouth, he put the bacon into his mouth. Ye Xingguang grabbed the white blanket with both hands, yawning and glaring at him.
Ye Junqing laughingly stared at her, with tenderness and affection in his eyes: “Get up, brush your teeth, then you can eat.”
“I don’t want to get up.” She was feeling lazy and wanted to continue sleeping. As soon as she turned her body, she saw the snowy world outside her window and “Wow!” she exclaimed, leaping from the bed and reaching the bedside with bare feet, her eyes wide with disbelief.
“It’s so beautiful. How come there are two snowmen outside the window too, um…”
She turned back and looked at the man with a surprised look: “Did you make them?”
After uttering this, she turned back to continue gazing at the window, admiring the snowman couple. She fetched her phone and began to take pictures frantically through the glass window, all the while feeling regretful: “Why didn’t you wake me up to make them together?”
“You were sleeping like a pig, you wouldn’t even wake up to eat.” Ye Junqing held the plate and walked over to her with long strides, offering another piece of bacon to her. This time, Ye Xingguang grabbed and swallowed it quickly, chewing, delicious.
After finishing, she opened her mouth wanting more, just like a little greedy cat.
The key issue was that the expression of the greedy cat asking for food was too cute, leaving him powerless. He barely managed to insist on dental hygiene: “Go brush your teeth.”
“No, I want to eat now and brush my teeth later.”
She was being seduced by delicious food early in the morning. She did not want to brush her teeth now, but wanted to be fed. Plus, a certain man was so passionate last night, he wore her out and now she urgently needed to regain her strength.
Otherwise, where would she find the strength to brush her teeth?
Anyway, Ye Xingguang had her reasons. And Ye Junqing was helpless and full of indulgence, “Fine, even if you’re not being proper, you are still my darling. Settled.”
Ye Xingguang playfully chewed on her food, now that’s more like it.
She noticed a red rose placed on the window outside. It was exceptionally eye-catching in the world of ice and snow. She opened the window, took the red rose into her hands and waved it around: “Did you give this to me?”
“A handsome man gave it to you.”
“Eh…Where’s the handsome? He’s not handsome at all, only bad.”
Ye Xingguang was too proud to admit it, but when she looked at him, she had to admit, he really was incredibly handsome.
She picked up her phone and began to take pictures of him openly, all while saying, “Don’t you dare menacingly order me to delete the photos.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing handed her a pair of fluffy slippers. His usually proud eyes and eyebrows were filled with resignation, “Can we not dig up the past? Hurry up and put them on, don’t let your feet get cold.”
“Humph, I remember it all, why wouldn’t I bring it up? Women love bringing up the past, otherwise why would they be called women?”
Thinking back to that time at the swimming pool where she secretly took pictures of him, but he forcefully ordered her to delete them, Ye Xingguang was angry, “Why couldn’t you just allow me to take a few pictures of you?”
Bringing it up, Ye Junqing was full of regret, “I thought you were taking pictures of Han Chengbei.”
“Ah?…Ha, so…” the reason he was angry was out of jealousy?
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, will continue tomorrow, seeking monthly tickets, seeking recommendation tickets, if you have any, please give them to me~]
###Chapter 687: Chapter 687: Not My Biological Daughter of My Parents? _1
“What are you laughing about, what’s so funny?” Ye Junqing irritatedly handed the plate in his hand to her, and then, wrapping her waist from behind, he had her petite body in his embrace, smelling her hair’s perfume, and started grumbling. “Who knew the person you were filming was me?”
Ye Xingguang turned her head, just to meet his deep and gloomy black eyes, she had a bright gleam in her eyes as she laughed, “Well, you could have asked, couldn’t you?”
How could he have put his pride aside and asked her who she was filming at the time? This topic was not worth continuing, Ye Junqing changed the subject: “Want to go skiing?”
“I can’t.”
“I’ll teach you.” After saying that, he added: “As long as you take protective measures, don’t reveal your mermaid tail.”
Ye Xingguang hummed in agreement: “Are skiing shoes waterproof?”
More than just waterproof, they’re also insulated against the cold.
After breakfast, Ye Junqing took her skiing. This area has a famous skiing resort. In this world now, many tourists come to ski. She wore a rented skiing outfit, armored from head to toe, and was led by Ye Junqing to the parts suitable for beginners.
Although she had never been skiing, Ye Xingguang found it easy to learn. It felt just like her experience surfing on the ocean waves. She quickly mastered the skills, and after feeling confident about her technique, she started showing off and insisted on going to the more challenging parts of the slope, causing Ye Junqing to worry.
They played from morning until the afternoon. Ye Xingguang had finally had enough fun, and when they were about to return to the hotel for a meal, Xiao Yun called to announce that he had found out about the old lady’s act of baby-switching.
Ye Junqing was somewhat surprised, with one arm wrapped around his wife and the other holding the phone, he asked: “So soon?”
Xiao Yun said on the phone: “The old lady remembered it herself. After a little prodding, she spilled everything. Master Qing, you should come back to the hotel. It’s a good thing you asked me to check. This matter surprisingly has something to do with Miss Ye.”
“Xingguang?” Ye Junqing subconsciously looked down at the little mermaid in his arms.
Hearing her name, Ye Xingguang titled her head and looked at Ye Junqing with surprise.
What did Xiao Yun mean by saying on the phone that it had something to do with her and this baby-switching?
“Ah, the target of the old lady’s baby-switching turns out to be the child of Miss Ye’s foster mother. While I was coaxing information out of the old lady, the television was broadcasting a video filmed by the assistant of the S country’s diplomat. This video was taken yesterday evening at the entrance of the hospital’s villa. The old lady immediately recognized the mother of Miss Ye in the video, she was very emotional and kept bowing and apologizing towards the TV.”
Ye Junqing’s eyes suddenly darkened: “I see, we’ll talk about it back at the hotel.”
After ending the call, Ye Junqing met Ye Xingguang’s questioning gaze and explained, “This morning, Xiao Yun heard a rumor. There’s an old lady here who confessed that when she was an obstetrician, she switched a healthy male infant with a sick female one. I asked Xiao Yun to investigate it, and didn’t expect it to be related to our mum. I was unaware of our mom having a biological child. Why haven’t you ever mentioned it?”
“What do you mean? My parents do have a biological daughter. Not long after she was born, the doctor diagnosed her with neonatal cholestasis. She developed cirrhosis when she was three months old, and died at eight months.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was shocked and covered her mouth with her hands, “That can’t be, right? The sister who has long passed away…was not my parents’ biological daughter? This… ”
“We shouldn’t jump to conclusions right now. Let’s discuss it when we’re back at the hotel.”
###Chapter 688: Chapter 688: You Must Help Me Find My Brother_1 
Ye Xingguang nodded. If someone really switched a healthy son from someone else with a sick daughter, it’s simply intolerable! 
The two of them rushed to the hotel as quickly as possible. Once back at the hotel, Ye Xingguang called her mother to ask who was the obstetrician who delivered her? 
Bai Lanwu picked up the phone and was bewildered. “Xingguang, why are you asking this?” 
“No reason, just asking.” Before anything was certain, Ye Xingguang didn’t reveal anything. 
Bai Lanwu pondered it for a moment: “I’ve forgotten.” 
Ye Xingguang reminded, “Was it Xu Qian?” 
“It seems her name was Xu, it has been so long, I can’t remember anymore.” 
“Mom, I have to go. I’m sending you a picture, take a look and see if it’s the doctor in the photo.” 
“Alright.” 
After hanging up the phone, Ye Xingguang sent Bai Lanwu the photo of the old lady when she was young that Xiao Yun had taken. 
Bai Lanwu replied via WeChat voice message: “Yes, it’s Dr. Xu. What’s going on?” 
“Nothing Mom, I was just curious. When sis was born, did you see her right away? Was Dad by your side at the door of the delivery room?” 
“Of course, your father was very nervous. If the doctors hadn’t forbid him to enter the delivery room, he surely would have accompanied me. Xingguang, I don’t want to talk about this topic.” 
Because losing her biological daughter was a hidden pain in her heart and whenever she thought of it, she would be plagued with sorrow for half the day. 
“I’m sorry, Mom, for bringing up your old sadness. My sister in heaven must have become an angel.” 
After sending this voice message, Ye Xingguang didn’t continue to bring up her mother’s past sorrow. 
Then, she turned to Xiao Yun with a tense face, “Xiao brother, did the old lady tell you how she performed the child switch?” 
Xiao Yun said, “The old lady narrated that a wealthy lady wanted to have a son, but ended up with a sick daughter instead. This would greatly endanger her position in the family, so the wealthy lady gave her a large sum of money to find a healthy baby boy for her. After which, the old lady bribed two junior nurses, and right after attending to another mother just after childbirth, she switched the babies…” 
Ye Xingguang furrowed her brows, “So, the baby was switched before it had even left the maternity ward? Do you know who the other wealthy lady was?” 
Xiao Yun confirmed it, “The old lady herself can’t remember. All she remembers is switching the babies. Now she has Alzheimer’s disease. If we want to find out the truth, I’m afraid we have to find the other two nurses involved.” 
Ye Xingguang’s fingers clenched tightly. If her mother’s daughter was really switched in the maternity ward, her parents would be aggrieved. However, if they found out the truth and found their biological son, it would be a pleasant surprise for them. 
Ye Xingguang turned to look at Ye Junqing, “You must help me find my brother.” 
“Don’t worry, I will get to the bottom of this.” noveldrama
After speaking, he held her trembling body in his arms, “Don’t be upset. This is a good thing. If we find this cousin, our parents would have one more biological son. For them, this would be a surprise blessing from heaven.” 
“But I’m still angry, how can they do this! Investigate, let’s investigate right now. Find those two nurses, find that wealthy lady, I will tear her apart. How dare she steal my parents’ son! Causing my parents to bear the pain of losing a daughter?”
###Chapter 689: Chapter 689: Mom and Dad, Don’t Get Excited Yet _1 
Now, she had no desire to play around. She could only think of helping her parents find her brother as soon as possible, and by evening, she boarded a flight back to the Imperial City. 
In the living room of the Ye’s Family house, after discussion with Song Chuanqi, Bai Lanwu decided not to publicly reveal that she is the daughter of the Bai family. Although being an illegitimate daughter of the president wasn’t a big deal, it was still not very honorable and was sure to be touted about. 
Song Chuanqi was worried that his wife would feel humiliated, but Bai Lanwu said, “It’s nothing. I don’t care about the idle gossip out there, and being labeled as an illegitimate daughter really can’t hurt me. After all, I have no feelings of inferiority for being one. Besides, who cares if I am an illegitimate daughter now? The news on the internet today is all about me becoming the Crown Princess Consort of the S country. You have bestowed upon me infinite honor already.” 
Song Chuanqi didn’t say anything, only holding his wife’s hand tightly. 
If it weren’t for the honor of the Ye’s Family, he would never have willingly become Song Chuanqi thirty years ago. noveldrama
Back then, he was afraid that if he revealed that the soul of the Crown Prince of S country was residing in the body of the eldest son of the Ye’s Family, the state would be wary of the Ye’s Family and suppress them. Therefore, he kept the secret to himself, telling only his second brother to keep an eye on Ye Baixiu. 
Over the years, Ye Baixiu indeed didn’t use his identity as the elder son of Ye’s Family to seek personal gains for S country, and even fostered a good relationship between the two countries. 
However, Song Chuanqi never let down his guard. Now that Ye Baixiu’s son has become the President, he needed to be even more vigilant. If the President of A country were to seek benefits for S country, the consequences for his own nation were unimaginable. Unfortunately— 
Song Chuanqi himself had no son, otherwise, he would have sent his son to S country to take a leading position. That way they could keep each other in check. 
Bai Peiluan and Ye Baixiu sat across from them. Upon hearing her sister’s words, Bai Peiluan felt ashamed and touched, “But, sister, I don’t want people to mock your identity. It’s not even your real identity. As long as Baixiu doesn’t mind my identity, I’m not afraid of anything now…” 
Bai Lanwu said, “It’s not about whether you are afraid or not, it’s about your two sons. I don’t have a son, but if I had one, I would also think for my son. Alright, let’s leave it at that. As long as you treat Ye Xingguang properly in the future, that’s enough.” 
At this moment, Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang came in from outside. 
Bai Lanwu was surprised, “Didn’t you say you were going skiing? Why are you back so soon? You should have stayed and played for a few more days.” 
“I missed you and Dad.” 
Ye Xingguang walked up to her and wrapped her arm around Bai Lanwu’s, leaning affectionately against her. 
On the way, she had already discussed with Ye Junqing and decided to tell her parents about the matter, “Mom, during our skiing trip, we stumbled upon some information. I’m telling you now, but promise me you won’t get agitated.” 
“What’s the matter? You seem worried.” 
“Dad, you too don’t get agitated.” 
Song Chuanqi smiled at his daughter, “What, are you pregnant? Your mother and I will become grandparents soon?” 
“Ah? Really? Xingguang, are you already pregnant?” Bai Peiluan immediately exclaimed with joy. 
Ye Xingguang rubbed her forehead, “No, not so fast. Mom, Dad, when Junqing and I were at the resort, we met the obstetrician who delivered me. She personally admitted that she had swapped the healthy baby boy you had given birth to with a sick baby girl. Mom, the child that you originally gave birth to for dad was a boy, not a girl. You and dad have a son, and he is surely still alive.”
###Chapter 690: Chapter 690 New Discovery_1 
When those words fell, the living room fell silent for a good while. 
A full minute later, Song Chuanqi finally said in a deep voice, “Xingguang, what nonsense are you talking about?” 
From the beginning to the end, Bai Lanwu didn’t say a word. Her mind was still in a daze, and she didn’t believe what Ye Xingguang had said at all. 
“Dad, I’m not talking nonsense. I would never make blind assumptions about things that are not certain. If Jun Qing and I didn’t run into the OB/GYN doctor who saw mom all those years ago while we were on vacation, I’m afraid this matter would have been buried forever and no one would have known about it.” 
Ye Junqing, standing by, thought to himself this must be the case. At least from what he remembered, this had never happened before. His father-in-law died without knowing he had another biological son out there in the world. 
Tears were already rolling down Bai Lanwu’s cheeks unnoticed. Her lips trembled slightly, “Xing…Xingguang…you can’t… joke about such things with your mother…this…this is impossible.” 
“Mom, I’m not joking…” 
Ye Xingguang confessed all the details she had learned. “All we don’t know yet is who the noblewoman who swapped the babies is. But Junqing has already got people onto it. Mom, I’m really not joking about this.” 
There was a loud “bang” as Song Chuanqi, overcome with anger, smashed his teacup on the floor. 
This was outrageous! 
It was simply outrageous! 
He, Song Chuanqi had a son, and he didn’t even know about it! 
Bai Lanwu was now sobbing uncontrollably, unsure of how to process this information. 
Bai Peiluan gestured for Ye Xingguang to make room and then sat next to Bai Lanwu. “Sister, this is a good thing. Don’t cry. I’ll make sure Junqing finds our nephew. I’ll call Shiting to send people to investigate. He can work more efficiently.” 
Bai Lanwu nodded, her voice trembling severely, “Peiluan…I…can’t believe it. I was supposed to have a daughter.” 
“Xingguang definitely wouldn’t joke about this kind of thing. I’m going to call Shiting now. We’ll find our dear nephew and then we’ll all be reunited. Junqing will even have an older brother-in-law.” 
Bai Lanwu couldn’t control her voice, “Then make the call.” 
“Alright, I’ll call now.” 
… noveldrama
“Ah ah ah, who’s coming for hotpot tonight? I have already ordered it. The restaurant will deliver the food and the pot right to our door. Who wants to come? @Ye Xingguang @Ye Junqing @Ji Qishu @…” Tang Zhou tagged a bunch of people in the family group chat. 
Unfortunately, everyone else was busy and couldn’t spare the time, so no one responded to him. 
Having hotpot by himself was just too boring, so Tang Zhou tagged Ye Xingguang again, “My guardian angel, come for hotpot.” 
Ji Qishu: “When did she become your guardian angel?” 
Tang Zhou: “From now on, little Xingguang is my guardian angel. @Ye Xingguang, come for hotpot. I’ve ordered a lot of food from the hotpot restaurant. My minion and I can’t finish it all. There’s enough for everyone in the group, come join us!” 
Ye Xingguang: “I’m not in the mood. You guys have fun.” 
Tang Zhou: “What’s wrong? Didn’t you just get back from a vacation in the snow? I saw your Moments.” 
Ye Xingguang: “I just found out that my parents’ biological daughter, who died young, was not their biological daughter at all. Their biological son was swapped by someone else. It’s driving me crazy!!!!” 
Tang Zhou: “What? Tell me quick.” 
Ye Xingguang then recounted the incident in the group chat. She held down the voice button on WeChat and sent three whole voice messages before she finished explaining the situation. 
As Tang Zhou was cooking the hotpot and listening to Ye Xingguang’s story, he was so furious that he almost rolled up his sleeves, “This is too outrageous!!! Don’t you agree, little minion? This is simply beyond conscience!” 
Without hearing an echo from Leng Chenmo, Tang Zhou was extremely displeased. When he looked up, he found Leng Chenmo’s face dark and terrifying.
###Chapter 691: Chapter 691: How Can Things Be So Coincidental?_1 
Tang Zhou asked in surprise, “Hey, what are you doing? What are you eating that tastes so bad? Why has your face turned so pale?” 
The hand that Leng Chenmo was holding the chopsticks with had involuntarily tensed up. However, in response to Tang Zhou’s words, he just shook his head. 
“It’s nothing. Since nobody else is eating, we can eat it ourselves.” 
Tang Zhou looked at the table filled with food. “Can the two of us finish all this? Overeating is one thing, but I don’t want to get diarrhea from eating too much. Last time Xiao Xingguang had a hot pot and ate some tainted tripe, he had to stay at the hospital for five or six days with nausea and diarrhea. I have to be careful.” 
Leng Chenmo dropped some cooked lamb into Tang Zhou’s dipping sauce dish. “If we can’t finish it, we can save it for lunch tomorrow.” 
Tang Zhou wasn’t convinced. He sent a few more messages in the chat group asking if anyone wanted to join for the hot pot. However, after confirming that no one was coming, he had to give up. It seemed like he was destined to get ill from overeating tonight. 
But it didn’t matter. He decided to live a healthier lifestyle after this meal. 
He had secretly filled out a form to have a child but didn’t know how to tell Leng Chenmo. He was feeling so torn. “Hey, you said the other day that many of your friends already have children and that you also wanted to be a father. Were you serious?” 
Engrossed in his thoughts, Leng Chenmo didn’t respond to Tang Zhou. 
Tang Zhou felt disappointed. It seemed that this man didn’t really intend to have a child with him. 
Feeling increasingly irritated, Tang Zhou believed he was falling too deeply for Leng Chenmo’s charm and his overblown fantasy of having a baby together with him was causing unease. The more he thought about it, the more frustrated he became. 
“Never mind, forget what I just said.” Tang Zhou continued eating his hot pot, focusing on the duck’s blood, his favorite. 
“What did you say just now?” Leng Chenmo, coming out of his reverie, asked after a while. 
Burning his tongue on the hot duck’s blood, Tang Zhou hissed and snapped, “Forget it!” 
“Speak.” 
Tang Zhou, holding back his annoyance, glared at Leng Chenmo. “I said it was nothing. Aren’t you annoyed with always talking, even while eating?” 
Leng Chenmo: “…” 
Leng Chenmo was always tolerant of Tang Zhou’s bad temper, he never quarreled with him, instead he patiently explained, “I apologize, I was deep in thought and didn’t hear what you said.” 
Tang Zhou, feeling a bit mollified, queried, “Oh, what were you thinking about?” 
Thinking about what? 
Leng Chenmo fished a piece of beef roll from the hot pot and tasted it. He was contemplating how his entire life had been devoted to his family only to be disowned upon seeing a paternity test not affirming Leng’s family bloodline. 
These days, he had been searching for information about his heritage, but his deceased mother had erased all traces of his past. Unless he questioned her grave, he wouldn’t be able to discover his own roots. 
Leng Chenmo shook his glass of liquor in his hand. The only information he could retrieve was that he was born prematurely in T city during his mother’s visit to her hometown and was delivered at the people’s hospital of T city. However, when he tried to retrieve his birth records, he found out that all the records of kids born in that year were burnt in a fire. He had investigated and found out it was his uncle who had arranged for the fire… 
Earlier, when he heard Tang Zhou chatting with Ye Junqing’s woman on WeChat, he couldn’t help but think more about his own origins. 
But… noveldrama
Leng Chenmo drained his glass, laughed bitterly, and mused – What are the odds of such a coincidence in this world?
###Chapter 692: Chapter 692 Upgraded Leng Chenmo_1 
Tang Zhou tapped his chopsticks on the table three times, “Hey, are you spacing out again? Which beauty are you thinking of?” 
Leng Chenmo replied, “Not thinking about anything. After dinner, let’s go to Ye Junqing’s place for a bit, take a walk, and digest our food.” noveldrama
“Deal. If it weren’t for the responsibilities, I would go mooch off of Junqing’s cooking every day. It’s all your fault that I started eating my meals like a good boy at home,” Tang Zhou complained. 
Several seconds later, Leng Chenmo, his face cold, curved his lips into a smile that Tang Zhou didn’t understand, “Responsibilities?” 
Tang Zhou was sweating profusely from eating hot pot, and he vigorously fanned himself with his shirt collar, “Yeah, got a problem with that? Damn it! What I mean is, I can’t just bring my little sidekicks to mooch off of him too, don’t overthink it, I’ll exterminate you if you do!” 
“I wasn’t overthinking it in the first place,” Leng Chenmo continued to smile. 
Damn it, Tang Zhou wanted to kill him, but how could he when right in front of his eyes, his little sidekick’s good looks were absolutely captivating? 
Tang Zhou suddenly stood up from his seat, ran to his bedroom, and from his secret stash, found a cat-ear headband. He rushed back to the dining room and proceeded to put it on Leng Chenmo’s head. 
Leng Chenmo, who had been caught off guard while eating hot pot, froze momentarily, his calm exterior unchanging, while Tang Zhou, who had returned to his seat, was already: “Hahahahaha…” 
Unable to stop laughing! 
“Childish, isn’t it?” Leng Chenmo raised an eyebrow. 
“Where’s the childishness? Don’t you dare take it off, or I’ll kick you out and have you sleep in the streets.” Tang Zhou was laughing so hard he could barely contain himself, while he fumbled for his phone, “Wait a second, I’ll open the beauty filter camera, take a unique picture of you and put it on Moments, with the caption: My sweetheart!” 
Leng Chenmo, who had intended to take off the cat ears, upon hearing the phrase “My sweetheart”, abruptly halted his action, gracefully continuing to pick food from the grid with unabashed leisure… 
He picked a duck foot bone from the grid and put it in his mouth. His elegant movements and noble way of eating, captured on camera, were simply too captivating. Tang Zhou, who had initially intended to take a photograph, ended up recording a video instead. 
Hahaha, the boss of the former Leng Family, now wearing cat ears and eating hot pot, was simply too magical and down-to-earth! 
Tang Zhou couldn’t stop grinning, “Shall I really post it?” 
“Go on, eat and drink whatever you want, do as you please.” 
“Hahaha, I have many influential friends in my Moments. They will definitely be shocked, Ahh, I can’t wait to see the comments, I’m posting it now.” 
Leng Chenmo took out his own phone, opened Moments and sure enough, saw the video Tang Zhou posted, where he added a comment: [Check out my sweetheart! You ain’t seeing wrong, this is his upgraded version under my training!] 
Tang Zhou felt that Leng Chenmo was definitely going to kill him. But to his surprise, he immediately saw the upgraded version of Boss Leng giving him a like. 
Tang Zhou: “!!!!!!!!” 
People are truly pitiful when they are poor, bearing humiliation and indulging him to this extent! 
After they finished eating hot pot, his Moments already received over thirty comments: 
—”This is definitely not the Leng Chenmo I know!” 
—”Tragedy of one fallen from grace and bait for a dog!” 
—”Am I the only one who thinks Chenmo looks really cool and warm like this? Madly screen licking~”
###Chapter 693: Chapter 693: Heaven is arranging for your father-son reunion_1 
Oh my~ Who dares to lick the screen? 
Tang Zhou directly responded with three bloody knives, no mercy at all! 
Having eaten and drank his fill, Leng Chenmo casually took off the cat ears from his head and put them on Tang Zhou, who was responding to comments, calling him to go out. 
The two took a walk to Ye Junqing’s villa. At the moment, everyone in the house was sitting in the dining room for dinner, but Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi, the married couple, obviously had lost their appetite; their hearts were entirely with their son who was out there somewhere. 
Tang Zhou walked in briskly with cat ears on his head. The cat ears could shine, matching perfectly with his well-preserved face; he looked completely like a teenager of eighteen or nineteen. It was too much, but unfortunately, no one was in the mood to appreciate it at the moment. 
Of course, Leng Chenmo, who followed closely behind, appreciated it all the way. No matter how he looked at it, he found it pleasing to the eye. 
Ye Xingguang was making a WeChat video call with Chang Danran. Chang Danran was a doctor at T City Hospital, so he must know the hospital better than them. 
In the video, Chang Danran found it unbelievable: “Such a thing happened? I asked about it. Dr. Xu Qian really was a gynecologist in our hospital and only retired five years ago. But the birth records of the hospital from twenty-eight years ago are almost gone now. There was a big fire in our hospital, and many records were burned in the fire. There weren’t many electronic records in the past due to the limited conditions. It’s hard to investigate this… Do you know the names of those two nurses?” 
Ye Xingguang shook his head: “I don’t know. Doctor Xu has Alzheimer’s disease and can’t hear well. It’s hard to ask her anything now. Doctor Chang, could you ask around for me about boys born around January 1st, twenty-eight years ago, whose mothers were from good families, maybe even a noblewoman…” 
“Xingguang, don’t worry, I’ll ask first. If such a thing really happened, the dean would definitely hold someone accountable. I’ll go directly to the dean and let him help with this investigation.” 
“Ok, thank you, Dr. Chang. Will you come to take care of my dad tomorrow? Where do you live? I’ll have a car pick you up tomorrow.” 
“I’ll first drop off Xiaoman at the kindergarten in the morning, then come over.” 
“Ok.” 
While the two were having a video call, Leng Chenmo had already taken a seat at the end of the dining table. A servant brought him a cup of tea. He took the cup and sat there as an observer. His complex eyes couldn’t help but look at Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu… 
He didn’t participate in the discussions at the dinner table. He relaxed his body against the back of the chair, but his fingers were pinching the lid of the teacup, flipping it rhythmically, his expression profound and deep. 
Could there be such a possibility? 
A hint of darkness flashed in Leng Chenmo’s eyes. He didn’t want to let his imagination run wild before confirming. noveldrama
Tang Zhou still had a restless nature and couldn’t keep quiet anywhere. Although the topic had nothing to do with him, he managed to put in his two cents: “Wow! Junqing bro, you must help Xiaoguang find the person. If you find him, he will be your uncle!” 
Wow! In this case, Brother Junqing will have two uncles, one is Xia Ye Zhao, and who will the other one be? 
Curiosity killed the cat. Tang Zhou shook the cat ears on his head. 
Ye Baixiu saw the heavy atmosphere at the dinner table, raised his wine glass and said, “Father-in-law, don’t be so down. This is a good thing. We will definitely find your nephew. As the saying goes, there is a divine hand at work. Junqing and Xingguang can discover such a big secret just by taking a casual trip. It’s obviously heaven arranging for your father-son reunion.”
###Chapter 694: Chapter 694: Conduct a Paternity Test for Him and Me_1 
Song Chuanqi picked up his teacup, his mood fluctuating between joy and anger. After clinking cups with Ye Baixiu, he said, “I hope so.” 
After taking a sip, he put down the teacup, yet his mood did not lighten up: “I don’t know if the child will recognize Lan Wu and me if we find him. We haven’t fulfilled our parental duties even for a day!” 
“Dad, he certainly will. You didn’t abandon my brother willingly, he was swapped with someone else. If my brother doesn’t acknowledge you, I will beat him until he calls you dad,” Ye Xingguang rolled up her sleeves, looking very domineering. 
If her brother refuses to acknowledge their father, she will beat him until he does. 
Bai Lanwu was still wiping her tears, but she burst into laughter at her words: “You child… all right, all right, don’t let us ruin everyone’s mood for the meal. You must be hungry, let’s eat, Chuanqi, let’s eat too. We need to keep ourselves healthy so that our son will recognize us. After all, which son would want a weak father to take care of him in old age?” 
“I don’t need him to look after me in my old age, I just need…” Song Chuanqi’s voice choked up before he could finish his sentence. 
How could Bai Lanwu not know what her husband wanted to say? They didn’t lack someone to look after them in their old age, they just wanted to find their biological child, if there really was one… 
Actually, even now, Bai Lanwu did not dare to harbor great expectations. She felt it was somewhat unrealistic and feared that the greater the hope, the greater the disappointment… 
Leng Chenmo pulled out his phone and found a contact among a pile of WeChat avatars, and sent them a message. 
Leng Chenmo: [Help me with something.] 
The other person: [Bro Leng, are you asking me to kill Tang Zhouzhou? He dared to have you wear cat ears. The video has spread like wildfire in many chat groups. I must kill Tang Zhouzhou, he’s too cocky! What does he think you are, a pet cat at home? It was fine when he was just bossing you around, but now he has you wearing cat ears to entertain the public!] 
Having read a lengthy WeChat message, Leng Chenmo only replied in two words: [Voluntary] 
The other person: [A beauty is indeed a calamity!] 
Ignoring the other person’s complaints, Leng Chenmo said: [Help me obtain DNA samples from Mr. Song Chuanqi when the nurse who has been taking care of him at T University’s affiliated hospital, who is coming to change his dressings tomorrow. Then find a paternity testing agency for me, I want to take a paternity test with him.] 
The other person was shocked: [Mr. Song Chuanqi? The Crown Prince of the State of S that everyone has been talking about these days? Brother Leng, what do you mean? Are you saying that you are his son?] 
Leng Chenmo: [Not sure.] 
However, he had been searching for so long and even if there was only a one percent chance, he did not want to miss any opportunity to find his biological parents. 
The other person: [Brother Leng, I’ll arrange it immediately.] 
Leng Chenmo: [Mhm.] 
The other person: [Brother Leng! Don’t you intend to move out of the Ye’s family residence? If you continue to indulge Tang Zhouzhou, won’t your image be ruined? You have other places to live though, you can choose any villa owned by your brothers! Please save your image!] 
Regrettably, Leng Chenmo, after reading the text, put away his phone immediately without responding to his friend’s earnest pleas. 
Seeing that Tang Zhou’s cat ears were askew, he reached out and straightened them for him. 
Then, he leaned back in his chair and continued being a quiet observer, although his restrained eyes couldn’t help but glance at Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu’s faces. His lips pressed together in a thin line. Could there be that one percent chance of possibility…? noveldrama
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here. It will continue tomorrow, I am still seeking monthly votes and recommendation tickets. If you have them, please give them to me, thanks~]
###Chapter 695: Chapter 695: The Sneaky Tang Zhou_1 
The next day, the nurse followed Chang Danran to deliver the IV fluids and the medication that the doctor had prescribed after being discharged for Song Chuanqi. During this time, she drew Song Chuanqi’s blood sample for DNA analysis. 
Subsequently, Leng Chenmo also went to the paternity testing institution to have his blood drawn. Once they had both samples for the paternity test, he ordered the test to be conducted. 
Leaving the paternity testing institution’s office building, the sunlight bathed his face, giving it a somewhat hazy and unreal feel. 
The man who accompanied Leng Chenmo was called Duke Ling. Looking at the flashy, ostentatious Lamborghini at the entrance of the office building, he couldn’t help but shield his eyes, “Brother Leng, did you come here in this car today?” 
Leng Chenmo held his car keys, pressed the electronic lock, and was about to get in the car. He glanced at Duke Ling in response to his question: “Is there a problem?” 
“This car completely goes against your personality. It fits Tang Zhouzhou’s style, doesn’t it? It naturally aligns with Tang Zhouzhou’s character. I have many other cars in my garage, why don’t you go choose a more dignified model?” Duke Ling couldn’t bear to watch. 
“No need. Let me know as soon as the results are out.” 
Leng Chenmo opened the door of the blue Lamborghini under Duke Ling’s incredulous gaze and got into the car. 
Duke Ling closed the car door for him and said from outside the car: “Brother Leng, should we get lunch together?” noveldrama
“No, I have things to do.” 
“What else do you have to do? Are you playing the free labourer for Tang Zhouzhou again? What’s so great about that Jun Star Weibo? And how long are you planning to neglect your status? Haven’t the rabble at the Leng Family made you suffer enough by sending you to jail? Now when the Leng Family desperately needs your prowess, aren’t you going to retake the reigns?” 
Leng Chenmo, buckling his seat belt, replied: “No, I’m going to the National Child Rearing Pilot Center.” 
Duke Ling was stunned: “What are you going there for?” 
“I’m going to inquire about having children.” As his voice died away, the car window was simultaneously rolled up. 
Stunned, Duke Ling slapped the car door to ask, “What? Brother Leng, you want a child? With whom? Don’t tell me it’s with Tang Zhouzhou?” 
His response came from the silhouette of the flashy Lamborghini disappearing into the distance. 
Leng Chenmo parked his car at the National Child Rearing Pilot Center. Surprisingly, he saw one of Tang Zhou’s other cars, a silver-gray Bugatti Veyron, in the parking lot. Conveniently, there was a parking space next to the silver-gray Bugatti Veyron, Leng Chenmo parked his car there. After getting out, he inadvertently glanced at Bugatti Veyron’s license plate, and thought, It is Tang Zhou’s. What is his car doing here? 
Tang Zhou, wearing large harem sunglasses and an N95 mask, and even donning the hood of his white sweatshirt, was at the office area in the lobby on the third floor of National Child Rearing Pilot Center, speaking with a staff member at the desk. 
The staff member told him to remove his mask and sunglasses, Tang Zhou exaggeratedly coughed twice, “Apologies, I have a severe cold, that’s why I’m wearing a mask, I’m afraid I might infect you. Anyway, how is a baby conceived? What preparations does the woman need to make? I mean the second option mentioned in your brochure, could you elaborate on that?” 
Hearing the staff member’s detailed description, Tang Zhou frowned tightly, “So you have to extract eggs. That means someone has to see the unspeakable parts, right? How can you do this? Have you considered that girls can be very shy?” 
The staff member patiently explained: “We have professional female doctors, so the psychological pressure should not be too great.” 
“What do you mean it won’t be big? It will be huge! Isn’t there another method that doesn’t invade one’s privacy?” But before he could finish speaking, Tang Zhou looked up and saw Leng Chenmo, who had just walked into the lobby. He was so scared that he immediately ducked under the desk. Why is the little sidekick here?
###Chapter 696: Chapter 696: Leng Chenmo Directly Uses Provocation Method_1 
Tang Zhou was crouching, trying to sneak away under the office desk. 
But just as he reached the end of the desk, his head bumped into a pair of meticulously ironed trousers. He looked up to find Leng Chenmo smiling down at him. 
Damn it… 
Did he really find me? 
Even with a cap, glasses, and a mask on, did this assistant have eyes like a hawk? 
“Isn’t it uncomfortable to keep crouching?” Leng Chenmo asked, a playful gaze on Tang Zhou. 
“I’m tying my shoelaces!” 
Tang Zhou pretentiously untied and retied his canvas shoelaces, the laces that were never loose. He then stood up suddenly, his hands tucked in his hoodie pockets: “What brings you here?” 
“I want a child, so I came for consultation. What about you? The same?” Leng Chenmo teased him with a smirk. 
“Who would be the same as you, I am…” Tang Zhou’s voice halted as he couldn’t think of a good excuse. 
Leng Chenmo leaned in closely and whispered into his ear: “Hm?” 
His single-word, rhetorical question was mild yet edgy, charmingly enticing to the ears. 
After that, he chuckled lightly, whispering into Tang Zhou’s ear: “You want to have a child with me?” 
Tang Zhou’s heart jumped abruptly, his face reddened involuntarily. Feeling the heat creeping up onto his cheeks, he wished he could bolt. 
The only silver lining was that he was wearing a mask and sunglasses, or else his face would have certainly shown his embarrassment. noveldrama
Tang Zhou couldn’t stand this proximity and coughed lightly as he took a step back. Right when he tried to counter Leng’s statements, Leng had already grabbed his wrist and led him towards the consultation window. 
“Damn it, what are you doing?” 
“Since we have the same goal, let’s go ask together. These things should be professionally discussed together.” 
“Who wants to have a kid with you? Stop flattering yourself, okay? I can only tolerate you for a year, and after that year, when my taxes are done, you can get lost. Go find another woman to have a baby!” 
Leng Chenmo simply responded: “I only want to have a child with you.” 
Not knowing how to respond, Tang Zhou gave a dry laugh, and then Leng Chenmo led him back to the consultation window. 
The consultation window had chairs for the visitors. The moment Leng Chenmo seated himself, an unexplained sense of oppression made the staff member, Alexander, uneasy. 
While inquiring about having a baby, Leng Chenmo was much calmer than Tang Zhou. Especially when the matter of collecting eggs from the female was discussed, Leng asked very detailed questions. 
“Can we appoint our own doctor?” 
“Currently, there is no such exception. Our parenting center has doctors specifically for this.” 
The staff answered professionally albeit weakly since they had recognized Leng Chenmo and became nervous. 
“This is still in the experimental phase. Your rules surely have room for flexibility. Why not take this opportunity to create a special channel? Can you inform your superiors about this possibility?” 
Leng Chenmo’s voice was authoritative. It sounded less like a visitor asking a staff, but more like a boss instructing a subordinate! 
The staff was unable to navigate past his imposing aura and ended up nodding involuntarily: “I will report this to my superior. In the meantime, you two can fill out this form.” 
“No need, I’ve filled it out already.” Leng Chenmo took out a sheet of A4 paper from his pocket. 
Tang Zhou standing beside him, glanced a few times, feeling uneasy: “Hey, I haven’t agreed yet.” 
“What? The fearless Tang Zhou is afraid of having a baby?” Leng Chenmo used the provocation tactic, knowing Tang Zhou’s fiery temperament well. One provocation always did the trick. 
As expected, Tang Zhou exploded: “Who said I’m afraid?” 
“All right.” Leng Chenmo smirked: “Any other questions?” 
Tang Zhou: “!!!!!”
###Chapter 697: Chapter 697: It’s Leng Chenmo who wants to board the pirate ship! _1
Leng Chenmo saw Tang Zhou in such a stunned state that his eyeballs were about to drop out, couldn’t help but smile a little more, didn’t care about Tang Zhou’s frustration, and asked the staff, “Is there any more paperwork to be done?”
“No, just wait for a phone call.”
“Hmm.” Leng Chenmo got up, patted Tang Zhou’s shoulder, noticing Tang Zhou still had a stunned expression, applied a little force and squeezed Tang Zhou’s shoulder, “Come on, I’m hungry, take me out for a meal.”
As they left the office, Tang Zhou coughed lightly, “Hey, sidekick, what are you thinking? You really want to have a child with me? You can’t just have a child without considering the consequences, once you give birth, you have to take responsibility for the child, you can’t let the child grow up in a single-parent family.”
“I’m sure I can manage that, depends on whether you’ll turn out to be a crappy mom.” Leng Chenmo laughed enigmatically, “If you end up being a crappy mom, abandon me and the child, the one the child will resent in the future will definitely be you.”
“Damn it! I’m talking to you seriously, can you stop joking?” Tang Zhou rubbed his head in frustration.
Leng Chenmo ignored him, pressed the keys of the car in his hand, and the car lights blinked in the downstairs parking lot.
Tang Zhou was agitated, Leng Chenmo’s strides were bigger than his and he walked in front. Tang Zhou looked at Leng Chenmo’s back. This down-and-out big brother was really crazy. He had gotten himself onto a thief’s boat but didn’t even realize it. Once they had a child, he wouldn’t be able to leave the boat. Tang Zhou couldn’t help but worry for him as he walked away without a care in the world.
But Tang Zhou couldn’t disclose his own morbidity, which was so frustrating!
Whatever, Leng Chenmo is the one who’s getting on the thief’s boat, not him. Why should he even bother himself with this? Ahhh…noveldrama
On the other hand, the Xia’s mansion had already been enveloped by the spread of gloomy news. The online public opinion had put the family under great pressure, pressure from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs didn’t leave them any wiggle room, the news had already reached Country S, and the citizens of Country S were even more furious…
Xia Ye Zhao had been called back home by his parents to deal with the matter.
In the Xia’s living room, Xia Ye Zhao said, “Mom and Dad, you’ve gone too far. How could you go to the hospital and say such things to the parents of Starlight? Not only outsiders can’t stand to hear it, even I can’t stand it!”
Wang Zimei was filled with regret. Instead of helping to solve the problem, her son came to reprimand them. Crying, Wang Zimei said, “That’s enough, stop it. You should be trying to help mom find a solution, not lecturing me like this. I’m your mother, not your subordinate.”
“There’s nothing much we can do at this point but to go to Ye’s Family to apologize in person and issue a written apology.”
Wang Zimei jumped up, “What? You want me to go and apologize humbly to the couple who hid my daughter? And write a written self-criticism in front of the whole nation or even the whole world? You won’t let me live anymore?”
“Shares of Xia Wealth have already hit the limit down (plummeted).”
Xia Ye Zhao knew that at this point probably only the interest of Xia’s Family could make his parents feel the pressure. He directly used data to make his point, “The market value has diminished by 30 billion in the past two days.”
“What… How did it fall so much?”
Xia Wealth’s face was ashen, he cared about money the most.
Xia Ye Zhao continued, “If we don’t eliminate the impact soon, the loss will be even greater. The shareholders are very upset. Making an apology is all there is to it, even a three-year-old knows that you need to apologize when you make a mistake. It’s not a shameful thing. Mom, dad, we need to make a decision as soon as possible, whether ‘face’ is more important or Xia Wealth is more important.”
###Chapter 698: Chapter 698: Who gave you the mentality of superiority?_1
Of course, Xia Family Conglomerate is of utmost importance!
Xia Wealth glared at Wang Zimei, finding her utterly repulsive and became infuriated, “Look at yourself, you don’t look a bit like a lady of high society. Whom did you learn this shrewish behaviour from? You’ve utterly disgraced our whole family!”
Wang Zimei was enraged and began to cry – her husband was not even trying to comfort her. Was it all her fault that he was as irritable as if he had swallowed gunpowder?
“Aren’t you the same? Offering 5 million to the Crown Prince of Country S and calling him Master Song. Now everyone is laughing at us. We are both as guilty for disgracing the family, huh?”
Xia Wealth resignedly sighed, “Who could’ve predicted that he would be the Crown Prince of Country S!”
In retrospect, Xia Wealth wished that he could erase everything that happened at the hospital that evening. But life doesn’t come with a rewind button – it was too late for regrets now. What a streak of bad luck the Xia family had run into recently!
Xia Wealth looked at his seemingly upstanding son, wondering how he ended up raising such an ungrateful child who only knew how to lecture his parents upon return. His daughter was still the considerate one!
Xia Yanyan was still reading comments online, her blood boiling with rage.
“Dad, Mom, stop quarreling. What other options do we have now? Even Han Sen’s older brother called me to persuade you both to apologize. This isn’t just a private matter anymore; it’s an international incident. If not handled properly, we would be traitors of our country. Then my influence as a national treasure among the public would be significantly diminished.”
If only she had known, she should’ve stopped her parents from going out the day before yesterday. Now, other than apologizing, what else could they do?
Xia Yanyan clenched her fist in anger and helplessness. It was frustrating that she, Xia Yanyan, would have to look up to Ye Xingguang, the White Lotus, from now on. She felt so upset that her eyes welled up with tears.noveldrama
When Ye Xingguang saw on the news that the Xia family were going to apologize to her parents, she immediately requested for a leave and drove home.
She did not believe for a second that this heartless couple from the Xia family would truthfully apologize to her parents. She decided she ought to be at home to prevent them from saying anything nasty that could upset her parents again.
When she reached home, several journalists from both local and international media were already outside, cameras in hand.
Navigating through the reporters, she entered the house and saw Wang Zimei bowing deeply in apology to her mother. Foreign diplomats from Country S were also present, making the situation rather serious.
She heard Wang Zimei sobbing and saying how sorry she was, admitting she was wrong and beneath contempt…
Xia Yanyan had accompanied her parents, she never dreamt that her family would be brought to their knees in public one day.
This sense of humiliation! Being made to feel inferior!
Xia Yanyan clenched her fist, but with dozens of cameras trained on her, she couldn’t allow her face to show any signs of displeasure.
“Uncle, Aunt, I am sorry. I apologize for my parents’ inappropriate remarks.”
Among the whole family, perhaps only Xia Ye Zhao felt true shame and remorse. His apology sounded sincere. On the contrary, Song Chuanqi had no interest in any of the high-sounding phrases that came from Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei.
Song Chuanqi said to Xia Ye Zhao, “This incident has nothing to do with you, there’s no need for you to feel guilty. As for Mr. Xia and Mrs. Xia, your apology is laughable to me. So, you feel guilty because of my status? If it was an ordinary citizen instead, would you still feel that your words were not a mistake? I’ve always believed that in our country, everyone is treated as equals. Apparently, this is not the case in your hearts? Who gave you the sense of superiority?”
###Chapter 699: Chapter 699: Xia’s Family’s Apology_1
In front of the cameras, Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei dare not let out a fart, especially Xia Wealth. His heart burns with rage, which he hides beneath a smiling face: “Mr. Song is correct, our self-examination was not profound enough. An insightful word from you is worth ten years of studying. Yet, we still hope you could tell us our daughter’s whereabouts. We were out of our minds with worry.”
Song Chuanqi did not answer but counter asked, “Mr. Xia, why did you abandon your younger daughter initially?”
The reason, of course, was that the young girl was too ugly. If such a daughter was publicly shown, she would definitely be a laughingstock.
After the birth of their eldest daughter, the media propagated that the Xia family’s genes were one of a kind. Many couples participated in mermaid genetic modification, but only his daughter stood out. This glory, how can it be tarnished by the younger daughter?
But then, he had never anticipated that the younger daughter would be such a dark horse.
“Mr.Song, you may not know, we truly did not abandon our younger daughter…”noveldrama
As Xia Wealth started to speak, Song Chuanqi cut him off. He did not want to hear more hypocritical words, and laughed sarcastically, “Because she is ugly and doesn’t bring honor to the Xia family, you can abandon her even when she’s gravely ill? How much shame did you have to swallow today to have the audacity to come here to ask for your daughter?”
Xia Wealth was left speechless, but he was not willing to give up. After a while, he said, “Mr. Song, we truly owe our daughter a lot, but after all, my daughter is a citizen of country A, while you are from country S. Our Qiongqiong is a national treasure of A country, not of S country.”
As this issue escalated to an international level, Xia Wealth shifted the focus. He had to let the public know that his younger daughter could not fall into the hands of the crown prince of S country. Otherwise, wouldn’t his daughter become a national treasure of S country? That would be a huge loss for the country.
Sure enough, after his words were spoken, two diplomats from the A country looked at Song Chuanqi.
“Mr. Song, please tell us the whereabouts of Miss Xia Qiongqiong. From now on, the country will definitely protect her.”
Xia Wealth sighed with relief. Now that the state had stepped in to inquire about his daughter, today’s public apology was not in vain, and all the humiliation he had suffered was worth it.
Who knew that in the next moment, Xia Ye Zhao would stand up and say, “Diplomat Yang, my younger sister has been in contact with me privately. She will not go to S country and become a national treasure of S country. You can rest assured about this. Dad, stop pressing. It is my sister who does not want to come home, not Mr. Song who does not want to let her come home. She is living well in A country and keeping close contact with me.”
“You…” Xia Wealth wanted to say, “shut up!”
However, with all the reporters’ cameras on him, Xia Wealth dared not lose his temper. Giving his son a good cuss out internally, he still managed a smile on his face, “You should have told us earlier that you were in contact with your sister, then we wouldn’t have caused such unpleasantness.”
Xia Ye Zhao glanced at the always tense Ye Xingguang and sighed, “She doesn’t want to go home. Let’s stop disturbing her. We are here today to apologize to Uncle and Aunt. Uncle Xia, we will post public apologies on the official website of Xia Group and in newspapers for ten days. We hope that you and Aunt can accept our apology. We also thank you for saving and raising my younger sister.”
Song Chuanqi looked at Xia Ye Zhao, wondering how such parents raised such a decent lad?
Despite their ugliness, how fortunate they were to have a son like Xia Ye Zhao?
Song Chuanqi couldn’t help recalling his own son, whom he had never met. He wondered what his character was like.
###Chapter 700: Chapter 700 Brother Leng, the paternity test result is out!_1
Song Chuanqi did not want to trouble Xia Ye Zhao, and he certainly didn’t want this incident to escalate further. Considering Xia Ye Zhao’s character, he ultimately accepted the apology.
For the haughty couple who always looked down on others, having to lower their heads and apologise on camera, and then issue an apology in newspapers for ten consecutive days, was a mental torture.
“Let it be, you guys can leave. Let’s put this matter to rest.”
Xia Ye Zhao was utterly embarrassed, “Uncle Song, please forgive me.”
The sight of the Xia Wealth couple and Wang Zimei, as well as Xia Yanyan, expressing their apologies without showing a shred of dissatisfaction amused Ye Xingguang who was standing by the side.
Except it had caused trouble for her brother.
Upon returning home, she wondered how her elder brother would bear the scolding from their unscrupulous parents. The thought of her brother having to accept parents like these made Ye Xingguang’s heart ache.
They didn’t even have to wait to get home. As soon as their car left Ye’s Family estate, Xia Wealth could not contain his anger and scolded Xia Ye Zhao ferociously.
Throughout, Xia Ye Zhao said nothing. He could not comprehend how his parents had become like this.
As soon as the car entered the city, he asked to be let out.noveldrama
Wang Zimei shouted at him, “Where the hell are you going?”
“I am going to pick up my younger brother from school.”
Xia Ye Zhao got off the car and told the driver to keep going. He felt suffocated inside the car. His parents’ behaviour had left him speechless. It was too absurd. He remembered they were not like this when he was young.
At least, before they had joined the Mermaid Transformation Program, they hadn’t changed like this. Did too much power make them like this? Could they not see their shameful actions?
…
Two days later, Leng Chenmo was in the president’s office of Jun Star Weibo, helping Tang Zhou handle the files on his desk.
The tasks that Tang Zhou couldn’t finish in a day were completed by him within an hour. His efficiency made Tang Zhou, who was reading the Xia family’s apology letters published in the newspaper, feel insulted.
“Can’t you work a bit slower?” Tang Zhou complained.
Leng Chenmo laughed, “How much slower do you want me to be? I’m already considering your feelings.”
In fact, he could complete all the work in half an hour, if Tang Zhou wasn’t distracting him by constantly attracting his gaze…
Seeing Tang Zhou lying on the tatami mat, basking in the sun, Leng Chenmo felt that the sight of him relaxing was more beautiful than the endless scenery outside the window. It reminded him of a lazy ragdoll cat.
Having finished his work, Leng Chenmo leaned back on his chair, appreciating Tang Zhou’s profile.
Soon after, his mobile phone on the table vibrated with “Duke Ling” flashing on the screen.
Leng Chenmo answered the call, said a single word: “Speak.”
“Brother Leng, the paternity test results are out!” Duke Ling’s somber voice echoed through the phone.
Leng Chenmo replied, “Send it over, Jun Star Weibo.”
Duke Ling held his forehead at the other end of the phone, “Are you providing free labor for Tang Zhouzhou again at Jun Star Weibo? I won’t go there. I can’t bear the sight of you being bossed around by him. I will have my assistant deliver it to you.”
“Hmm.”
Duke Ling hadn’t peeked at the results, so he didn’t know what they were. He said over the phone, “Brother Leng, let us guys know once you’ve checked the results. If you are truly Mr. Song’s biological son, it’s going to be fun!”
###Chapter 701: Chapter 701: What the Hell is This? _1
“It’s not that fun, besides it might not be.”
After Leng Chenmo finished speaking, he hung up the phone.
During the half-hour wait for the Duke’s secretary to deliver the paternity test report, he relaxed back in his chair. However, his tense nerves didn’t seem to calm down, so his gaze just remained on Tang Zhou.
Leng Chenmo felt that he needed something light-hearted to ease his mind, which is precisely one of Tang Zhou’s specialties, “What are you playing?”
“I’m reading the news, looking at the Xia family’s public apology letter. The more I read, the more relaxed I feel. I’ve decided to keep the Xia family’s apology trending on Weibo for ten days. Let them be heartless and ungrateful.”
Tang Zhou hates evil and can’t stand the Xia parents looking down on people. He must uphold justice!
“You’re pretty good to Ye Junqing’s woman,” Leng Chenmo commented.
“Of course!”noveldrama
Tang Zhou was hoping that one day he would have a chance to take a picture with Ye Xingguang, which would be valuable!
Leng Chenmo thought about how Tang Zhou almost died, his expression turned solemn, “You really should be nicer to her.”
“Isn’t that obvious?”
Tang Zhou unfolded his legs, opened the mobile game page, “Forget it, I’m not reading anymore, I’m going to play a game. Will you join me?”
Leng Chenmo did not play games in the past, but he had started to accompany Tang Zhou in his spare time.
After playing for less than half an hour, an assistant came in and said someone was looking for him.
“Let him in,” Leng Chenmo put his phone aside.
The person who came in was the Duke’s Secretary, who handed the paternity test report to Leng Chenmo with a respectful attitude, “Mr. Leng, this is what Mr. Ling asked me to bring you.”
“Alright, thank you.”
Leng Chenmo took the paternity test report from the Secretary and told him, “You can go now, thank him for me.”
The Secretary bowed and left.
Tang Zhou immediately jumped up from the tatami mat and moved behind Leng Chenmo, curiously peeking over, “What’s that? A paternity test report? Whose paternity report is it?”
Leng Chenmo didn’t utter a word, he opened the folder, took out the paternity test report from it, and directly checked the result at the very end.
…
On the other hand, Tang Xiao laid a document in front of Ye Shiting.
“Mr. President, we’ve found that all the boys born in T City’s hospital at that time, their names are all here,” he explained.
“Within three days before and after Mrs. Song gave birth, in T City Hospital, twenty boys were born. No more than five of them had prestigious families. Among them, the one from the most noble family was Leng’s daughter-in-law….”
“Also, the reason Leng Chenmo was kicked out of the Leng’s family wasn’t as simple as the rumors of power struggles that has been circulating. According to the Leng family member that was interrogated at the police station, Leng Chenmo is actually not Leng Guoyuan’s biological son. That’s why he was stripped of his assets.”
“Could Leng Chenmo perhaps be Mr. Song’s son?”
“Of course, this is just my personal speculation. There are also a few newborn boys from decent backgrounds, so I’m afraid we’ll need to test DNA one by one to confirm the result.”
Tang Xiao’s resources were from the state, which was faster than private investigation. Within just three days, he found all the male newborns’ information. Now, all they needed to do was to test their DNA one by one, and they should be able to find out soon who is Song Chuanqi’s biological son.
…
Inside Junxing’s Weibo office, Tang Zhou had already seen the results of the paternity test. His exaggerated voice echoed, “Holy shit, what’s this? Chenmo, is this your and Little Xingguang’s father’s paternity test report? Biologically father and son?”
###Chapter 702: Chapter 702: The Down-and-Out Big Shot from His Family is Finally on the Rise!_1
Leng Chenmo hadn’t spoken for a while, his restrained eyes staring at the results of the paternity test, his shock seeming to run deeper than even Tang Zhou’s.
Though he had contemplated this possibility, it was merely a thought. Now that the truth was right in front of him, he felt somewhat at a loss.
Leng Chenmo, who usually handles everything with ease and proficiency, suddenly seemed confused, unsure of how to react.
Tang Zhou snatched the paternity report from his hands, his voice shaking the room: “Is this real? When did you have this paternity test done with my uncle? No, wait, why would you have a paternity test done with my uncle? Aren’t you a part of the Leng’s Family?”
Seeing Leng Chenmo sitting in silence, lips tightly sealed, Tang Zhou was frustrated: “Hey, say something. This paternity test is fake, right? It looks absolutely real. If Mr. Song’s looking for his lost son, are you planning to fool him with a paternity test? Are you trying to pass yourself off as the son of the Crown Prince of the S kingdom? Is this your strategy for making a comeback? But wow, that’s smart, man!”
Such an audacious plan!
Leng Chenmo continued to ignore Tang Zhou, which frustrated him even more. “Talk to me!”
“I’m not of the Leng’s family bloodline.” Leng Chenmo said curtly.
“What?”
A few seconds later, Leng Chenmo seemed to calm down. He stood from his chair and walked over to the floor-to-ceiling window, standing with his hands clasped behind his back: “Because I’m not of the Leng’s family bloodline, I left Leng’s Family.”noveldrama
So?
Standing behind Leng Chenmo, Tang Zhou took a moment to process, then realization hit him like a splash of cold water: “Wait, is that why you were overthrown? I always wondered why the Leng’s family would turn its back on you. So, it’s because you don’t have the Leng’s family blood running in your veins and that’s why you left the family?”
Leng Chenmo squinted against the harsh sunlight that shone into his dark eyes.
His silence seemed to be an admission.
From behind, Tang Zhou’s voice held a desperate edge: “You knew you weren’t of the Leng’s family bloodline, so you had a paternity test done with Mr. Song. Did you find something out beforehand? Hey, hey! Hurry up and tell me, I can’t wait any longer!”
Tang Zhou sat back down, leaning in eagerly. The only thing missing was a bag of sunflower seeds.
“As far as I could find out, I was born in T city’s People’s Hospital. According to those close to my mother, she gave birth to a girl who was premature and died shortly after birth due to complications. The difficult pregnancy left her infertile. Unable to bear this outcome, and fearful that her standing in her husband’s house would drop drastically, she secretly swapped the dead girl with a healthy baby boy,” Leng Chenmo said.
“I had been investigating for a long time but couldn’t determine the identity of the family whose baby girl was swapped. However, during that hotpot dinner, I overheard your conversation with Miss Ye, and I began to suspect. That’s why I wanted to do a paternity test, to see if there was such a coincidence…”
Upon hearing this, Tang Zhou shot up, slapping his thigh: “And it turns out you are indeed Mr. Song’s biological son?”
“What the hell, such an unbelievable coincidence? You’re Mr. Song’s biological son, which means you’re the real son of the Crown Prince of the S kingdom? You won’t even need a comeback, oh my god…”
Tang Zhou raced around the office, clutching the paternity test, practically skipping with joy. The underdog of his home was finally rising to fame!!
He didn’t even know why he was so excited. He just couldn’t wait to run into those who had criticized Leng Chenmo and spill the beans about his life. Tang Zhou’s little sidekick had finally made a big splash!
Wait, doesn’t that make him the brother-in-law of the Crown Prince?
[Author’s Note: Today’s updates end here. Continuing tomorrow. Still asking for monthly tickets, recommendations, and votes, if you have them.
Thanks!~]
###Chapter 703: Chapter 703: Quick, Capture My Rainbow Fart_1
Whoa, whoa, whoa, he must immediately share this good news with Qing bro, he must boldly stride to see Qing bro like they don’t even share the same blood!
Tang Zhou ran over in a flurry to pull Leng Chenmo: “Let’s go, go home, we have to tell Qing bro.”
“It’s office hours now.”
Before Leng Chenmo could finish, Tang Zhou grabbed his arm excitedly: “What about office hours? Haven’t you dealt with everything you needed to? My work as Tang Zhou has never been in the office, but at the dining table.”
The two left the office, standing in the elevator, Leng Chenmo was still shaking his head: “Let’s wait, we’ll go eat something.”
“You’re still not ready, huh? The identity of the Crown Prince of the S country indeed requires psychological qualities to accept. Alright, let’s go eat. I need to pat and appease your rainbow ass! Where should we eat? We must find a very high-profile place, the one most liked by people in the circle. Let everyone get a good look at the son of the Crown Prince of the S country!”
Tang Zhou blabbered on, while also pulling out his phone to text in the group chat.
Tang Zhou: @Ye Junqing, whoa whoa whoa, Qing bro, Qing bro, from now on I’ll be your Aunt-in-law!
Ji Qishu: @Tang Zhou, have you had too much to drink?
Tang Zhou: @Ye Junqing, Qing bro, Qing bro, bribe me quickly, give me a big red envelope, I’m your Aunt-in-law!
Unfortunately, Ye Junqing was not active in the group chat.
Fu Zhuo: @Tang Zhou, what the heck is Aunt-in-law? I’m still abroad and dare not return to the Imperial capital, who can tell me, are Qing’s feelings for little Ye Xingguang good lately, I miss all kinds of local food from the Imperial capital everyday.
Tang Zhou: @Fu Zhuo, I’ll send you a cold one, continue enjoying the Northwest wind outside! Aunt-in-law is basically Qing bro’s brother-in-law’s wife!
Fu Zhuo: Isn’t that supposed to be the brother-in-law’s wife? Why did it become Aunt-in-law?
Tang Zhou: Isn’t it Aunt-in-law? Why isn’t it Aunt-in-law?noveldrama
Ji Qishu: [eyeroll][eyeroll][eyeroll], @Tang Zhou is confirmed drunk, he even wants to climb onto Qing bro’s head, don’t tell me little Ye Xingguang acknowledges Leng Chenmo as his god-brother?
Tang Zhou: @Ji Qishu, just wait, I’ll soon blind your dog eyes!
Tang Zhou took a photo of the DNA results and sent it to the group chat, Leng Chenmo discovered it and wanted to prevent him, but it was too late. Tang Zhou was too excited, he stepped out of the elevator joyfully, threw the car keys to Leng Chenmo and continued texting on WeChat.
Tang Zhou: @YeJunqing @Fu Zhuo @Ji Qishu @Ye Xingguang @Ye Shiting, do you see it clearly? Do you? Authentic DNA parental test results, freshly produced DNA parental test results, my little sidekick is Mr. Song’s lost son! Hahaha! The world is indeed magical! Destiny comes so fast like a tornado! My little sidekick is making a comeback!
Ye Xingguang was at work, she was using the desktop version of WeChat, saw that someone @’ed her, so she opened the WeChat group.
When she opened the WeChat group, she saw the texts Tang Zhou had sent.
As if not believing, she rubbed her eyes forcefully. Looking again at the text, every word she recognized, that’s right, exactly what she saw, Tang Zhou said, that his wife Leng Chenmo, is his father’s lost son?
What kind of joke is this?
Ye Xingguang clicked on the photo Tang Zhou sent, looked at it word by word, so shocked she even forgot to breathe. Was this real? Or was it photoshopped?
Ye Xingguang: @Tang Zhou, are you joking with me? Don’t joke about this kind of thing with me.
Tang Zhou: @Ye Xingguang, giving you one second to pat my rainbow ass, immediately call me… call me brother-in-law!
###Chapter 704: Chapter 704: Just a moment, I am almost there_1
Ji Qishu: @Tang Zhou, what’s with the bro-sis title? You should just call her sister-in-law!
Tang Zhou: [Blade][Blade][Blade] Whoever dares to call me ‘sister-in-law’ has a death wish! You must add ‘bro’ in front of ‘sis’!
Ji Qishu: Get a life, I’m not interested in your game. I have loads of stuff to deal with. After your excitement fades, I suggest you to cool down with some water. Stop daydreaming about climbing on top of Bro Qing and Little Starlight.
Tang Zhou: What I said is all true!! Even truer than gold!! Why doesn’t anyone believe me?
Tang Xiao: @Tang Zhou, did Leng Chenmo get his own paternity test done?
Tang Zhou: Big bro, you have to believe me. If not, you don’t deserve to be my brother!
Tang Xiao: @Tang Zhou, I believe you. @Ye Xingguang, we have investigated and found that Leng Chenmo is one of the suspects. If he has really done a paternity test, there is a high chance he is the son your parents are looking for.
Ye Xingguang still can’t believe it: @Tang Zhou, when did he do the paternity test? We were oblivious to this.
Tang Zhou: Hold on, let me ask.
Tang Zhou: The day before yesterday, he charmed a nurse to collect your father’s blood sample while she was drawing blood from him.
Ji Qishu: Us of the Ye’s family are really surrounded by enemy spies top to bottom. @Ye Shiting @Ye Junqing, are you really not going to do anything about it? God knows how many maids and butlers have been bought by other families, and they can easily leak any information.
Tang Xiao: @Ye Xingguang, I suggest your father and Leng Chenmo go to a paternity center and do a paternity test. Extra insurance.
Ye Xingguang, agitated, trembling fingers typing: I am gonna call my dad right now, @Tang Zhou, where is Leng Chenmo?noveldrama
Tang Zhou: We are about to eat, my little sidekick needs some time to accept all this, he is driving now.
Ye Xingguang: Can he turn around and meet my parents? I’m still at work and can’t rush home. I’m afraid if I call my dad now and they can’t meet him, it would be mental agony. Please, @Tang Zhou.
Tang Zhou: @Ye Xingguang, Only if you agree to take a photo with me.
Ji Qishu: Threatening for a photo with Little Starlight?
Tang Zhou: What do you know, mind your own business. @Ye Xingguang, how about it? Agree to a photo and I’ll immediately bring my little sidekick home.
Ye Xingguang: Fine, quickly take Leng Chenmo home. I will call my dad when you guys are close to home.
Tang Zhou: Oh, oh, oh, deal, deal.
After putting down his phone, Tang Zhou looks at Leng Chenmo, focused on driving: “Hurry up, drive home, Little Starlight has called her dad and told him about you. Her dad is so excited he’s about to pass out, he just wants to see you.
Leng Chenmo, gripping the steering wheel, his hand tightens suddenly: “Passing out?”
“Almost passed out, he’s too emotional right now. The situation is critical, only you can alleviate his symptoms, turn around quickly. Little Starlight’s mom is crying non-stop at home!!!” Tang Zhou’s expression is extremely serious.
Leng Chenmo looks at him skeptically. Tang Zhou pinches his thigh hard, mustering a desperately urgent expression: “Turn around quickly. Can I really lie to you? What’s more pressing — eating or recognizing your family?”
Leng Chenmo doesn’t say anything, his mind is somewhat chaotic right now. He wants to have a meal to cool down, but—
Leng Chenmo turns on the left turn signal, moves the car to the leftmost lane, turns around at the intersection ahead, and rushes directly towards Ye’s mansion.
As the car crosses the Moonlight Bridge leading to the central island, Tang Zhou immediately sends a message to Ye Xingguang: [Ok, we’re almost there.]
###Chapter 705: Chapter 705: Is This Child Really Her Son?_1
Upon receiving the message, Ye Xingguang immediately called his father.
Song Chuanqi, who answered the phone, didn’t make a sound for a long while. He was sitting in the courtyard soaking in the sun, a habit suggested by Chang Danran. Bai Lanwu was currently in the kitchen preparing a fruit salad, intending to bring it out to him.
Ye Xingguang said excitedly over the phone, “Dad, Tang Zhou’s brother Tang Xiao has been found through the search. From the male babies who were born around the same time as our deceased sister at the T City People’s Hospital, the one with the most prominent family background is Leng Chenmo’s mother. So, it is very likely that this is true.”
Song Chuanqi remained silent, his facial muscles tense, as a car drove into the yard and stopped.
Tang Zhou got out of the car first, but Leng Chenmo didn’t immediately follow. He just sat in the driver’s seat, looking through the windshield at the unfamiliar middle-aged couple in the yard—Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu.
His hands unconsciously gripped the steering wheel tightly, only to loosen a bit, freeing one hand to search his pocket for a cigarette.
He usually smoked, but wasn’t particularly addicted. Recently, due to family planning, he had thrown away all his cigarettes. Now, without a cigarette available, he had nothing to help moderate his emotions.
Leng Chenmo simply leaned against the back of his seat, silently watching outside the window.
Tang Zhou walked around the car, stood outside the driver’s seat and knocked on the window, “Hey, get out of the car, what are you doing sitting there?”
Leng Chenmo ignored Tang Zhou. He probably needed some personal space to process this unexpected revelation about his origins.
“Humph, what a coward, afraid to even get out of the car to meet his own parents.”
Tang Zhou, however, didn’t face the same psychological pressure and, giddy with excitement, rushed over to Song Chuanqi. With saccharine sweetness, he said, “Uncle, did little Xingguang call you? This is the report from the secret paternity test my Little…Chenmo had done with you. Hot off the press, take a look. The results are genuine. My Chenmo is too nervous to get out of the car to meet you right now, it’s definitely not because he doesn’t want to.”
Too preoccupied to end his phone call, Song Chuanqi accepted the paternity test report from Tang Zhou and started reading.noveldrama
As Song Chuanqi read, Tang Zhou excitedly explained, “The blood sample for the paternity test came from when the nurse made a house call to draw your blood for tests. Because our Chenmo was unsure then, he didn’t want to make a big fuss about it, so we did it secretly. The results prove that he is your long-lost biological son.”
“Crash!”
Bai Lanwu, who was coming out of the kitchen with a tray of fruit salad, upon hearing Tang Zhou’s voice and her hands slipped, dropping the entire tray.
Bai Lanwu’s mind went blank, she merely squatted down automatically to pick up the broken porcelain dish. Herhand was accidentally cut by a piece of it, and blood immediately started flowing from her finger.
Seeing this, the calm Leng Chenmo in the car pushed the car door open and walked towards Bai Lanwu.
He crouched down, his tall body casting a shadow over her, and said, “Don’t bother with it, let me clean it up.”
Leng Chenmo picked up all the broken porcelain pieces from the ground and threw them into a garbage bin. He then asked the housekeeper for a band-aid. When the housekeeper brought it, Leng Chenmo walked over to the dazed Bai Lanwu with the band-aid in his hand. His voice tried to convey mature steadiness, but betrayed a hint of nervousness, “Let me bandage it for you.”
Everyone was taken by surprise, including the bewildered Bai Lanwu.
Bai Lanwu looked at Leng Chenmo, who was carefully attending to her porcelain-cut finger. The tears she had been holding back suddenly broke free, streaming down her face. A lump seemed to form in her throat, stopping any sound from coming out. Could this child… really be… her son…?
###Chapter 706: Chapter 706: Can’t You Talk? Call me Dad!_1
After Leng Chenmo treated Bai Lanwu’s cut finger, he was at a loss for words around the unfamiliar Bai Lanwu. He stood there, lips pressed together, his face appearing particularly icy.
However, Bai Lanwu saw shadows of her husband in his frozen countenance.
No one mentioned it, but seeing the child in front of her now, Bai Lanwu found many expressions strikingly similar to her husband’s.
Through tear-blurred eyes, Bai Lanwu’s lips trembled as she struggled to get out a sentence, “Chi…child, may…may I touch your face? What is your name?”
“Leng Chenmo. Leng as in cold, Chen as in calm, and Mo as in ink.” Leng Chenmo said, every word clear and unequivocal.
“When you furrow your brows, you look especially like Chuan Qi.” She rubbed her eyes fervently, afraid that her blurry vision would obstruct her view, her heart filled with a mix of emotions.
This handsome and mature young man, tall and strong, however, until this moment, she had no idea of his existence. Guilt instantly overwhelmed Bai Lanwu. She didn’t know how to face this son, this godsend?
“I’m… I’m sorry… I… I didn’t know… I didn’t know I had a son.”
She couldn’t let go of her guilt. She only knew she had a daughter, who had died less than a year after her birth. She missed her deceased daughter, even though everyone told her it wasn’t her biological daughter, she still missed her. She failed to take care of someone else’s daughter, yet that someone brought up her own son so well, so handsome, and such a talent.
Originally, she was filled with anger these past few days, resenting the woman who stole her son. Yet now, with Leng Chenmo standing in front of her, she found herself unable to harbor any hate. She felt, that heaven had indeed been merciful to her.
After much twist and turns, an exceptional child had been brought to her, rendering her too incredulous to believe the reality before her.
“It’s not your fault, I understand.” Leng Chenmo let Bai Lanwu’s hand trace her features.
Song Chuanqi finished reading the DNA test report and hung up the phone. Sitting on the reclining chair, he watched Leng Chenmo from five meters away, seeing only his silhouette, which was agonizing and yet filled him with envy towards his wife.
“Cough, cough!”
Song Chuanqi coughed heavily twice, trying to get the mother and son to acknowledge his presence.
Bai Lanwu couldn’t stop her tears, she grabbed onto Leng Chenmo’s arm tightly, as if without this firm grip, everything in front of her would be nothing but a dream.noveldrama
Leng Chenmo noticed the force in Bai Lanwu’s grip on his wrist, he did not break free. Matching Bai Lanwu’s pace, they walked over to Song Chuanqi one after the other.
“Hello.” Leng Chenmo stumbled over words that normally would have come out smoothly in a social setting.
Tang Zhou, standing to the side, exploded at Leng Chenmo: “What do you mean hello? Can’t you speak properly? Call him dad!”
That word couldn’t quite make its way out of Leng Chenmo’s throat yet. Standing upright before Song Chuanqi, he couldn’t utter another word.
Song Chuanqi wasn’t doing much better than Leng Chenmo, father and son were both men of stoic character. They stood there in muted silence.
All Song Chuanqi could do was nod: “Alright, alright…”
He didn’t know what else to say as the three of them were reunited. The yard fell into an unprecedented quietness, to the point where even Tang Zhou was getting antsy for them. Come on, talk! Burst into a tearful embrace! Can’t we have a more touching scene?
###Chapter 707: Chapter 707 Mom, I am your daughter-in-law! _1
Time, in Tang Zhou’s exasperation, had gone past two long minutes. He could no longer hold back and blurted out, “Mom, Dad, I am Tang Zhou, Leng Chenmo’s wife. Leng Chenmo and I won the draw at the civil affairs bureau. You can see I’m a dashing and attractive youth. But don’t be alarmed, I’m actually a girl!”
Tang Zhou felt it was necessary to show off his strength in lightening the mood, “When Leng Chenmo was down on his luck, I took him in. I fed him; I clothed him and all the clothes he wears are bought by me!”
“Down on his luck?” Song Chuanqi narrowed his eyes at Tang Zhou, his voice deepening, “What do you mean?”
Tang Zhou explained indignantly, “The Leng’s family found out he wasn’t of Leng’s bloodline and kicked him out of the home. He then couldn’t afford the single tax and decided to draw a number at the civil affairs bureau, where he drew me. If I hadn’t taken him in, he’d now be living under a bridge eating bread and drinking tap water. Thankfully, I had the foresight, and despite people’s ions, I decided to take him home. How else would you be able to meet such an extraordinary son like Leng Chenmo, right?”
He had to emphasize his kindness, otherwise, what would happen when Leng Chenmo would turn his life around and become the Imperial Grandson of Country S? How would he face him?
Tang Zhou was seriously worried for himself!
Song Chuanqi was suddenly furious and his eyes turned red, “They kicked you out? Just as well, does my son care about the measly inheritance from the Leng’s family?”
Tang Zhou: “…”
Dear Uncle, did you not catch the point of my statement? The emphasis was on me taking Leng Chenmo in during his hard times!
Although Leng Chenmo physically left the Leng’s family, he always held gratitude towards his parents, “My parents have always been good to me, I left the Leng’s family voluntarily. They didn’t kick me out. The details are somewhat complex, but they never treated me badly.”
Hearing Leng Chenmo defending the Leng’s family, Song Chuanqi felt both jealous and frustrated. The mature and steady man in front of him had long surpassed the age when he needed parents. Given that he hadn’t done anything for his son, what right did he have to judge others?
Regret. All he was left with was regret.
Bai Lanwu shifted her gaze to Tang Zhou. Staring at Tang Zhou, whose feminine features contrasted his masculine clothing, she wiped the corner of her eyes, “Daughter-in-law?”
“Yes, mom, I am your daughter-in-law!” Tang Zhou could not help but wipe away his tears. Finally, someone was acknowledging his existence!
After finishing, Tang Zhou added in a breath, “State-allocated! Mom, do you like me?”
Bai Lanwu didn’t know what to make of it; her daughter-in-law looked like a boy.
Tang Zhou held Bai Lanwu’s arm, snuggling up to her, “Mom, Leng Chenmo depended on me entirely during this time. Otherwise, he would have been bullied to death by people in our circle. Ever since he was kicked out of the Leng’s family, many people couldn’t wait to see him fail and took pleasure in his misfortunes. I defended him from all the ridicule and laughter. It was all me!”
“Thank you.” No one could resist the passionate Tang Zhou.noveldrama
Leng Chenmo, who had been unsure about how to converse with Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu, now felt warmth seeing Tang Zhou so earnestly trying to win their hearts. He didn’t know if Tang Zhou had won Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu’s hearts, but his own heart was undeniably warmed.
His dark and restrained eyes landed on Tang Zhou, unable to hide the feelings of affection welling up in him. Bai Lanwu noticed it all.
###Chapter 708: Chapter 708 It’s the Prominence of Starlight_1
Bai Peiluan and Ye Baixiu rushed over upon hearing the news. Song Chuanqi, Bai Lanwu, Leng Chenmo, and Tang Zhou had already retreated into the house. Leng Chenmo, not knowing how to converse with the two elders, was sitting in the living room playing chess with Song Chuanqi, per Tang Zhou’s suggestion.
In reality, Tang Zhou wanted to play mahjong, and there were just enough people to make up a table, but Bai Lanwu insisted on cooking. Left with only three, he could only sit beside Leng Chenmo and watch the chess game between him and Song Chuanqi.
Tang Zhou had abysmal understanding about chess, but couldn’t resist commenting on each move, acting like a master Go player. The actual skill he had was clear to both Leng Chenmo and Song Chuanqi who were playing.
Bai Peiluan rushed into the kitchen, only to find Bai Lanwu chopping vegetables while wiping her tears, but her face did not show sadness but anticipation.
“Peiluan, you’re here? Do you have any green onions at home? The kitchen seems to be low on them. I want to make chopped chili fish head, it just doesn’t have the right taste without onions. Too bad we don’t have any sea fish, a certain kind of sea fish head is perfect for this dish, it’s absolutely delicious.”
Happy for her sister, Bai Peiluan replied: “I’ll call for someone to bring it over.”
After making the call, she washed vegetables standing on the side, finding the coincidence too much. “Are you sure?”
“That child did a DNA test without us knowing. I can’t say for certain, but I see so much of Chuanqi in him. He said he’ll take another paternity test with us. The previous one was only with his father, now he wants to do one with me. Peiluan, tell me, is this real? Is such an excellent child really my son?”
Bai Peiluan replied, “Both you and your husband are exceptional, why can’t you have an exceptional son? That boy, the most outstanding one in the Leng family. I never imagined… It must be heaven’s will. No, it must be that the star’s father is prosperous. Master Huixian did say, that child of the star is a little lucky charm, those who are close to her will prosper.”
Bai Lanwu felt both sour and moved. Even while rinsing the vegetables, she kept stealing glances at the living room.noveldrama
The man and the boy inside, playing chess, seemed to have made prior arrangements because from the angle of the kitchen, they were visible as clear as day. Now, she felt insecure if she didn’t glance towards the living room every minute. Her heart was filled with different emotions.
If only her child wasn’t swapped and was raised by her and Chuanqi, what would the scene be like now?
Regrettably, she had missed all moments of her son growing up. How he babbled as he learned to talk, his unsteady steps when he learned to walk, sending him off to school… She witnessed none of that. She never cheered him on when he took his college entrance exams, nor attended his university graduation… All these moments she wished to take part in were lost in the past, never to return. How could she come to terms with this?
Just last night, she was discussing with Chuanqi about asking their daughter to give them a regret pill. If they couldn’t find their son, they would use it to return to the past and prevent the theft of their child. But now, their lost son had found them himself.
Whether regret pill or not, she had already given up on the idea. For the years to come, all she wanted was to cook a few more meals for her son, and do all she can do, to make up for the lack of maternal and paternal love he experienced.
Wiping her tears, Bai Lanwu said, “I indeed raised a good daughter. If she and Xiao Ye hadn’t gone on that trip to the North, and accidentally learnt about it from the doctor who delivered me, I might never have known that I have such an exceptional son.”
###Chapter 709: Chapter 709 – Brother Qing, where’s your face?_1
Ye Junqing heard the news at the company and on his way home, he went to the President’s office to pick up Ye Xingguang. The two of them then went to a paternity testing center and brought two staff members home, wanting to redo the paternity test to make sure everything was in order.
It was Bai Lanwu’s intention to do another paternity test, otherwise it all felt too unreal to her. She dared not believe it all.
The staff from the paternity testing center collected blood samples from the three individuals in front of everyone. Afterward, they left.
Ye Junqing paid for the expedited service that would provide results in six hours. It was currently four in the afternoon, so by ten at night they would have their answer. However, everyone’s hearts were already too eager to wait.
After seeing off the personnel from the paternity testing center, Ye Junqing returned to his room, only to be stopped by Tang Zhou.
“Brother Qing, Brother Qing, from now on, I will be your uncle and sister-in-law, you know?”
Having his status elevated, Tang Zhou had been excited all afternoon. However, Ye Junqing ignored him in the WeChat group, so wasn’t Tang Zhou now bound to show off in person?
Ye Junqing, squinting his dangerous eyes, poured cold water on Tang Zhou: “Shouldn’t it be Leng Chenmo who should call me brother according to your logic?”
“Brother Qing, where is your face?”
“Wherever your face is, mine will be there.”
Having dropped this phrase, Ye Junqing bypassed the noisy Tang Zhou and went upstairs to change clothes.
Ye Xingguang carried a small stool and sat next to Song Chuanqi. Supporting her cheek with one hand, she gazed unblinkingly at Leng Chenmo. After looking at her father and comparing the two, she joyously discovered, “Dad, I noticed that my brother’s eyes look just like yours, particularly when he’s in deep thought. Plus, his mouth resembles mom’s…”
“Really?” Song Chuanqi let out a hearty laugh.
Indeed, playing chess was a good way for men to interact. They had already played two rounds, and fought each other fiercely. The initial confusion and unexpected surprise had subsided. Now, both of them wouldn’t mind playing two more rounds. Because they had met their match.
“Really, how could I not have noticed this previously?”
Rubbing his daughter’s head, Song Chuanqi said, “It isn’t too late to notice it now. Fetch some tea for your father.”
“Okay.”
Ye Xingguang went directly to the kitchen to fetch a thermos of hot water. After adding water to her father’s teacup, she asked Leng Chenmo, “Brother, do you need more water?”
Leng Chenmo handed over his tea cup: “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.” Ye Xingguang was very enthusiastic. If she had known he was her brother when she saved Tang Zhou, she wouldn’t have accepted his gift.
After refilling Leng Chenmo’s teacup with water, she went upstairs, found the jade fingerstall, returned to the living room, and gave it back to him: “Brother, here is yours back.”
Leng Chenmo glanced at it and shook his head: “You keep it.”
“I feel bad keeping this. Otherwise, mom and dad will blame me.”
Black piece in hand, Song Chuanqi looked up from the chessboard to ask his daughter, “What’s going on?”
“Heh, a while back I did a small favor for my brother, and as a reward, my brother gave me a mercenary under his command. This jade fingerstall can activate the mercenary. But now that we are family, how can I accept my brother’s stuff?”
Ye Xingguang insisted on returning the jade fingerstall. Leng Chenmo, white piece in hand, was focused on the chess game. After making his move, he said, “Let’s not mix things up. To me, it wasn’t a small favor but a great kindness. Please keep it without feeling embarrassed. Later, I’ll give you another welcome gift.”
Ye Xingguang smiled foolishly. Not other did her brother not take the jade back, but he even promised to give her a welcome gift. This…noveldrama
###Chapter 710: Chapter 710: Would he be content with the promise of her body?_1
Tang Zhou walked over, “What favor, what jade ring? Holy… isn’t it the very jade ring you always wear? You didn’t give it to me, but give it to her? I’ve been taking care of you…”
Ye Xingguang immediately handed the jade ring to Tang Zhou, “You like it, so it’s yours?”
“I don’t want something that others don’t want. Ye Xingguang, you’ll have to take two selfies with me. One is not enough for me now, got it?” Tang Zhou also refused.
Ye Xingguang regretted. It seems that she couldn’t get back the hot potato of the jade ring anymore, and she could only keep it.
Tang Zhou still asked, “What favor?”
“Nothing, it has nothing to do with you,” Ye Xingguang said.
Tang Zhou inquired Shen Mo with his eyes, Shen Mo also threw out a sentence, “Indeed it has nothing to do with you.”
Does it really have nothing to do with him?
Why did he feel that when their gaze met, it seemed like there was some secret?
Ye Xingguang couldn’t take Tang Zhou’s probing gaze anymore, and went straight upstairs.
Thinking of how much Tang Zhou wanted the “Light of Fortune”, she took out the “Light of Fortune” diamond. If the paternity test results confirm that Shen Mo is her biological father’s son, she would give the “Light of Fortune” to her brother, and then he could use it to propose to Tang Zhou. Yes, that’s a pretty good idea, she was truly brilliant!
Yejun Qing took a bath and walked out of the bathroom to see his Little Mermaid sitting at the vanity, giggling foolishly.
“What are you smiling about? So happy?”
“Of course I’m happy. My parents found their lost son so quickly, it’s like a dream. They’re going to be thrilled! My brother is so amazing. When I saw my father playing chess, his eyes were always slanting to look at my brother. He was trying to act cool with his smile, but who couldn’t tell, he was really happy.”
Yejun Qing grabbed a dry towel and began drying his hair, “This is indeed an unexpected event.”
“I don’t think it’s unexpected at all. My parents are so talented, the son they gave birth to must be very special. Other than someone like Shen Mo, who else is worthy to be my parents’ son?” Ye Xingguang was full of hindsight wisdom, the more she thought about it, the happier she became.
In her eyes, Xiao Yun was the biggest contributor.
“You need to give Xiao Yun a bonus. If it weren’t for him, my parents and brother wouldn’t have recognized each other even if they had met.”
“Hmm,” Yejun Qing walked in front of her and handed her the dry towel, wrapping one arm around her waist to claim credit, “How will you thank me? I was the one who asked Xiao Yun to investigate, otherwise, this moment would have slipped away.”
Unfortunately, in his memory, Shen Mo never got to meet his mother, and probably just missed her…
Ye Xingguang, holding the dry towel, was unusually enthusiastic, “Then I’ll dry your hair for you.”
“Just drying my hair is not enough, if it wasn’t for me taking you to the North to see the snow…”
“So what else do you want? I’ve already promised you, ah…”
Before she could finish her sentence, Ye Xingguang was already swept into Yejun Qing’s arms. He put his arm around her waist and leaned in…
Would he be content just with her promise? How naive!
Now, his relative status has been unexpectedly downgraded compared to Shen Mo’s. How could he not demand compensation?
…
In the evening, Bai Lanwu personally cooked a feast.
Not knowing Shen Mo’s tastes, Bai Lanwu just made all his signature dishes and put them all on the table.
When Ye Xingguang and Yejun Qing came downstairs, everyone else was already seated.
Song Chuanqi decided, they could take their time eating, until ten o’clock at night when the paternity test results come out. Now he only regretted not being able to drink, otherwise, he could have had a few drinks with his son…
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. I will continue updating tomorrow. Please continue to vote for monthly tickets, ask for recommendation votes, ask for recommendation votes, kiss.]noveldrama
###Chapter 711: Chapter 711: Engaged to Leng Chenmo?_1
“Chen Mo, try this and see if you like it,”
Bai Lanwu didn’t know how to converse with Leng Chenmo, so she could only clumsily serve him food.
In a blink of an eye, Leng Chenmo realized that his bowl was piled high with vegetables. Not wanting to refuse, he took bites of some food he usually didn’t eat. Finally, he commented “It’s really delicious.”
Bai Lanwu’s relief was evident on her face “If you find it tasty, eat more. I’m not sure about your preference. Let me know what you like, and I will cook it for you.”
“OK, why don’t you teach me how to cook tomorrow night?” Being unsure of how to relate with Bai Lanwu, Leng Chenmo used cooking as a common ground.
“What? Cook? Tell me what you want to eat, and I’ll cook for you. Why do you need to learn?”
Leng Chenmo tilted his head, looking at Tang Zhou, who was enjoying the food. “Once I learn, I can cook for my wife. She seems to really like your cooking.”
“Cough…cough…” Tang Zhou was eating fish. Upon hearing the word “wife,” he choked so hard he swallowed a fish bone, causing discomfort in his throat.
He glared at the cause of his discomfort: “Who’s your wife?”
“Isn’t she?” Leng Chenmo looked at Tang Zhou: “I heard you introduce yourself as such in the courtyard earlier.”noveldrama
“I was just….” Tang Zhou was about to say that was just for fun, but he clutched his throat again, “I’m suffering because of you. The fish bone is stuck in my throat. I can’t swallow it. It’s so uncomfortable.”
“Oh my, then quickly, drink some vinegar.” Bai Lanwu immediately got up to get him some.
Leng Chenmo also rose, “No need, I’ll go.”
“You don’t know where the vinegar is.”
As Bai Lanwu already went into the kitchen, Leng Chenmo followed. His towering figure stood in front of Bai Lanwu. From his angle, he noticed one of her gray hair and casually plucked it off for her.
Bai Lanwu looked up in surprise, to which Leng Chenmo said, “You had a strand of gray hair.”
“Am I getting old?” Bai Lanwu feared her son would look down on her.
“No, you’re very elegant and don’t look old at all, let me help you.” Leng Chenmo took a small bowl of vinegar and returned to the dining room to give it to Tang Zhou.
Their careful attention to each other was evident to Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi.
Bai Lanwu unconsciously asked, “Are you engaged?”
“Not yet,” Leng Chenmo said.
After a pause, Leng Chenmo added, “No elders are helping with the arrangements.”
“Who are the child’s parents? I’ll propose on your behalf one day.” Bai Lanwu finally found a task that she could do for Leng Chenmo.
As soon as Tang Zhou drank the vinegar, he choked on the words and asked, “Why is my luck so bad tonight?”
Bai Peiluan, who was eating, spoke up. “Sister, the kid’s father was Bai Xiu’s former comrade-in-arms. He died many years ago, and the kid’s mother is also gone. He’s my godson now, so naturally, Bai Xiu and I will be in charge of his marriage. But hey, since Xingguang and Junqing are getting engaged in a few days, why don’t we arrange for all four of them at once?”
Bai Lanwu agreed instantly. Both her son and daughter getting engaged on the same day suited her well. That’s settled then.
Tang Zhou, still struggling with the fish bone in his throat, stretched his leg under the table to kick Leng Chenmo. Quickly decline, quickly decline. What was he thinking? How could he get engaged to Leng Chenmo? This is crazy!
###Chapter 712: Chapter 712 He is clearly scared!_1
But Leng Chenmo didn’t react at all, he just gently patted Tang Zhou’s back: “Drink slowly, hold the vinegar in your mouth and let it slowly travel down your throat. This way, it can soften the fishbone.”
Bai Lanwu echoed Leng Chenmo’s sentiments: “Kid, slow down, take it easy. Try swallowing a bite of rice.”
Was he excited?noveldrama
No, he was clearly startled!
Tang Zhou was at a loss for words, he took another sip of vinegar and swallowed several bites of rice, finally managing to get the fishbone down his throat.
After saving himself, Tang Zhou eagerly spoke out: “Can we talk about the engagement later? I’m not ready yet.”
“It’s settled already, what else do you need to prepare for?” Ye Junqing was the one who spoke up.
“Junqing brother, you know…”
Before Tang Zhou could finish, Ye Junqing interrupted him: “I know, you’ve always liked Leng Chenmo. This is a match made in heaven, let’s organize it together. Dad, mom, you guys can start planning.”
Tang Zhou: “!!!!!”
Brother Junqing, whose side are you on?!
Leng Chenmo lifted his glass to toast Ye Junqing, and Ye Junqing clinked glasses with him.
As Ye Xingguang was eating, she couldn’t help but sneak a giggle at Tang Zhou’s furrowed brows and a face that screamed ‘I’ve been had’. It seemed that Tang Zhou was destined to become her sister-in-law?
At first, when Ye Junqing asked Tang Zhou to bring Leng Chenmo home, she had been upset on Tang Zhou’s behalf. But then, Tang Zhou confessed that he was a girl. Since he was a girl, there was no problem. Who was Tang Zhou trying to show with his constipated expression?
Ye Xingguang broke into a smile: “I also think it’s great to have it all organized together, it’s livelier that way. Tang Zhou, let’s organize it together. At most, I’ll take a few more photos with you. How does that sound?”
Tang Zhou stayed silent, feeling confused. He had been suddenly assigned a partner by the state, abruptly pulled into applying for the state-child care plan, and now his elders were arranging for his engagement. It felt as if someone was behind him, pushing him forward, but ——
It was because no one knew about his physical condition. If they did, would they still be so enthusiastic?
Tang Zhou felt like a despicable person, hiding the truth about himself for his own benefit. One day when everyone found out the truth, they would definitely condemn him. Ugh, it’s so annoying!
He had been happily eating, but everyone discussing the engagement had spoiled his appetite.
After dinner, he excused himself, went home to take a shower and did not allow Leng Chenmo to follow.
As he showered, he stared at his own body in the bathroom with worry, wishing he could remake himself, to make himself a bit more perfect. But remaking himself was unrealistic, he could only face his own disabled body, feeling deeply inferior.
After the shower, as he lay in bed, he tried to force himself to sleep. But he couldn’t fall asleep, he pulled out his phone wanting to chat with someone to relieve his distress. However, he couldn’t discuss this matter with anyone, so he ended up calling his older brother.
Over the phone, Tang Xiao sensed his low spirits: “What happened, you sound so down?”
Tang Zhou said without a hint of sleep: “Brother, just now my godmother said she is going to arrange the engagement with that young follower of mine. Today, I also signed up for the state child-care plan with him.”
Tang Xiao was surprised: “You want a child?”
Tang Zhou refuted loudly: “It’s not what I wanted, it’s Leng Chenmo who wants it. I was pushed into it. Brother, how am I supposed to have a child? They will have to retrieve the eggs, and I can’t even designate my own doctor. I’m fed up with it all, the more I think about it, the more irritated I get.”
“That’s not a big deal. As long as you are willing, I will arrange for Dr. Fang, who is familiar with your case, to do it.”
###Chapter 713: Chapter 713: But What Capital Do I Have? _1
Tang Zhou snapped, “Brother, you know very well that’s not what I’m trying to say! Everyone thinks I’m a woman posing as a man, they all believe I’m a normal girl, but you know that’s not true. I…”
Having said this, Tang Zhou lifted his leg and kicked the nightstand hard. With a loud bang, he vented his frustrations.
Tang Xiao remained quiet, waiting for Tang Zhou to unload his anger before he spoke again. Tang Zhou harshly wiped his face, “Brother, you know very well that nobody could possibly like me! They only see my glamorous appearance, they don’t know how contemptible I look undressed. I can’t possibly live with Leng Chenmo as we are right now, forever, right? When we’re officially engaged, what excuse would I still have to keep him out of the room? Once he saw my ugly body, would he still be as patient and accommodating as he is now? He’s no longer the helpless big-shot he used to be, soon he will be the son of the Crown Prince of Country S. He won’t need to pay attention to my moods anymore. I’m so frustrated!!!”
Tang Xiao understood the mental pressure Tang Zhou was under, but he was reminded of a conversation he had with Leng Chenmo at the door of the sickroom.
With that in mind, Tang Xiao gave his advice, “If you have doubts, tell Leng Chenmo honestly. If he is willing to accept you, you could get engaged. And if he doesn’t, then separate.”
Tang Zhou blurted out irritably, “He definitely won’t accept it, how could a normal person possibly accept it?”
That may not be the case. He had personally heard Leng Chenmo say that he wouldn’t mind.
Nonetheless, Tang Xiao decided not to mention that and just provide advice – he wanted to know how Tang Zhou really felt about Leng Chenmo.
If Tang Zhou was brave enough to have an honest conversation with Leng Chenmo, it would mean he’s seriously considering the relationship. Currently, Tang Xiao was still uncertain about Tang Zhou’s decision.
“Anyone who truly loves you would accept it. Rejecting the idea without even trying makes you a coward.”
Tang Zhou’s mind was in turmoil. He subconsciously shouted back at his brother, “How can Leng Chenmo possibly like me for real? He’s only with me because he had no other choice when he hit rock bottom, and went to the registry because he had nowhere else to live! He’s not down and out anymore, he’ll soon be thriving again. He won’t have to put up with my bad temper anymore. He’s not a citizen of Country A anymore, he doesn’t have to follow the laws and regulations of Country A anymore, we’re going to say goodbye very soon.”
“Tang Zhou, have some self-confidence.”
“What do I have to be confident about? Money? He’ll soon have endless wealth and prosperity!” Tang Zhou’s mood worsened as he spoke. He felt like wrecking the room. Constantly demeaning himself dragged him into a depressive state he couldn’t escape from.
“I’m hanging up.”
“Brother, you think I’m hopeless too? You don’t want to talk to me anymore?”
Tang Xiao didn’t want to hear him putting himself down anymore. Words wouldn’t calm him down now. The only thing that could convince him was solid evidence. Tang Xiao said, “I’m sending you a picture.”
“What picture? What pictures are you sending me? I’m not interested! Think of a solution for me quickly, how can I make him obediently continue to be my follower?”
Unfortunately, all that responded was the sound of the call ending.
Then came the notification for a WeChat message – Tang Xiao had sent him a photo.noveldrama
What was it?
Tang Zhou sullenly and irritably opened it to see a civil affairs bureau registration form. On the form, there was a place circled in red that caught his eye. He zoomed in the photo to have a closer look at the annotation.
Spouse Preference: I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou! I just want Tang Zhou!
###Chapter 714: Chapter 714: After Playing God, I became the Nemesis of the White Moonlight_1
Tang Zhou’s eyes widened in shock. What was this, what was this? Was this Leng Chenmo’s spouse selection criteria filled in on the registry form at the civil affairs bureau?
Tang Zhou could barely believe it, he called his elder brother again: “Bro! Bro! Was that form photoshopped?”
Tang Xiao chuckled, “Do I need to photoshop anything just to cheer you up? I went and checked why Leng Chenmo’s draw would result in you, so I got this form. Now do you know why you were selected in Leng Shenmo’s draw?”
Tang Zhou jumped up, “But… so what if he did? Did the civil affairs bureau’s system always follow his spouse selection criteria? No, why did he fill this in the spouse selection column? Is he possessed?”
You can never wake up a person who pretends to be sleeping because of lack of confidence.
Tang Xiao said, “The civil affairs bureau’s draw system has a small bug. If you fill in someone’s name in your spouse selection criteria, the system will filter this name for the draw. If you fill it ten times, then all ten draws will be the same person. Very few people know this bug, but Leng Chenmo must be one of them. Why do you think he filled out ‘only you’ ten times in his spouse selection criteria?”
“He wants me?”
Tang Zhou could hardly believe it, holding his breath, he contradicted, “But how could this be possible? I’ve done so many wrong things to him in the past, why would he want me? Does he have a masochistic tendency?”
Tang Xiao became curious, “What kind of wrong things have you done to him?”
Tang Zhou closed his eyes and thought, “There are loads. In high school, when he was a senior and I was a freshman, I wrote love letters to the girls in his class using his name and then submitted those letters to their homeroom teacher reporting him for dating in school.”
Tang Xiao: “…”
“And every time I went to the school store and bought items on credit, I would use his name. Eventually, the store owner went to the school to complain about him defaulting on his debts.”
Tang Xiao: “…”
“And, and, on his eighteenth birthday, his family bought him a super-luxury car. I sneaked into the parking lot with Chess Book and punctured his tires.”
Tang Xiao: “…”
“Oh, and I also lit firecrackers under his car. The explosion left his bodyguards in stunned silence. I even piloted a drone to spray paint on his office windows at the Leng Corporation.”
Tang Xiao covered his forehead, unable to listen anymore: “What had he done to deserve all this from you?”noveldrama
Tang Zhou was furious, “Have you forgotten? On the first day of school, I spoke on behalf of the freshmen on stage, but he commented that I looked pretty like a girl. After that, everyone in the school started calling me effeminate!”
Tang Xiao: “But you are a girl.”
However, Tang Xiao understood. Back then, when Tang Zhou discovered that she was in fact a girl, she struggled to accept it for a long period of time. Anyone who called her pretty as a girl would massively offend her and got blacklisted by her.
Tang Zhou said, “Just because of his loose lips, you’ve been tormenting him for so many years?”
“Of course there are other things as well, but… Forget it, I won’t say anymore. Bro, do you think he’s trying to take revenge on me? Pretending to be sweet to me at first, then settling accounts with me once my guard is down?” Tang Zhou was full of conspiracy theories.
But Tang Xiao said, “Are you sure your antics didn’t just succeed in capturing his attention? What was the name of the comic book you were reading last time, ‘After Creating Havoc, I Became the Arch-Enemy’s Heartthrob’?”
###Chapter 715: Chapter 715: Stay Calm! Don’t Get Cocky_1
Tang Zhou with a ton of stress: “Bro, could you please take this a bit seriously? I’m discussing a dire situation with you. He is about to break free from my control. What should we do?”
Tang Xiao, doing God knows what, had the sound of doors closing on the phone, then his voice came: “Didn’t you say you were getting engaged? Just do it. You have so much support, aren’t you afraid of his settling scores with you later?”
Tang Zhou didn’t even want to say a word, deflated like a little balloon.
“Anyway, you’ve done things like reporting his puppy love, falsely accusing him of being a deadbeat, puncturing car tires. Are you still afraid to tell him about your health situation? If he can’t accept it, then take this opportunity to kick him out. Haven’t you always wanted to get rid of him? Your wish is about to come true.”
Tang Zhou was about to explode, like a deflated little balloon. His elder brother’s words sounded like he was reveling in his misfortune!
Why would he willingly get rid of a follower whom he could order around and show off with? He’s not stupid, is he?noveldrama
Tang Xiao hadn’t finished: “If he still wants to get engaged to you, it means he really wants you. Then you don’t need to worry about it anymore. You can continue to show off in front of him in the future. Okay, I’ve said all I have to say. Don’t be a coward, if you do chicken out then don’t call me your elder brother. I’ve got other things to do. I’m hanging up.”
“Hey, don’t hang up, bro. Chat with me a little longer.”
“Beep beep.”
The response he got was the ruthless busy signal.
Tang Zhou, alone, flopped onto the bed staring at the ceiling. After a while, he took out his phone again, opened the photo his brother sent, zoomed in on the area highlighted in red, and stared at it. Finally, even he himself didn’t notice how brilliantly his mouth was grinning.
Could it be that after all his scheming, he’d made himself into the big shot’s moonlight?
Calm down!
Don’t get ahead of yourself!
It’s just a joke from his brother!
The soon-to-be triumphant big shot just doesn’t know about his health condition!
Should he tell him?
Is it too unethical to keep it a secret from him?
What if, after he comes clean, the other person just up and leaves?
If he leaves, so be it? Is he supposed to desperately need Leng Chenmo?
Tang Zhou didn’t know how long he lay there agonising over it before he sprung up from the bed, went to the dressing room to change his clothes, checked himself in the mirror, wasn’t satisfied, changed into another outfit, checked again, still wasn’t satisfied, then changed a third time, a fourth time, a fifth time… the eleventh set, yes, that’s the one, damn handsome!
Then, Tang Zhou opened the door and walked out.
It was nearly ten o’clock at night.
In Ye Junqing’s villa, the lights were on, nobody had gone to bed, Bai Peiluan was chatting with Bai Lanwu, Ye Xingguang was sitting on the sofa watching TV with a pillow in his arms, Ye Junqing and Ye Baixiu were playing chess, and so were Leng Chenmo and Song Chuanqi.
At that moment, Ye Junqing’s phone in his pocket rang, suddenly, everyone stopped what they were doing.
All they heard was him answer the phone and say: “Okay, bring it over now.”
Xiao Yun drove fast, and in over twenty minutes, he arrived at the front of the villa.
Taking the document bag from Xiao Yun, Song Chuanqi’s hand trembled slightly.
Bai Lanwu and Ye Xingguang both crowded over to see Song Chuanqi open the bag and pull out the paternity test report. Unable to wait, Bai Lanwu stood by his side, leaning over to look. Seconds later, her hands covered her mouth as tears streamed down her face.
Ye Xingguang was already so excited he jumped up, throwing himself onto Ye Junqing: “99.9%, the result is 99.9%, the same as my parents’! Ahhh, I’m so excited, Leng Chenmo is my parents’ biological son, there’s no mistake now, ahhhh!”
###Chapter 716: Chapter 716: Why So Cowardly? _1
Tang Zhou gathered tremendous courage to reach the front gate of the villa, hearing Ye Xingguang’s excited voice before he even entered.
Song Chuanqi, Bai Lanwu, and Leng Chenmo did not speak. They just looked at each other.
The truth of the matter had actually been tacitly admitted by the three of them when the first paternity test results came out. This second paternity test felt like they had been floating in a haze, afraid they were dreaming. Now, their fears were finally assuaged and their hearts were finally grounded.
Bai Peiluan pulled Ye Baixiu away, feeling there was no further need for her to be involved at this moment. It was a time for the family of three to be together. Yet, she truly was happy for her sister. As she walked out, her face was lit up with a smile.noveldrama
Bai Lanwu, having wiped away her tears for what seemed like forever, didn’t know what to do next, “Chenmo, are you hungry? Should I make you some food?”
“No need, it’s pretty late. You and…you both should get some rest.”
Leng Chenmo’s throat tightened, the words ‘mom’ and ‘dad’ stuck in his throat, unable to come out. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to call them, it’s just…he couldn’t. At this moment, he missed Tang Zhou. If Zhou were here, he’d definitely help him ease this discomfort.
Leng Chenmo said, “I’ll come to see you both in the morning.”
“Then…what do you want for breakfast tomorrow? Tell me in advance.”
“I’m not picky. Whatever’s available. Either rice porridge or eggs is fine.”
“Hmm, hmm,” Bai Lanwu replied twice.
Leng Chenmo, looking at the unfinished game of Go, said to Song Chuanqi, “We’ll continue tomorrow.”
“Alright,” Song Chuanqi actually didn’t want his son to leave at this hour.
Leng Chenmo got up, unable to cope with the situation. Remaining in silence would have been hard for both, better to let them rest early, especially since his father had just undergone major surgery days ago. Rest was at the utmost importance right now.
“Bro, this is for you.” Ye Xingguang took out a diamond from his pocket and handed it to Leng Chenmo.
Leng Chenmo looked at the diamond, “What’s this?”
“It’s called ‘Light of Luck.’ Tang Zhou really wanted it. He’d been making a fuss about how much he loved it. Take it and make an engagement ring to propose to Tang Zhou. Don’t refuse, alright? After all, I’ve hogged mom and dad’s love for so many years. These affections were originally yours. Now, consider it as your little sister’s gift to welcome you. I hope you’ll accept me as your sister,” Ye Xingguang said earnestly.
Leng Chenmo accepted the ‘Light of Luck’ and nodded.
As soon as he walked out, he saw Tang Zhou standing in the moonlight, looking exceptionally gallant in the late hours. Even his hair seemed to have been carefully styled.
He descended the stairs and walked toward Tang Zhou, asking, “How about some late-night snacks together?”
Tang Zhou, deep in his thoughts, absentmindedly asked, “What do you feel like eating?”
“Barbecue or hot pot works.”
No one knew more about the best late-night eateries in the city than Tang Zhou, a food lover who often indulged in late-night feasts, “How about barbecue? I know a great place called ‘Heavenly Palace.’ Their midnight barbecue is excellent, and it’s on the rooftop of a building. Enjoying barbecue under the moonlight is quite special. But we have to grill it ourselves. Do you want to go?”
Leng Chenmo nodded, put his arm around Tang Zhou’s shoulders, and said, “Let’s go. You can drive.”
Tang Zhou felt the force of Leng Chenmo’s arm on his shoulder. Although Ji Qishu also often slung his arm around his shoulder, Leng Chenmo’s felt different. It made Tang Zhou want to confess his secret several times, but each time the words nearly slipped out, he swallowed them back. He didn’t know why he was being so hesitant.
###Chapter 717: Chapter 717: The Earlier You Confess, The Sooner It Ends!_1
The two of them headed to the garage, started the car, and went out for late-night snacks.
As Leng Chenmo drove, he noticed that Tang Zhou, who was usually full of antics, sat extraordinarily silent in the passenger seat. This was unusual. He glanced at him several times. Even if Leng Chenmo was not someone good at initiating conversation, he couldn’t help but ask, “Something on your mind?”
It seemed like Tang Zhou didn’t hear him at all, instead staring at the neon lights flashing by outside the window.
His normally lively face was now tightened, as if contemplating a significant life decision. Seeing Tang Zhou like this baffled Leng Chenmo. Tang Zhouzhou was the playful one, who had suddenly become quiet, and Leng Chenmo found it quite unsettling.
In the end, they parked at the garage of the building where the Heavenly Barbecue Restaurant was located.
After turning off the engine, they found the elevator and took it upstairs.
In the elevator, the eerily silent Tang Zhou suddenly said, “I need to use the restroom, do you need to go?”
“I don’t, you go,” Leng Chenmo responded.
However, Tang Zhou retorted in an unusually stern voice, “No, You must go!”
Leng Chenmo was confused. He looked down at Tang Zhou who had a serious expression on his face and replied somewhat puzzedly, “Normally, you don’t like going to the restroom with others, what’s different tonight?”
Tang Zhou, full of vexation, snapped,”Are you coming with me or not? If you are not, then we part ways here!”
After all, he had already put a knife to his own throat. He was exasperated and didn’t want this to continue. His brother was right. People can’t be too submissive. He didn’t want to deceive Leng Chenmo any further and risk being scorned by him later on.
This sort of thing could only be hidden for a while. Better to confess early and end it early!
“Alright,” Leng Chenmo handed him a word, as if he had guessed something.
As expected, Tang Zhou’s agitated voice followed, “Don’t think I’m afraid of you just because you’re the Crown Prince of S Country! Let’s make an end to this today, so we part ways in the future. Always remember the kindness I showed you by feeding you and taking you in at your lowest. Show some decency! If not, even if you run off to S Country, I will hunt you down and kill you!”
After his secret was exposed, Tang Zhou worried Leng Chenmo would broadcast it, ruining his ability to live peacefully.noveldrama
Hearing the words “part ways”, Leng Chenmo’s face turned cold. He said nothing and instead stared deeply at Tang Zhou.
The silent pressure was suffocating. Tang Zhou couldn’t shake free from it, so he glared back at Leng Chenmo, “What are you looking at? I will tell you…”
“Ding”, the elevator door opened.
Leng Chenmo was not interested in hearing him talk. He tightened his grip on Tang Zhou’s arm, pulling him out of the elevator and directly into the men’s restroom according to the signs, then released him. With a serious look on his face, he waited for Tang Zhou’s next move.
“Speak, how do you want to end this?”
Tang Zhou kicked all the stalls to confirm they were empty, then locked the restroom door behind him. He then walked in front of Leng Chenmo, clearly agitated, pointed at his nose and sarcastically said, “Listen, I’ve been fed up with you for a long time. You have regained your noble status now and can rise again. There’s no need for you to hang around me any longer. Let’s say goodbye! I will show you what kind of girl I really am. After you’ve seen, go as far away from me as you can. But if you dare reveal a word of this, even if you’re at the ends of the earth, I will never let you off!”
###Chapter 718: Chapter 718: Good girl, calm down_1 Chapter 718: Chapter 718: Good girl, calm down_1 After saying that, Tang Zhou started to undo his belt, his ferocity only hiding the fear on his face.
Leng Chenmo’s face instantly softened, a hint of heartache flickered in his eyes as he reached out to stop Tang Zhou’s movements, his voice light and low, “Zhou, I’ve known for quite some time.”
Tang Zhou’s back shuddered violently. Immediately, he was held tightly in Leng Chenmo’s embrace, “I knew about your situation a long time ago. You don’t have to try to scare me off just because you’re afraid of being rejected.”
Tang Zhou became stiff, looked up, filled with apprehension, his voice even fiercer, “You knew all along? How did you know? You! Did you lie to me? You said you’d keep Leng Weixuan quiet. Was it Leng Weixuan who told you? Get off me, don’t touch me!”
In this state, he was like a helpless little animal, only able to protect himself by venting his anger.
But Leng Chenmo didn’t let him break free, his arms pressing against Tang Zhou’s back, his palm stroking his stiff back to soothe his rage, “Calm down, sweetheart.”
How was he supposed to calm down?
How could Tang Zhou just calm down?
Who else did Leng Weixuan tell? How many people knew? How many were snickering behind his back?
“It wasn’t Leng Weixuan who told me. I found out earlier. If you want to end things just because of this, I won’t agree. You might as well get used to the idea,” Leng Chenmo said, not giving Tang Zhou a chance to retort.
Leng Chenmo kept talking, predicting that any words coming out of Tang Zhou’s mouth at this moment wouldn’t please him, “So what if you’re different from others? It’s no big deal. I actually find it quite special. Different strokes for different folks. I just like your kind of special.”
Tang Zhou finally had the chance to speak up, “Are you sick? Do you like my type? Are you sure you know what kind of person I am? You can’t jump to conclusions without seeing it for yourself. Otherwise, you might accuse me, Tang Zhou, of cheating and dragging you into a mess! I’m not that kind of shameless person who’d do such things!”
Leng Chenmo lowered his head, staring into Tang Zhou’s distrustful eyes, chuckled bitterly, “Then you can just think of me as being sick. And that I have a peculiar liking for your kind. Do you have any other concerns?”
Tang Zhou was a bit taken aback. This was completely different from what he had imagined. All he could do was repeatedly deny it, to mask his confusion, “You must be playing with me. Who in their right mind would like my type? Are you after my money?”
Leng Chenmo said, “…”
Leng Chenmo pinched his brows, “You can consider me abnormal, then. Do you have any more concerns now?”
“Of course, I do! Who the hell told you? How did you find out? Who leaked it? I’ll kill them!” Tang Zhou cried out, on tenterhooks.
Leng Chenmo studied Tang Zhou, who was on edge, and mused to himself, how do I tell her it was she herself who told me?
Leng Chenmo didn’t want to recall that scene. The girl who stood before him, resignation in her eyes, baring her humiliation, looking helpless but still longing for affection…
Leng Chenmo didn’t want to see that ever again.
Leng Chenmo lied to him instead, “Nobody told me. Do you remember a few years ago, when I was in the hot springs, and you sneaked in, trying to throw a toy snake into the pool to scare me, but slipped on the moss and fell in, even fainted?”
Tang Zhou widened his eyes. Did that happen? He seemed to recall something similar, but he definitely would not admit it!
“After you fainted, I was the one who changed your clothes, that’s when I saw it.”
Tang Zhou jumped up, “I remember my brother was notified, he hurried over, picked me up, and he was the one who changed my clothes, not you!”
[Author’s Note: For today’s update, this is it. I will continue updating tomorrow. Please keep the votes coming and thank you for the continued love and support!]noveldrama
###Chapter 719: Chapter 719 What is this Down-and-out Big Shot Doing?_1 Chapter 719: Chapter 719 What is this Down-and-out Big Shot Doing?_1 Leng Chenmo said, “Your brother may have told you a well-intended lie.”
Tang Zhou: “!!!”
Tang Zhou turned to leave, but Leng Chenmo grabbed his arm. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going to confront my brother. He didn’t tell me! He never told me!”
“Is that the main point?” Leng Chenmo began to question his thought process.
“If not, then what is?”
Leng Chenmo looked at Tang Zhou, who was clearly trying to find an excuse to escape. “You know perfectly well what I’m talking about.”
Tang Zhou: “…”
Suddenly, they both fell silent. Tang Zhou tried to avoid eye contact, but Leng Chenmo reached out and turned his face towards him. He looked down at Tang Zhou; his gaze was intense, causing Tang Zhou to feel restless. Tang Zhou tried to look away again, but Leng Chenmo turned him back around, holding his gaze.
Tang Zhou annoyed, asked “What are you doing?”
“From now on, be comfortable with being her, the one written with the female radical,” Leng Chenmo’s words, seemed to have a soothing charm, grounding the fluttering heart of Tang Zhou, who was at a loss. Tang Zhou didn’t dare meet his gaze, as if afraid of being seen through.
At this time, Leng Chenmo placed both hands on Tang Zhou’s shoulders, tightened his grip slightly, “You can be here with me just like with your brother. You don’t need to worry about anything.”
“What the hell are you saying? I don’t understand, it’s annoying. I don’t want to go to the bathroom anymore. You can smell the stink here by yourself. I want to leave.” Tang Zhou was increasingly flustered, wishing he could run far away.
Leng Chenmo did not allow him the chance to flee. Since Tang Zhou dared pull him into the bathroom, remaining silent and tense throughout, he obviously had a battle within himself. And now, decided to face the conclusion with a ‘do or die’ mentality.
And now, having heard the result, he lacked the confidence to believe it.
Leng Chenmo chuckled, “What should I do with you?”
“What do you mean, do with me? What do you want from me?” Tang Zhou glared fiercely at Leng Chenmo.
“I want…”
Leng Chenmo didn’t speak. He kept his head down, staring at him, no, her.
One second…
Two seconds…
Three seconds…
Unable to restrain himself, Leng Chenmo suddenly leaned down.noveldrama
“Hm”
Tang Zhou’s eyes widened in surprise, his thick long eyelashes fluttering in shock.
Then, it felt as if his head had exploded like cotton candy, scattering all around, making it feel as if he was stepping on clouds, floating, shaking, with the world spinning around him.
After what seemed like a while, Tang Zhou’s blank mind finally regained some consciousness.
What is this down-and-out big shot doing?
No, what is this soon to be rising again down-and-out big shot doing?
No, what did he… well, she got from this soon to be rising again down-and-out big shot?
“!!!”
Coming to his senses, Tang Zhou swiftly pushed Leng Chenmo, but he was nowhere near as powerful as him. Not only did he fail to free himself, but he also stirred up Leng Chenmo’s lust for conquest. Tang Zhou’s nose twitched, his heart tightened, and he was breathless, not knowing how to respond.
His heart was riddled with knots, his chest heaving violently. Though his mind was struggling, his heart was like a piece of iron, deeply drawn to Leng Chenmo, who was like a magnet. This is madness, what is Leng Chenmo doing to her?
Tang Zhou felt faint, very faint…
###Chapter 720: Chapter 720: Losing Face All the Way to Grandma’s House!_1 Chapter 720: Chapter 720: Losing Face All the Way to Grandma’s House!_1 “Do you now see what I wanted to do?” After a long while, Leng Chenmo asked Tang Zhou, forehead to forehead, and dizzy-looking.
Bloody hell… what the fuck… oh my god…
A slew of swear words exploded in Tang Zhou’s head, but all got stuck at his throat. Several seconds later, he blurted out, turning crimson in the face, “Why are your skills so poor?”
Leng Chenmo: “…”
Surely the one with poor skills wasn’t her? She didn’t know what to do the whole time, adorably aloof!
Tang Zhou pushed Leng Chenmo away abruptly, strode to the door, swung it open, and ran off like his life depended on it. Damn it! He was so embarrassed, he didn’t even know how to respond just now. He’s been eating rice for over twenty years, and he’s never been this embarrassed, even at his grandmother’s house!
Tang Zhou raced to Tian Gong Barbecue, ordered a lot of food frantically to soothe his racing heart, his breathing remained messed up for a long time.noveldrama
After ordering and paying, a waiter led him to a rooftop terrace of a skyscraper where he could grill his own meat. The setting was too romantic to describe, overlooking a sea of lights 70 floors below, accentuated by the budding stars above, the scene was filled with the ambiguity of night.
Tang Zhou felt extremely uncomfortable, he put all the meat on the grill. His gaze couldn’t help but drift to Leng Chenmo, who was patiently grilling meat opposite him. So, what did he mean exactly? Did he become his arch-nemesis’s moonlight as his brother had suggested, causing havoc all along?
Tang Zhou was in a mess.
Leng Chenmo would eat whatever he grilled, sipping until his mouth was parched, with his mind spinning wildly.
No, no, it was too hot. Tang Zhou couldn’t figure out whether it was his heart, his mind, or the charcoal from the grill that was making him so hot.
Tang Zhou wanted to start a conversation to relax, but his mind was such a chaos that he couldn’t think of a topic. Meanwhile, Leng Chenmo, who was diligently grilling meat across from him, didn’t speak either. He just patiently grilled the meat, transferring the cooked pieces onto a plate in front of her, and then continued grilling.
While grilling meat, his gaze would occasionally land on her face. Nobody knew what he found amusing, but the corner of his mouth would always curl up into a faint and mysterious smile.
Tang Zhou felt even more awkward, just wanting to say, “What the hell are you smirking at?”
However, Tang Zhou realized that he was particularly weak today. Normally he could easily throw out a sentence, but right now, he couldn’t even muster one. He could only pretend to be busy eating, his face sinking in “desolation.”
Upon not being able to stand this silence, Tang Zhou could only express his gratitude that he still had his cell phone.
Pulling out his cellphone, he began dancing around the family WeChat group. Only then did Tang Zhou feel revived.
Tang Zhou: I got mouth-raped tonight!!!!!!!!!
Half a moment later, nobody in the group responded to him.
Tang Zhou changed his battleground and started shouting in the bigger family WeChat group.
Tang Zhou: I got mouth-raped tonight!!!!!!!!!
Tang Zhou: Doesn’t anyone want to give me attention! I got mouth-raped! And you guys have absolutely no reaction!!!
Tang Xiao: [Congratulations] Did you confess?
Tang Zhou: Aaaaah! What am I supposed to do?
Tang Xiao: Rape him back.
Tang Zhou: Aaaaah! I was mouth-raped for the first time in my life!!!!!! I’m so embarrassed I could die!
Ji Qishu: @What happened? Who, who, who?
Tang Zhou: Who else could it be? The Imperial Grandson from Country S! Am I supposed to become the Imperial Granddaughter-in-Law now? What should I do?
Ji Qishu: …
Tang Zhou: I have no idea how to converse with him now! He doesn’t even say anything, it’s so awkward! What on earth does he mean? Ahhhh! Who will save me?
###Chapter 721: Chapter 721: Don’t you think I’m the one who took him down? _1 Chapter 721: Chapter 721: Don’t you think I’m the one who took him down? _1 Ye Xingguang was still awake, the incessant beeps from her phone revealing a lively WeChat conversation. She sneakily tuned in to Tang Zhou’s chat in the group, occasionally throwing in a comment: My brother isn’t much of a talker to begin with. If he doesn’t talk, you talk. Don’t you just love to gab?
Tang Zhou: I’m, uh… uh… uh… at a loss for words. What should I do?
Tang Zhou: Ahhhh! He’s staring at me again! Am I really that attractive? Even though I’m stunning, wouldn’t he get bored of looking at me all the time? Damn it, help, I’m blushing…
Ji Qishu: I must be a fool for listening to you flaunting your relationship. But, @Tang Zhou, when did you start having feelings for him? Weren’t you determined to torment him until he couldn’t stand it and took off? Don’t let yourself get swept off your feet without realizing!
Ye Xingguang: Tang Zhou and my brother are about to get engaged. We’re all getting engaged together, it’s double happiness.
Ji Qishu: !!! @Tang Zhou, seriously?
Tang Zhou: I don’t know! I feel like I’m herding ducks! What do you think about me getting engaged to Leng Chenmo?
Ji Qishu: Have you gone mad? You want to get engaged to Leng Chenmo? Have you fallen for him? Just because he sweet talked you?
Tang Zhou: Who’s fallen for whom! Am I the kind of person who would fall for someone so easily? Don’t you think it’s me who’s conquered him?
Ji Qishu: Is that the point? The point is that you’re seriously getting engaged to him? Weren’t you supposed to tell him to pack up and leave in a year? Don’t you dare tell me you’re really a girl?
Ji Qishu had always thought Tang Zhou claimed to be a girl just for laughs. He and Tang Zhou have been tight since they were toddlers, he never believed that Tang Zhou was a girl.
Tang Zhou: Haven’t I made it abundantly clear already? I am a girl! Does nobody believe me when I tell the truth?
Ji Qishu: I’m referring you to a psychiatrist tomorrow.
Tang Zhou: Get lost.
Tang Zhou: We’re planning to have a baby with Leng Chenmo.
Ji Qishu: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tang Zhou: Leng Chenmo has already applied for a child-raising program, but this is completely against my will. I’m being forced into this!!!
Ji Qishu: While I’m still wondering how to reconcile with Chang Qinghua, you’re already planning to have a baby? How would that even work?
As Ye Xingguang spied on their chat, she was taken aback: Ji Qishu, are you referring to Chang Qinghua, my former mentor? Were you two a couple? Did you guys get divorced? Oh My God!
Ji Qishu: What’s so surprising about that? @Tang Zhou, how did you and Leng Chenmo manage to conceive a child?
Tang Zhou: Like I said, I’m a girl! Leng Chenmo just told me that he wants me to be “her.” Ahhh!
Ye Xingguang handed her phone to Li Junqing, full of curiosity to know more: How did Ji Qishu and Chang Qinghua end up marrying and then divorcing? I interned with Chang Qinghua for two months and didn’t even know.
Li Junqing simply took away her phone, put it aside, and snuggled her into his arms to sleep. He had no interest in other people’s gossip, and certainly had no intention to feed into her curiosity.
But Ye Xingguang was not content, squirming in his arms: “Quick, tell me.”noveldrama
“What’s there to tell? Men and women getting together and breaking up is perfectly normal, isn’t it? Go to sleep. Look at the time. Do you still want to go to work tomorrow? How are you settling in at your new workplace? Are you getting along well with your coworkers?”
“Of course I’m getting along extremely well. My coworkers are treating me like their lucky charm, bringing me delicious food every day. I wonder if what Master Huixian said is true. I bring my coworkers good luck. They’re all on a winning streak lately. They’ve even invited me to dinner tomorrow evening. One of them has recently made a fortune on stocks.”
###Chapter 722: Chapter 722: This Woman Should Be the Empress!_1 Chapter 722: Chapter 722: This Woman Should Be the Empress!_1 After work the next day, Ye Xingguang did not go straight home but joined her new colleagues for dinner at a local restaurant.
This was the first official dinner for the new colleagues who had not dined together before. Everyone was having a blast, celebrating the new addition to the President’s office.
To Ye Xingguang’s great surprise, the new addition turned out to be Chang Qinghua, her mentor from her KOCO TV station internship!
At the restaurant, Ye Xingguang affectionately sat with Chang Qinghua. They ate, drank, chatted, and even made plans to visit the restroom together.
After finishing in the restroom, Ye Xingguangwaited outside for Chang Qinghua, idly playing with her phone when suddenly, a group of people bowed before her, saying, “Your Highness, the Queen.”
Ye Xingguang was taken aback. She looked up and found herself facing the same persistent group of werewolves! They just couldn’t leave her be!
“Stop it, call me Ye Xingguang! If you call me ‘Your Highness’ again, I’ll get rid of you.” She said, not wanting passersby to think these men were lunatics.
But the werewolves dared not be disrespectful. “Your Highness, the Third Elder has come and wishes to see you.” they said.
“What, who did you say?” Ye Xingguang’s eyes twitched.
“Since you refuse to come with us, the council decided to send the Third Elder, Geshu Tang, to personally escort you back. Your highness, he has reserved a private room in this restaurant.” The tall werewolf warrior put out a respectful invitation gesture.
“Xingguang, what’s wrong?” Meanwhile, Chang Qinghua came out of the ladies’ restroom.
Her gaze landed on the unfamiliar tall men, sizing them up, “Who are they?”
“It’s nothing, Ms. Chang. I bumped into an old friend, I’ll go sit in his private room for a while and come back to find you guys later.”
Yet, Chang Qinghua was not at ease. “Are you sure you’re okay?” she asked.
“I’m fine, just catching up with an old friend.”
Watching as Ye Xingguang was respectfully led away by the men, Chang Qinghua figured from their demeanor that they likely meant no harm and finally relaxed.
Aggravated, Ye Xingguang followed the werewolf warriors to the private room. The warrior respectfully opened the door for her. Upon entering, she saw the Third Elder – a boy, about fifteen, sitting cross-legged on tatami.
A boy who looked just fifteen!
Ye Xingguang was surprised and looked at the boy. He was relishing his food and merely pointed at the empty tatami across him when she entered. He then continued to eat as if he hadn’t had a good meal in centuries.
Ye Xingguang took off her shoes and sat cross-legged across the boy. Ten years had not left a single trace on the Third Elder. He was the same “little fresh meat” that she had first seen in her childhood.
But don’t be fooled by his youthful exterior. This guy’s actual age could make him her ancestor!
Furthermore, although his face was pale and tender, he exuded an evil presence that was slightly overwhelming. The more brightly his almond eyes sparkled, the darker his heart seemed. It was widely known that he was a psychopath and never played by the rules – the consensus among the public was that one should never mess with the Third Elder.
The notorious Third Elder, Geshu Tang, was the younger brother of Geshu Chen.
When she had killed Geshu Chen, not only did Geshu Tang not seek revenge for his brother, he was even the first to brazenly claim: This woman should be the Empress!noveldrama
###Chapter 723: Chapter 723 Ye Xingguang Wants to Flip the Table! _1 Chapter 723: Chapter 723 Ye Xingguang Wants to Flip the Table! _1 Geshu Tang is the High Priest, his words, like those spoken by Master Huixian, can influence public opinion. Right now, Ye Xingguang really wishes he could grit his teeth and say, ‘I thank you for your pearls of wisdom!’
“Xiao Jiu, long time no see, have you missed me?”
“I miss your sister!”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to beat around the bush at all, he sat down and got straight to the point, his voice particularly impatient: “Spit it out, what do you need me for? If you’re here to persuade me to go back and inherit the throne, don’t waste your breath. I’m having a great time now, why would I want to stir up trouble? If you want to eat, this meal is on me. Aside from that, what else do you want to say? Hurry up, I only give you five minutes, I have to socialize with my colleagues.”
“Xiao Jiu, I heard you have a few male pets? If I had known your taste earlier, I could have filled your harem with a dozen or so more, is there any prospects for me to join your harem?” Geshu Tang, the beautiful young boy, discussed this innocently.
However, Ye Xingguang rubbed his arms vigorously, goosebumps were about to pop out all over. He stared at the pretty boy in front of him: “Old cow eats young grass, do you know how to spell ‘shameless’? Also, drop the ‘sister’, don’t think about taking advantage of me!”
He’s not a naive girl who would be bewitched by the pretty boy’s beautiful appearance. This kid, despite his rosy lips and white teeth, was full of bad intentions. He may wear a white shirt but his heart is black, his shiny eyes may look innocent, but they feel like they’re piercing your heart.
The renowned Geshu Tang stared at the diamond ring on her ring finger and changed his address: “Xiao JiuJiu, you’re heartless. If I hadn’t taken my sweet time getting here, wouldn’t your male pet have been able to propose successfully?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t say a word. She believed him when he said he’d taken his sweet time getting here, otherwise, from the time that pack of werewolf warriors recognized her to now, it’s been more than ten days. There’s no way he just got here.
Ye Xingguang flaunted her ring finger: “So, you see, I’ve found my happiness. I’m about to get married, so how could the vampire heir possibly want a woman whose heart is already taken? Besides, doesn’t he also not want to marry me? What foolishness are you all up to? You don’t even know who the vampire heir is, yet you’re still trying to play matchmaker. Doesn’t it tire you out?”
“Who said there’s no heir? Xiao JiuJiu, your information is outdated. The vampires are about to have an heir.”
Ye Xingguang was taken aback: “The reluctant heir resigned himself? Doesn’t he have any principles?”
“Not really.”
Geshu Tang indulged in his food, continuing as he ate: “Many within the vampire clan have been displeased with the lack of an heir, and there have been demands for the old king to choose an heir over the years. The infighting has been intense. Now, the old king has chosen a second heir.”
Ye Xingguang: “…..”
“Once the second vampire heir takes the throne, he can hold a grand wedding with you. Xiao JiuJiu, surprised or not, unexpected or not?” His tone was so infuriating.
Ye Xingguang wanted to flip the table!
However, Ye Xingguang spread his hands: “Well then, if the vampires are so enlightened, knowing that a forced melon isn’t sweet and have begun to choose the second heir, we should also keep up with the times and select someone who genuinely wants to be queen to inherit the throne. When the time comes, I’ll definitely send a congratulatory present.”
###Chapter 724: Chapter 724 Who is the Second Heir of the Vampires?_1 Chapter 724: Chapter 724 Who is the Second Heir of the Vampires?_1 Geshu Tang displayed a likewise helpless expression: “Everyone shares the same sentiments. However, the Holy Tree has chosen you, Little Jiujiu. Accept your fate. What’s wrong with being a queen? So many heirs want to be queen but don’t get the chance. Now you have a golden opportunity dropped from the sky. Wouldn’t it be foolish not to take it? Have you forgotten how it feels to be treated like an invisible nobody?”
“I’ve long forgotten about those stale, rotten old stories.”
That year, her parents abandoned her to the sea. Like a drifter without roots, she was tossed about the gigantic waves and accidentally brought to Bugu Island by a massive wave. She was found by Bai Xiao and brought to a small cabin on the island, and there she met Bai Xiao, Yen’an, and Grandma Yapo.
Thanks to them, she was introduced to a new world.
It turns out that beyond the known lands, there exists a more mysterious kingdom—Atlantis.
These people don’t live on land; they inhabit the sea, a true underwater kingdom.
If people living on land are called land dwellers, then they are the genuine sea people. Physically far superior to land dwellers, they can live and breathe freely underwater and possess the ability to communicate with marine creatures.
The saying goes, three parts land, seven parts ocean. The ocean floor expanse is even more vast, home to various big and small kingdoms, commonly known as feudal states, governed separately yet subordinate to Atlantis. They are subjects to the queen, to whom they pay tribute.
If Nuwa is the creator goddess of ancient myths, then the mermaids are the creator goddesses in Atlantis’s mythology!noveldrama
Unfortunately, goddesses belong to myths and do not exist in reality. If they do exist, they would be man-made, like Xia Yanyan, or like her.
She didn’t know which High Priest thought her exceptional physique was once in a century opportunity and added her to the line of succession to Atlantis’s throne.
Do you think it’s a good thing?
Then you are too naive!
The king of Atlantis has several daughters and sons, each with powerful maternal backers. She, an outsider with no standing in Atlantis, is made one of the heirs to the throne based solely on the High Priest’s word. Who would be happy with this?
Since ancient times, the royal family has been a battleground full of struggle. Even those with powerful maternal backers have to fight tooth and nail, not guaranteed success, for the throne. As for her, a nobody with no roots or background and without the support of a powerful maternal family, being included as one of the heirs to the throne, she is simply fresh meat ready for the slaughter, not even knowing how she would die.
True enough, even though she tried to stay under the radar and not participate in the battle for the throne, the other heirs would not ignore her.
From six to twelve years old, living in Atlantis, she walked on thin ice every day. She wished she could hang a sign on her forehead saying “I’m not interested in the throne, please leave me alone,” but she still faced countless assassination attempts and plots.
Court intrigues and the fight for power occurred every single day.
All she could do was keep her head down, seeking a place to nest.
However, during the peak of the throne competition, she still couldn’t escape the blatant attempts on her life. If not for Ye Junqing saving her…
Seeing the wine on the table, Ye Xingguang picked it up, drained the cup in one gulp, and slammed the cup heavily back onto the table: “If all else fails, just chop down the Holy Tree. If you don’t dare, I’ll do it!”
Rolling up his sleeves, Ye Xingguang looked ready to chop if only he had an axe in his hand!
“Also, tell me, who’s the second heir of the Vampire Clan?”
She needed to get the cure for her father, Ye Junqing, and Xiaoman from that person!
###Chapter 725: Chapter 725: The Favourite Male Concubine Who Likes to Inspect Posts Absolutely Does Not Abide by Husband’s Duties! _1 Chapter 725: Chapter 725: The Favourite Male Concubine Who Likes to Inspect Posts Absolutely Does Not Abide by Husband’s Duties! _1 Geshu Tang shook his head: “I don’t know. How can I casually reveal the internal matters of the vampire clan to others?”
He focused on his meal; the dishes were very much to his liking and he quickly finished them.
Geshu Tang pulled out the menu, ordered a few more dishes, and as the waiter brought the food over, he ate and pondered. He suddenly understood why Xiao Jiujiu didn’t want to be queen. With daily access to a world full of delicious food, the temptation was indeed strong.
“Xiao Jiujiu, if you can’t bear to leave behind your boy toys from this colorful world, then take them all with you. How can the harem of me, the queen of Atlantis, be monopolized by the vampire heir? Let him be a male queen, and make your current boy toys concubines one by one. How do you like this idea? I’m reserving the title of Imperial Noble Consort for myself.”
The beautiful young man was indeed deserving of his title, possessing not only a handsome face but also an unparalleled brazenness!
After saying this, he added: “The queen has three wives and four concubines, there’s nothing wrong with that.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
“Oh, Xiao Jiujiu, if you really like… what’s his name again… Ye Junqing? If you really can’t bear to wrong him, then set up two queens, one in the east palace and one in the west palace. We can sit down and discuss these things properly.”
Ye Xingguang, with black lines covering her forehead, said, “Shut up already! You can’t even keep your mouth shut while eating. As the Third Elder of Atlantis, you couldn’t even investigate the second in line to the vampire succession. So tell me, what does it take to become the vampire heir?”
If it’s not too difficult, she’ll persuade her toxic family to contend for it. After all, her toxic family already had the vampire disease. If the toxic family became the vampire heir, it’d be a perfect match, worth celebrating!
At that time, she’d let the toxic family dominate the harem and charge into the harem!
Ye Xingguang envisioned that scene…noveldrama
A phone rang in her pocket, interrupting her unrealistic dream.
She took a look at her phone, and connected as soon as she saw who it was, “Hello?”
“Call me Ah Qing!” On the other end of the line, Ye Junqing wasn’t at all pleased with her greeting. He wanted to hear a delicate, tender pet name that could make one’s body tingle.
Ye Xingguang casually brushed her bangs and deliberately raised her voice: “Ohhhh, Ah Qing, what’s up?”
“Is the dinner party not over yet?” Leaving a man alone at home, neglecting her wife-ly duties.
Just as she was about to say it wasn’t over, Geshu Tang suddenly interjected: “This kind of overly inquisitive man servant is seriously not upholding his duties! Never mind making him a wife, at most, he’d be a betrothed! Otherwise, he wouldn’t know the most important condition of serving as a boy toy, which is to avoid jealousy!”
Ye Xingguang instantly frowned and glared at him, shut your mouth!
But on the other end of the line, Ye Junqing had already heard Geshu Tang’s voice and asked in a deep voice: “Who’s that, your colleague?”
“Ah, um, my colleague had too much to drink and is now causing a scene. The dinner here will be over soon, I’ll be home in a bit, gotta go, bye.”
But before she could hang up the phone, she heard Ye Junqing say: “I’ll come pick you up, wait for me at the restaurant.”
“No need…”
“Beeeep!” Ye Junqing had hung up.
Ye Xingguang slammed the phone onto the table and glared at Geshu Tang: “Since you recognize me as the queen, I command you now to find out the criteria the old Vampire King uses to select his heir! Or investigate who the second in line to the succession is! Until then, don’t try to persuade me, I won’t listen.”
###Chapter 726: Chapter 726: She is really too smart! _1 Chapter 726: Chapter 726: She is really too smart! _1 Ye Xingguang intends to leave, but as soon as she reaches the door, she is barred by two werewolf warriors standing guard outside.
Ye Xingguang squints her eyes, dangerously glaring at the two werewolf warriors: “Don’t try to stop me, or I’ll rip all your teeth out. I’d love to see how cocky you’d be as toothless wolves.”
It’s as though they genuinely fear Ye Xingguang’s words, and the two werewolf warriors immediately step aside.
Only after she has left, do the werewolf warriors step into the private room, asking, “Third Elder, are we really letting Her Majesty just leave like that?”
“What’s the rush?” He hasn’t had his fill yet.
Once he’s tried every delicacy in the human world, it won’t be too late to take Little Nine-nine away then. After all, today he just wanted to meet Little Nine-nine. Geshu Tang continues with his meal.
Ye Xingguang returns to the private room where her colleagues are having their meal. After not too long, everyone says they’re about to leave.
She stands at the entrance of the restaurant, waiting for Ye Junqing to pick her up.
Chang Qinghua came in her own car: “Xingguang, let me give you a ride.”
“No need, someone’s already on his way to pick me up.”
Just as she finished speaking, Chang Qinghua sees a convoy of cars zooming in. Judging by the line-up, she could easily guess whose convoy it was. Chang Qinghua waves her car keys to bid her farewell: “Almost forgot you’re in a relationship, bye.”
A few colleagues waiting on the roadside for their cabs, watch as Ye Junqing’s convoy slowly pulls to the side. They all cast admiring glances towards Ye Xingguang: “Xingguang, you really are so lucky. This late at night, yet Ye is picking you up personally.”
Ye Xingguang watches Ye Junqing’s convoy too. Her vanity fully satisfied, she smiles shyly, bidding her colleagues goodbye.
“Bye, see you tomorrow.”
Then, she sprints towards the stationary convoy, opens a car door, dives in, pulls the door closed, fastens the seatbelt; accomplishing all in one smooth flow.
Ye Junqing observes her with his gaze, noting her red cheeks. “You’ve been drinking, haven’t you? How much?”
“Not much, just a little.”
“What a pity.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
Ye Xingguang complains: “You actually hope your woman would get drunk when she’s out?”
“I would come to pick you up, anyway.” He wouldn’t mind reliving the experience, of her getting drunk and insisting on eating meat, all over again.
Ye Xingguang rolls her eyes, takes the initiative to cuddle his arm, rests her head on his shoulder and says, “Stop kidding around. I’ve had a tiring day already.”
“What’s troubling you?”
“Everything’s troubling me. With those people pestering me, I won’t be able to live peacefully anymore. Tell me, do you consider yourself a vampire like this?”
Ye Junqing’s face tightens slightly. Noticing his displeasure, Ye Xingguang immediately corrects herself, “Hey, I’m not saying you’re a vampire. What I meant was, if you were given the chance to become a vampire, would you? To possess unlimited power, wealth, and beauties?”
“No.” His voice echoes with absolute certainty.
Ye Xingguang bites her lower lip and changes the subject: “What if you were given a chance, and not choosing to be a vampire meant losing me, would you still become one?”
“Yes.” His voice, just as unequivocally resolute, shows no hesitation.
Ye Xingguang: “Umm…”noveldrama
Keep calm, control your mouth corners – don’t smirk. Man’s words are as deceitful as ghosts. Don’t fall for his words so readily!
Feeling quite satisfied in herself, Ye Xingguang thinks – since the old king of the vampire race can select a second successor, why can’t her huge tumour try and compete for that? That’s right, facing a problem, she must think of a solution. She’s just too smart!
[An Ying: Wish you all a Happy Lantern Festival, that’s it for today’s update. Will continue tomorrow, loves, are there any monthly passes left?]
###Chapter 727: Chapter 727: Congratulations Miss Ye_1 Chapter 727: Chapter 727: Congratulations Miss Ye_1 Ye Junqing lowered his head to look at her, his eyes deeply rooted, “Why ask this kind of question?”
“I’ll tell you later, by the way, have you already submitted your application to join the baby-making plan? I received a text message from the National Parenting Center today, asking me to go to the hospital on an empty stomach tomorrow for a comprehensive gynecological examination.”
“Yes.” He also received notification to have a health check at a designated hospital.
“Well, I’ll go to the hospital tomorrow morning.”
Thinking about her peculiar health condition, Ye Junqing asked, “Was the last time you had acute gastroenteritis, your doctor Xu Ya?”noveldrama
“Hmm. It seems to be that name.”
“I will arrange for him to do your check-up tomorrow.” He is Xia Yanyan’s personal doctor, and he is the most familiar with the various physical indicators of mermaids. Other doctors may not be as good as Xu Ya.
“Oh, okay.”
It just so happened that tomorrow is Saturday, and she is off from work. She went to T University Affiliated Hospital early in the morning without breakfast to find Dr. Xu Ya to get her medical examination report. After all the examinations were done, it took a few hours for the examination results to be released. She then went shopping in a shopping mall nearby the hospital.
Ye Xingguang bought a couple of pairs of shoes and was about to continue shopping when Xu Ya already called, asking her to go back to the hospital to find him.
“Okay, I’ll be right over.”
Ye Xingguang, carrying two pairs of new shoes, went back to the hospital and found Xu Ya’s office, knocking on the door from outside.
“Please come in.”
Ye Xingguang pushed the door open, “Dr. Xu, have all the examination results come out yet?”
“Not yet. Although…please have a seat first.”
Xu Ya’s serious expression made Ye Xingguang a bit nervous, “There’s isn’t anything wrong with my medical report, is there?”
“There is indeed something. Miss Ye, you are already pregnant.”
“What?” Ye Xingguang didn’t react immediately.
Xu Ya, holding the medical examination report, said, “Your blood test shows you’re about 10 to 12 days pregnant. You’re now eligible to participate in the National Parenting Center’s baby-making plan. If you wish to participate in it, you can contact the National Parenting Center in the next few days to transfer your little one to the incubator. You should proceed without delay, as it’s not good to wait too long.”
Still shocked and yet to snap back into reality by the news of her own pregnancy, Xu Ya has already started discussing baby-making with her.
Xu Ya said, “Do you want me to call the National Parenting Center now? Given your speed, I presume you’re the first one in the National Baby-Making Plan to become pregnant. Congratulations, Miss Ye.”
“Ha thank… thank you. I’ll make the call myself, and won’t bother you, Dr. Xu. But are you sure I am really pregnant?”
She could hardly believe it, just prepared to get pregnant a few days ago, and there was already a little baby in her belly. Ye Xingguang started worrying when she thought of a certain man who had been actively making babies with her every night.
“Doctor, we’ve been having sex every day for the past few days, will it affect the baby?”
It was said that once pregnant, one shouldn’t undertake any intense exercise. But they hadn’t restrained themselves because they didn’t know about her pregnancy.
“It shouldn’t be a problem, but starting from now, you will have to avoid sexual activities until the little one in you is transferred to the hatching egg, and even then, you will still have to abstain for some time.”
Ye Xingguang felt a sense of relief, but she soon frowned again, “Dr. Xu, I had alcohol last night, will it affect the fetus? I had fruit wine, I shouldn’t have had any alcohol last night.”
###Chapter 728: Chapter 728 Your Little Sweetheart, Patience Left to 0.0000000!_1 Chapter 728: Chapter 728 Your Little Sweetheart, Patience Left to 0.0000000!_1 Xu Ya told her to relax, that there was no major problem, but Ye Xingguang immediately asked, “What about the medication I took when I was sick earlier? Will it affect the fetus? I had acute gastroenteritis before, I was on an IV drip and medication. Isn’t it said that medication is bad for the fetus?”
Xu Ya said, “There’s also no big issue. Based on the timeline, you got pregnant after your gastroenteritis improved, and the few anti-inflammatory drugs you took for gastroenteritis don’t affect pregnancy. Miss Ye, don’t be nervous, just keep your mind at ease.”
When reminded by Xu Ya, Ye Xingguang felt somewhat embarrassed. She didn’t know why she was so nervous, fearing deformities in the fetus. Perhaps it was her past experiences that made her uncontrollably worried in this regard.
After leaving the hospital, she sat in the car going home, took out her mobile phone, and wanted to share this good news with Ye Junqing. But when she was about to make the call, she hesitated – she didn’t want to share such good news over a phone call, she wanted to tell him in person.
Just as she was thinking, her phone rang.
The name of “big tumor” was flashing on the screen, she immediately hit the answer button, putting the phone to her ear.
“Has the check-up been completed?”
“Mmm.” Her voice was suppressed with excitement: “I’m on my way home, are you free this afternoon?”
Ye Junqing was striding down the corridor to his office after a meeting, and responded, “I have a polo match with someone this afternoon. Why, is there something?”
“No.” Ye Xingguang’s finger aimlessly doodled on the car window, her voice gentle: “I just missed you.”
After her words, there was no response on the other end of the phone. Ye Xingguang felt somewhat disappointed. This was her first time calling to say she missed him, and he had no response. She pouted, “Okay, I’m hanging up.”
“What did you just say?” It seemed Ye Junqing just reacted. However, his secretary who was following him had already seen the unrestrained pleasure at the corner of his mouth.
“Nothing, I’m hanging up,” Ye Xingguang was disappointed and didn’t feel like talking to him anymore. He had deflated her enthusiasm.
“I miss you too.” Ye Junqing’s voice was low and filled with immense joy. This was the first time she had called to say she missed him. Although they had already gotten along well in their relationship, the first time was still the first time. His heart raced, wanting to appear before her right now to fulfil her yearnings.
Ye Xingguang hummed: “I didn’t feel it at all, I’m really hanging up.”
She said she was hanging up three times, but in reality, it was just for show, her ear was still perked up, listening to the man on the phone trying to salvage her pride.
“I’m coming home right now,” Ye Junqing asked her. ”
“Uh-huh.”
After hearing these words, Ye Xingguang’s tone softened. She felt valued: “Then you come back sooner, I’ll be waiting for you at home.”
After saying that, she added: “Hurry up, your darling’s patience is 0.0000000!”
Ye Xingguang’s face didn’t blush, and her heart didn’t flutter. After she hung up the phone, she felt her cheeks burning.
She was caressing her small belly, unable to believe that inside there was a product of love between her and the “big tumor”. She couldn’t wait for her to have her baby at that instant. While sitting in the car on her way home, Ye Xingguang was searching on Weibo for others’ experiences being pregnant.noveldrama
Some said that she should not browse Weibo, otherwise she would develop fear of marriage and pregnancy. Indeed, after reading some posts and comments from experienced mothers, her little joy had turned into a little fear…
###Chapter 729: Chapter 729: Baby, How Are You So Amazing?_1 Chapter 729: Chapter 729: Baby, How Are You So Amazing?_1 Gestational diabetes, episiotomy for natural birth, postpartum urinary incontinence, all kinds of taboo health conditions, frightened her to the point where she immediately closed Weibo. She couldn’t bear to look anymore; if she kept looking, she would develop a fear of pregnancy herself.
When she got home, Ye Xingguang was still in shock.
Ye Junqing hadn’t returned yet. Out in the yard, her mother and mother-in-law were sitting in the sunshine chatting. She walked over to ask the two experienced elders if postpartum urinary incontinence was a real problem. She was doubting the exaggerated comments on Weibo.
Bai Peiluan felt a little embarrassed when she heard her daughter-in-law’s question: “Why are you asking about stuff like this, kiddo?”
“Mom, I’m not a kid, I just want to learn from your experiences.”
Bai Lanwu wasn’t as shy and honestly told her daughter: “It depends on the individual. After giving birth to your brother, I had urinary incontinence for two to three years. When I coughed or exercised, I couldn’t hold it in. It was very embarrassing, so I never told anyone.”
“same with me. For a while, if I walked a little fast, I would wet myself,” Bai Peiluan said, recounting her own experiences with the hidden health problems experienced after having children. “Especially right after I gave birth to Junqing, I once woke up feeling the urge to pee. I jumped out of bed and accidentally hit my head on the corner of a cabinet. By the time I got to the bathroom, it was too late. I wet my pants. Junqing’s father even laughed at me, saying ‘how could an adult wet their pants’. I was so angry, I ignored him for days.”
Bai Lanwu shared her indignation: “You were right not to speak to him!”
“Yeah, I didn’t interact with him. Before pregnancy, I only knew childbirth would be painful, no one told us about the other physical issues. When we found out about them, there was no turning back, we could only deal with it unknowingly. Today’s girls are lucky, technology now allows for test-tube babies. We missed out on these good things, born in the wrong era.”
Then, the two sisters started sharing more and more about their postnatal discomforts. By the time Ye Junqing hurriedly returned, Ye Xingguang’s face had turned pale. She went back to her room to drink some water, trying to calm her shocked nerves.
As soon as Ye Junqing entered the room, he noticed that something was wrong, so he strode over to her: “What’s wrong?”
Ye Xingguang clung to Ye Junqing like a scared rabbit, seeking comfort.
“What’s going on?” Ye Junqing asked, worried.
“I’m pregnant.” It should’ve been a joyful news, but after browsing Weibo and hearing her mother and mother-in-law chatting, she didn’t feel happy at all, but rather like a startled bird.
Ye Junqing was taken aback and looked down at her pale face: “What did you say?”
“I had a blood test today. The doctor says I’m pregnant. About ten to twelve days.”
Ye Junqing was stunned for three seconds before suddenly lifting her: “Baby, say that again? You’re pregnant? Pregnant?”
“Yes, you can put me down now.” Ye Xingguang was frightened: “The doctor said I shouldn’t exercise vigorously.”noveldrama
Actually, this wasn’t vigorous exercise at all, but upon hearing Ye Xingguang’s words, Ye Junqing’s nerves jerked and he immediately put her down carefully, afraid that he might harm her.
His hand landed on her lower abdomen, and looking down, the tenderness and joy in his eyes almost drowned her in feelings.
Ye Junqing bent down and lightly kissed her forehead, not hiding his delight at all. “Baby, how can you be so amazing? You said we have a baby and now we really do?”
###Chapter 730: Chapter 730: The Whole Family Watches the Growth of the Little Treasure_1 Chapter 730: Chapter 730: The Whole Family Watches the Growth of the Little Treasure_1 When Tang Zhou heard the news, it was already evening. He rushed to Ye Junqing’s villa with Leng Chenmo, and the elders who were already aware of this matter were grinning ear to ear. Even though the child was not yet born, they had already started to discuss potential names for the new arrival.
Tang Zhou strode in excitedly: “Little Xingguang, you sure work fast! Look at that, I’m about to have a great niece in no time!”
Ye Junqing cut him short: “Shut up, it’s going to be a great nephew!”
“Why can’t it be a great niece? I find that much more exciting.”
A beautiful grand-niece mermaid at that, Tang Zhou thought, feeling quite thrilled by the idea.noveldrama
“If you utter another word, I’ll send you to the ends of the earth.” Ye Junqing only wanted a son, a future partner in doting on his wife. He would not allow a daughter to share his love, fearing that he wouldn’t be able to resist his own daughter’s charm, so he simply decided against one.
Not knowing whether she would have a boy or a girl, Ye Xingguang gave Ye Junqing a look full of disdain.
This man’s deeply rooted male chauvinism was unbearable!
“Congratulations.” Leng Chenmo seated himself, handing Ye Xingguang a small gift. His voice filled with envy toward Ye Junqing.
“Thanks, brother.”
Ye Xingguang opened the present to find a set of silver jewelry for a child — little bracelets for the hands and feet, along with a necklace. Each piece was adorned with small bells that jingled merrily. It was too adorable, melting her heart.
But there was even more to come. Bai Peiluan had called the National Child Care Center, and after hanging up, she had a look of anticipation on her face.
“Everyone, quiet please. I have some news,” she announced.
As Song Chuanqi and Ye Baixiu were debating about the child’s name, they perked up their ears, waiting to hear what Bai Peiluan had to say.
Bai Peiluan explained: “The incubation egg is transparent so once we place our little darling inside, we can monitor its condition every day. The National Child Care Center also has an app. Open it up and we can track our baby’s daily growth online.”
Bai Lanwu took out her phone: “How do I download the National Child Care Center’s app? I want to watch our baby grow every day.”
During her own pregnancies, she couldn’t see her children grow from embryos into babies in her belly. But now, she could observe the progress every single day.
“Sis, let me finish.” Bai Peiluan adopted a professional tone: “If we don’t want to leave the incubation egg at the National Child Care Center, we can apply to bring it home. As long as we can afford it, expert doctors will come to our house every day to check on the baby.”
Bai Lanwu: “Then we’ll apply to bring the incubation egg home. That way, we won’t have to visit the Child Care Center every day.”
Bai Peiluan: “Yes, that’s what I figured too. Junqing, you need to go apply tomorrow. Our precious little one can’t stay at the Child Care Center. We have plenty of elders here at home to look after the baby, don’t we?”
Ye Junqing was about to post in his friend circle. When he heard her words, he simply uttered a “Hmm”, then listened to Bai Peiluan continue: “Also, take your daughter-in-law tomorrow to have the little darling in her belly transferred to the incubation egg. I just asked, and the doctors at the Child Care Center suggested that the embryo should be transferred before it’s 14 days old. Before the 14th day, the embryo doesn’t have the differentiated nervous system results or a distinct human characteristic, so it doesn’t involve ethical issues. Otherwise, although it would not violate our country’s laws, it would infringe on international controls on embryonic ethics. Then, foreign journalists would blame our country’s Child Care Center for not complying with international treaties.”
###Chapter 731: Chapter 731: The Bai Sisters Keeping an Eye on the Doll_1 Chapter 731: Chapter 731: The Bai Sisters Keeping an Eye on the Doll_1 Ye Junqing had no time to post on social networks, immediately calling the parenting center to make an appointment.
The next morning, Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan insisted on tagging along to accompany their daughter-in-law. Ye Xingguang, leading three women, seemed to fade into the background but he didn’t mind. Upon arriving at the state parenting center, he got straight to arranging payment and processing documents.
Once everything was settled, he sat outside the operating room, waiting for the doctor to extract his son from his wife’s stomach and place him into the incubation capsule.noveldrama
Whether it was due to the residual psychological trauma of having her son stolen before or not, Bai Lanwu resolutely stayed by her daughter’s side. Her eyes, like security cameras, never blinked, keenly watching the doctor’s actions, denying any chance of a midway swap.
The whole family was occupied from morning till afternoon. Finally, Bai Lanwu watched the doctor transfer her indistinguishable little treasure into the incubation capsule. Stubbornly determined, she stood guard at the capsule, fearing it might be swapped.
Influenced by Bai Lanwu’s cautiousness, Bai Peiluan also became cautious. The two collaborated, ensuring that if one needed to use the restroom, the other would take over surveillance. Their extreme vigilance made the doctors amused yet helpless.
However, the doctors didn’t dare to complain. After all, the identities of these two women were not trivial: one was the mother of the President and the other was the Crown Princess of country S. If they insisted on monitoring them, all the doctors could do was force a smile.
Finally, just as the sun started to set, the professional doctors got everything done, allowing the Ye’s family to load the incubation capsule and all the apparatus into their car.
Even on the car ride, Bai Lanwu remained alert. She and Bai Peiluan never took their eyes off the incubation capsule all the way back to the Ye estate, and until it was placed in the specially vacated nursery room in the mansion.
The medical team who tagged along thought, we should be safe now, nobody’s going to swap anything more, right?
But Bai Lanwu was still not at ease. She stood in the room, watching the medical team install the capsule and related devices. Only after everything was set up and the medical team left did she finally relax.
Ye Xingguang had been taken home by Ye Junqing at noon.
Since it was just a minor operation, Ye Junqing asked her to stay in bed and rest.
For dinner, she wasn’t allowed to leave the bed; Ye Junqing brought up dinner from downstairs and sat beside the bed, feeding her himself.
Hearing that the incubation capsule had been delivered home, she wanted to take a look, but Ye Junqing overbearingly refused to let her up, adding: “What’s there to see? You can’t see anything now, it’s still too small. First, recover your strength. Have you forgotten what the doctor said? Rest in bed after going home!”
“But I don’t feel that bad. The doctor is just exaggerating. I know my own body.”
But Ye Junqing’s warning look was filled with danger. Ye Xingguang relented: “Alright, I’ll stay in bed. But do I go to work tomorrow?”
“I’ve already taken leave for you, so you can rest at home for ten days before going back to work.”
“But my sister-in-law invited me to work at the Presidential Press Office. Now I keep taking leave of absence; she’ll definitely regret having me there.” Ye Xingguang, thinking of her own welfare, involved Yi Yujian. She felt that lying in bed at home for ten days would definitely lead to depression.
No sooner the words were out of her mouth than Yi Yujian walked in and said, “Little sister, I have absolutely no regrets. You’re not dumping this on me.”
Seeing Yi Yujian, Ye Xingguang was a little surprised: “Sister-in-law, why are you here?”
“I came to see my little nephew.”
Yi Yujian came up to the bedside and showed Ye Xingguang the pictures she had just taken on her phone: “There’s nothing much to see yet. But your mother-in-law is so happy, she’s already discussing with your mother about knitting little clothes and shoes for the baby.”
###Chapter 732: Chapter 732 What do you think? Our son!_1 Chapter 732: Chapter 732 What do you think? Our son!_1 Ignoring the danger of Ye Xingguang’s frowning forehead, he said, “Why are we so sure it’s a boy, I think it’s a girl.”
Yi Yujian laughed, “So, your mom and mother-in-law have agreed that one knits for a boy and the other for a girl. Your father-in-law even said that from tomorrow he will read prenatal education for his grandson each day before incubating the egg, and your dad will also teach the child prenatal education.”
Ye Xingguang looked confused: “… Isn’t this too early?”
He grabbed Yi Yujian’s phone and looked at the photos she had taken. He couldn’t see anything.
Yi Yujian handed him her phone: “Well, they are all free anyway. They are probably just looking for some fun. Letting them pass time this way is good. An unborn baby, just an embryo now, can gather participation from four elders. Maybe we can ask a reporter to write a press release tomorrow, to promote this as an example. It might attract more people to participate in the national child-rearing program.”noveldrama
“Sure enough, no problem, I will write the press release, since that’s what I do for a living.”
Yi Yujian fully supported her: “You can post it on Weibo. You and your second brother have always been special attention targets assigned by the state. Because of your assignments, the number of men and women actively responding to the state assignment targets has increased in these few months. Now as the country promotes the child-rearing program, maybe you two can lead by example.”
“Suddenly feeling like Alexander, sister-in-law, I uploaded your picture to my WeChat?” She, who could only relieve her boredom by looking at photos because she couldn’t go downstairs, felt so pitiful.
Downstairs, Tang Zhou was way more excited, dragging Leng Chenmo to the incubation egg and looking around excitedly. Where is it? Where is it? Where is his baby mermaid great niece?
Leng Chenmo noticed that the incubation egg device was equipped with a biological microscope, and gave it to him: “You might need this to see.”
“Awoooo! Sidekick, you are so smart!”
Bai Lanwu and others had been excited about the incubation egg for so long and hadn’t found this device, but Leng Chenmo noticed it after just one or two glances. Tang Zhou immediately aimed his body and looked around through the biological microscope.
“Where is it, where is it? Awooo, is it this one? I think I found it, it’s floating around…I don’t know if what I’m seeing is it?”
Leng Chenmo said: “The embryo was just taken from the body and now it’s in the artificial womb of the incubation egg. It probably hasn’t implanted yet, or is looking for its implantation spot. What’s floating around should be it. Did you see it clearly?”
He was also a bit curious about what the child would look like at the beginning.
“Awooooo, really? I didn’t see clearly, let me look again.”
Tang Zhou just couldn’t take his eyes off it. Mo Fei and Ji Qishu even rushed over but he was still monopolizing the biological microscope. Ji Qishu couldn’t wait any longer and set up a rule for taking turns. Each person could only look for five minutes and had to give others a turn next, or when would their turn come?
Who would have known that just as it was Ji Qishu’s turn, Ye Junqing came down from upstairs. The real dad doesn’t need to line up. He just pushed everyone aside, bowed his body and looked through the biological microscope. He wanted to meet his son for the first time.
This biological microscope had a photo-taking function, he snapped a photo of his son, wirelessly transferred it to his phone, then took the phone upstairs to show the child’s real mom.
“What is this?” Ye Xingguang was lying on the bed holding her phone looking at the picture, again.
Ye Junqing’s low and delighted voice: “What do you think? Our son!”
###Chapter 733: Chapter 733: Those Who Aren’t Dads Yet Can’t Be Friends in the Future_1 Chapter 733: Chapter 733: Those Who Aren’t Dads Yet Can’t Be Friends in the Future_1 Ye Xingguang really didn’t want to disappoint the man who was obsessed with having a son. She said: “I just checked online, we can determine the baby’s gender in about three months. If it turns out that the child hatching from the egg is a girl, can you really bear to reject her?”
“Three months?” That quickly?
Ye Junqing sat on the edge of the bed in deep thought. If the baby turned out to be a girl after three months, he guessed he might become a doting dad then.
“Exactly, we can’t determine the gender inside the belly, but we should be able to in the hatching egg. What do you say if we take a photo of the baby every day? When the baby grows up, she can see herself changing from an embryo into a baby.”
Ye Xingguang was quite excited about this process and planned to buy a camera.
Ye Junqing had already installed surveillance cameras in the room. There was no need for a camera. Every minute and hour of footage would be completely saved. His son would thank him for this when he grows up.
Ye Shiting also joined in the fun, watching his nephew in the incubator.
After watching, he started ordering a great purge of the house servants and bodyguards. He kicked out all the covert agents who had been identified and retained only a group of faithful servants and guards, so that family matters wouldn’t easily be known to the public.
However, the fact that Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing were involved in the national childcare project was no secret. The next day, it was trending online, with Ye Xingguang herself leaking a picture of the hatching egg, which immediately sparked a heated discussion on Weibo.noveldrama
Someone also dug up a message from Ye Junqing’s friend circle and screenshot it: “Those who aren’t dads yet, we can’t be friends anymore, bye-bye. We don’t belong to the same circle anymore, don’t make it hard for each other.”
The screenshot also showed several people’s comments.
For example, Lin Hanfeng: “Holy fuck!!! Lord Qing, you just proposed and already joined the daddy ranks? What happened to the Ten Scumbag Men’s No-Marriage promise? It’s fine if you compromised and accepted your arranged marriage! But now you’re compromising on the national childcare too? I despise you, you traitor!!!”
When the netizens saw Lin Hanfeng’s tone in the screenshot, they felt it was full of envy, jealousy, and rage!
For example, Leng Chenmo: about to join the circle.
When netizens looked at Leng Chenmo’s comment in the screenshot, they screamed even more loudly, “Ahhh, has the once-mighty Leng Corporation’s boss fallen people’s classes to get married and have kids? This world is becoming increasingly incomprehensible!”
At this moment, the general public didn’t yet know that Leng Chenmo had made a comeback and was now untouchable!
For example, Xia Ye Zhao: Hehe, my son is already five years old.
The netizens were stunned by Xia Ye Zhao’s words in the screenshot. What? Five years old now? When did that happen? No paparazzi broke this news! What are the paparazzi doing when such an important matter has not been uncovered? Do they even know the basic professional spirit of paparazzi?
Anyway, the spectators on Weibo were having a blast.
Many people didn’t know what the national childcare plan was. So the National Childcare Center immediately reposted Ye Xingguang’s Weibo post, vigorously promoting the national childcare plan. Not only did domestic citizens get educated, even foreign citizens were envious.
The hashtag #CountryA’sDevelopedHatchingEggsFreeWomen topped the international trending topics for several days, making foreign girls extremely envious. They all expressed their wishes to marry boys from Country A, asking international dating agencies for introductions!
###Chapter 734: Chapter 734: Damn it! Who is it! _1 Chapter 734: Chapter 734: Damn it! Who is it! _1 Ye Xingguang laughed her head off, forcing herself to lie in bed every day for rest, so bored that her only entertainment was constantly scrolling through Weibo for amusement, feeding her insatiable appetite for gossip.
After lazing around like this for seven or eight days, her engagement banquet finally arrived.
The banquet was held in a five-star hotel, scheduled at noon, which was organized lavishly. Besides inviting relatives and friends from both sides, many celebrities were invited. The number of guests could rival someone else’s wedding feast.
This day also marked the end of Ye Xingguang’s confinement. Finally, she didn’t need to lie down anymore. After putting on her makeup in the morning and wearing the gown her mother had prepared for her, Ye Xingguang didn’t choose any jewelry except the Diamond of Misfortune, which everyone else feared as she hung it around her neck flauntingly.
The hairstylist who did her hair kept staring at the Diamond of Misfortune that radiates a mysterious glow. It felt like the evil eye of God was staring at her, which scared the hairstylist away as soon as she finished Ye Xingguang’s hair.
“What a coward.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t care at all. She examined herself in the mirror. Beautiful, perfect.
Before she left the villa for the hotel, she specifically went to the incubation egg and bragged to her still embryonic baby, “Baby girl, mom is going to her engagement banquet now. Remember to bless me and your dad.”
After saying this, she blew a few kisses in the air.
Then, she got into the car.
Ye Junqing was already in the hotel entertaining the guests. He and Leng Chenmo were both dressed in sharp black suits. Nobody would have expected that these two business rivals would get engaged on the same day and become relatives.
“You look very handsome today,” Ye Junqing said nonchalantly. After all, he believed he was the male lead.
“The feeling is mutual.” The thought in Leng Chenmo’s heart was not too different from Ye Junqing’s, he always felt that he was merely in the background.
Both stood at the entrance of the hotel, making small talk with the arriving guests while constantly looking at the parked luxury cars, hoping their fiancées would arrive soon.
Ye Xingguang and Tang Zhou were in the same car, exchanging compliments that were much more heartfelt than Leng Chenmo and Ye Junqing.
“Wow wow wow! Little Xingguang, you look absolutely stunning today. Come, let’s take a selfie.”
Ye Xingguang immediately leaned her head towards the camera, not forgetting to strike a pose, making a peace sign. After the photo, she didn’t forget to give her feedback, “Tang Zhou, why don’t you wear women’s clothes? You would definitely be irresistible in them.”
“I’ve been wearing men’s clothing since I was little, I’m used to it. Don’t you think this white shirt of mine is especially handsome?”
Tang Zhou couldn’t contain his excitement, “Little Xingguang, you must not know, I went to the National Parenting Center to extract eggs yesterday. In no time, my daughter will be born. Then, my daughter and your daughter… Bang!”
The sentence was cut off by an abrupt impact from the front.noveldrama
Shocked, Tang Zhou jumped up, his head hitting the roof of the car, causing him to curse in pain incessantly.
Ye Xingguang wasn’t faring much better, the sudden sound of gunfire caused the convoy to brake abruptly. She wanted to see what was happening but all she could see outside were clouds of smoke, someone had released a smoke bomb, obscuring everything.
“Damn! Who is that?! Don’t they know our identities?! One is a national treasure, the other is the future queen of the S nation, and we are being assassinated in broad daylight?” Tang Zhou cursed.
[Author note: That’s it for today, I’ll continue updating tomorrow. Any more votes for the month?]
###Chapter 735: Chapter 735: Whoever Dares to Provoke Me, He Will Be The One Who Ends Up Scared! _1 Chapter 735: Chapter 735: Whoever Dares to Provoke Me, He Will Be The One Who Ends Up Scared! _1 “Damn it,” Ye Xingguang thought as she was about to get out of the car. But as soon as she opened the car door, something felt off. She quickly slammed the car door shut and stopped Tang Zhou, who was sitting on the other side, from opening his door. “Don’t get out, something smells off!”
“What do you mean?”
“I smell a strong scent of ether. I’ve smelled this before.”
The last time Xia Wealth’s hired goons had kidnapped her, she’d smelled ether. Her sense of smell was acute, and one whiff was enough for her to remember it. As soon as she’d opened the car door, she noticed the identical smell, and traces of it still linger inside the car, though thankfully not too strong.
The driver in the front seat also felt something was wrong, but his worry was about the car itself. Their car seemed to be suspended, hooked to something. The driver, as if facing a formidable enemy, did not forget to comfort his two distinguished passengers, “Miss Ye, don’t worry.”
Tang Zhou pulled out his phone to make a call. Before it even connected, he cursed, “Why wouldn’t I worry! Damn it, why is our car shaking? What the hell is going on?”
Ye Xingguang: “Our car is being lifted!!”
“Why is no one answering the phone? Damn! Why can’t I make a call? No signal. Bloody hell, is it because we’re in a tunnel? Xingguang, quickly call Shen Mo for me. We must have been targeted for an assassination. We’re in danger!”
Ye Xingguang checked her own phone: “I don’t have a signal, either.”
Outside, the sound of gunfire was unbroken. There were seven cars in their party; besides theirs, there were six more cars protecting them. However, as soon as the bodyguards got out of their vehicles, they smelled ether, and the smoke grenades were obstructing their vision…
Damn it!
Why does trouble always strike in a tunnel?
Who is trying to harm her?
Ye Xingguang was seething with anger.
Suddenly, their suspended car thudded down onto solid ground.
Before Ye Xingguang could even register where they were, everything had fallen into darkness.
“Turn on the headlights!” Ye Xingguang yelled.
The driver turned on the lights, but all he could see were the walls outside the window.
Tang Zhou was quick to react. “We’re in a container! No, our car is in a container! Fuck! Is someone trying to hijack us? Xingguang, are they after me or you?”
“I don’t know.” Ye Xingguang pushed the car door open again, but less than a second later, she slammed it shut again, cursing, “Perverts! There’s ether in the container, too!”
Tang Zhou continued to stare at his phone, still seeing no signal. It appeared there was a signal disrupter in the container!
“Xingguang, don’t be scared. I’m here!” After spending 20 years as a tomboy, she had to step up and act like a man, to protect Ye Xingguang. Tang Zhou had no intention of shirking this duty!
“I’m not scared. Whoever dares mess with me will end up being the scared one!” Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth.noveldrama
“Exactly! Whoever dares to mess with us, Shen Mo will make sure they pay!” Tang Zhou encouraged herself.
At this moment, Shen Mo and Leng Chenmo were still standing at the hotel entrance. They were greeting guests attending the banquet while looking in the direction of the hotel exit. They checked the time again; those two were taking forever to get ready. When were they going to arrive?
Just as he was thinking this, Xiao Yun suddenly strode out of the hotel, his face clouded with worry, “Mister Shen, something has gone wrong.”
Shen Mo glanced at Xiao Yun, then heard him continue to report, “Miss Ye and Tang Zhou have been kidnapped. Their whereabouts are currently unknown.”
###Chapter 736: Chapter 736: Are You Thinking of Stealing the Bride? _1 Chapter 736: Chapter 736: Are You Thinking of Stealing the Bride? _1 Ye Junqing’s face darkened: “What happened?”
“Just received a notification from the bodyguards, they were attacked in the tunnel again. The perpetrators used a large amount of ether smoke bombs and anesthesia needles. When the smoke cleared, Miss Ye and Tang Zhou were gone, along with their car.”
Ye Junqing was burning with anger: “Worthless! The same tunnel was ambushed twice!”
He paced, dashed down the steps, and immediately phoned Ye Shiting, “Brother, order all traffic arteries to be blocked immediately!”noveldrama
Ye Shiting was on his way to the hotel. Sitting in the car, he received a call from Ye Junqing, frowning slightly, “What happened?”
“Xingguang and Tang Zhou have been kidnapped. Lock down all traffic arteries immediately. The incident was in the same tunnel where I was kidnapped last time. Get the police department to pull over all vehicles on the route, set up checkpoints, and inspect all vehicles!”
Leng Chenmo was also on the phone. When Ye Junqing entered the vehicle, Leng Chenmo had already slid open the opposite car door, jumped into the car, shut the door and continued speaking. His voice was so deep it seemed like it could drip ice: “Yes, right away!”
…
“Damn it… What now!” Tang Zhou felt his body suddenly become weightless as the car jerked violently.
Ye Xingguang listened attentively: “We’re in water.”
“Where does the water come from, are you talking about the moat?”
“Besides the moat, what else is there in the Imperial Capital?”
As Ye Xingguang said this, he yelled out loud: “Geshu Tang, come out now!”
As soon as his voice fell, the door of the container was opened. Immediately, countless amounts of water rushed into the container. The murky water did not only flood the container, but also seeped into the car they were in.
Then, seven or eight people rushed in.
The moment the car door was opened, Ye Xingguang wanted to punch the incoming people, but the gun in their hands was aimed directly at her. With one bang, the high-strength anesthesia gun hit her. Ye Xingguang felt dizzy and then everything went black.
When she woke up again, Ye Xingguang found herself on a big bed, with Tang Zhou, who had not yet regained consciousness, lying on her left, and another person on her right. Ye Xingguang turned her head to look, and it was Han Chengbei
Ye Xingguang bolted upright, then shook the two people awake.
When Tang Zhou woke up, he felt dizziness and a throbbing headache. He looked around in a daze, his mind not yet fully awake, and his eyes unfocused.
Han Chengbei was the next to wake up.
Han Chengbei also felt a terrible headache. He was completely in the dark about what had happened. Sitting up and looking around, he said, “Oh my god, why are you here, and where is this?”
“I want to ask you the same thing, why are you here with me?”
Han Chengbei didn’t know why. He kept pressing his temples, hoping to relieve the headache.
“What do you remember?”
Han Chengbei thought for a moment, “I drank too much last night.”
Tang Zhou jumped off the bed, glaring at Han Chengbei, “Damn, Han Chengbei, did you kidnap us? Are you trying to steal the bride?”
Han Chengbei retorted with three words: “Are you insane? If I were to kidnap anyone, it would be a beauty, not a pansy like you!”
“Stop arguing, it wasn’t Han Chengbei, I know who it was!”
Ye Xingguang’s head was already hurting, and when they started arguing, her headache worsened. She also jumped off the bed, pushed open the room door, and noticed nobody in the hallway outside. Clearly, they weren’t worried about her escaping.
She returned to the bed and searched for a while, but didn’t find her cell phone. Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei’s phones were gone too.
Tang Zhou checked his wristwatch: “Damn! Is my wristwatch broken? It’s showing three days after the engagement party. Have I been asleep for three days? Is it October 13th today?”
###Chapter 737: Chapter 737: I Dare Not Accept Such a Big Charge_1 Chapter 737: Chapter 737: I Dare Not Accept Such a Big Charge_1 Han Chengbei also glanced at his own wristwatch: “Your time is correct. It’s 10:08 on the morning of October 13th. I slept even longer than you, about four days. No wonder I feel so hungry.”
Tang Zhou noticed a retractable glass-like window in the room. He walked over and peered out: “Fuck, are we in a moat or at sea? All I can see is water, estimated depth… it’s impossible for a moat to be this deep!”
Han Chengbei, upon hearing this, pushed Tang Zhou aside and looked out the window, accurately identifying: “Underwater! In the sea! We’re in a submarine!”
While the two were checking out the view outside, Ye Xingguang was already on his way, heading down the deserted corridor.
Having observed the window for a while and noticing that Ye Xingguang was no longer there, Han Chengbei and Tang Zhou followed suit.
The three of them wandered aimlessly in the deserted hallway, where Han Chengbei and Tang Zhou realized how luxurious the submarine was!
The interior design was subtly extravagant, even the corridor carpet was high-end Persian.
There were many rooms scattered along the corridor. While they didn’t come across any people, each room’s interior was much more exquisite than a five-star hotel’s suite. Tang Zhou even opened a gymnasium, seeing that every exercise equipment one could think of was available. If he didn’t feel like being a lamb to the slaughter, he would have loved to hit the gym.
They wandered for a while and found an elevator.
Tang Zhou pressed the elevator button. The three of them got in, and Tang Zhou saw that the elevator had six levels, and they were currently on the third floor.
Tang Zhou casually pressed the top floor, and soon, the elevator doors opened.
Upon exiting the elevator, they finally met someone. Han Chengbei took the lead, eyeing a tall, brawny man warily. Just as he was about to ask questions, the burly man bowed to Ye Xingguang: “Your Highness, have you awakened?”
Han Chengbei doubted his ears: “…”
Ye Xingguang grimaced, responding with a blunt, “Scram!”
Tang Zhou stared blankly at Ye Xingguang: “Xingguang, what’s going on?”
Ye Xingguang had no desire to explain, “Where is Geshu Tang?”
“Elder Shu Tang is in the dining room.”
“Lead me there!”
The burly man nodded in agreement and then turned to lead the way.noveldrama
Soon, they were guided to a grand buffet-style restaurant, not inferior to a five-star dining setting. Food ranging from fruits, cakes, dairy, seafood, to roasts were displayed, enough to whet Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei’s appetite.
Truth be told, anyone who hadn’t eaten for three days would find it hard to resist such a spread, no matter how resilient they were.
They picked up plates, heaped them up with food, and also grabbed a glass of red wine each from the bar.
Both were carefree types. Figuring they were already kidnapped anyway, they decided to make the best of it, reasoning it would be easier to devise a strategy on a full stomach.
Ye Xingguang had no mood for food. Her engagement feast had been ruined three days ago and she was seething with anger. Ye Xingguang found Geshu Tang in the restaurant, stomped over, kicked the table where Geshu Tang was seated and shouted, her anger burning: “Geshu Tang, how dare you abduct me!”
The pretty, charming young man remained seated, undisturbed, “Little princess, I wouldn’t dare take the blame for such a heavy accusation. I just invited you back to the country.”
###Chapter 738: Chapter 738 You Have to Carry Even If You Don’t Want To_1 Chapter 738: Chapter 738 You Have to Carry Even If You Don’t Want To_1 Ye Xingguang took a deep breath, and then another. She felt her beautiful dress was too low-cut, and attempted to pull it up, but after a few tugs, she was still annoyed, and kicked at the table in frustration. “Invitation my ass! Couldn’t he wait until after I was formally engaged to have the audacity to invite me?! My long-anticipated engagement banquet has now been completely ruined by you. Do you realize how important it was for me?”
“Isn’t it just about a male pet?”
A beautiful and seemingly innocent young man blinked, his seemingly pure eyes gazing at Han Chengbei as he approached, “Didn’t I already bring you another male pet, and even delivered him to your couch? Not satisfied with him? I can find you another one.”
“Have you had enough? I’m not in the mood for jokes!” Ye Xingguang was fuming.
“Then let’s get straight to the point.” Geshu Tang adopted the demeanor of a dark and handsome young man, with a teasing smile on his face, “Little Nine, you can’t possibly think that before you marry the heir of the vampire species, you could get engaged to someone else? How are we supposed to explain to the vampires that our queen is already married? Aren’t you being a bit naive?”
Ye Xingguang clenched her fists. “I have never admitted to being any damn queen!”
Geshu Tang threw his hands up in the air. “But you’ve killed everyone else with a right to inheritance, and you’ve won the approval of the Sacred Tree. You’re the only one left who can take over. Otherwise, anyone else who ascends the throne would trigger dissent, leading to a battle for power, a war in fact. The country would be torn apart, and the people will be displaced. I will never allow that to happen, do you understand?”
“I understand nothing. I only know one sentence: what’s it got to do with me?”
“Do you know how many feudal lords want to overthrow the empire, and how many long to become kings themselves? Little Nine, the worst mistake you made was to kill all the royal bloodlines. Therefore, you have to bear this responsibility whether you want to or not. You have no choice!”
Han Chengbei walked over, having caught a few words, “My lord, who is this young man?”
Before Ye Xingguang could answer, Geshu Tang gave a clean and charming smile, sloppily saying: “Like you, he also has a thing for her. If I were the third man in her life, then you would be the fourth.”noveldrama
Han Chengbei looked down at Ye Xingguang, seeking an explanation. When did he ever have a fling with her? Of course, Han Chengbei was very much willing to have one with her. Then together, they could start a business selling potions of regret, a profitable trade indeed.
Ye Xingguang suppressed her anger: “Don’t mind him. He is just bullshitting.”
Han Chengbei had his own understanding: “So, this boy, who looks like he’s barely outgrown his baby fuzz, is Ye Junqing’s love rival. Jealous that you were about to get engaged to Ye Junqing, he kidnapped you? I like this kid. I had the same thought, but I just never put it into action.”
“Han Chengbei, shut up!” Tang Zhou couldn’t take it anymore and pulled Ye Xingguang behind him protectively, and then glared at Geshu Tang disdainfully: “Look at yourself! You think you’re good enough to be my Brother Qing’s rival?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t want the two involved: “You two go eat some food.”
At this moment, someone approached Geshu Tang: “Third elder, there are submarines pursuing us, and it’s not just one.”
Ye Xingguang’s eyes lit up instantly; she knew that her regular headache at home wouldn’t just stand by and let her get kidnapped by Geshu Tang without a fuss.
###Chapter 739: Chapter 739 Damn! No One Stop Me_1 Chapter 739: Chapter 739 Damn! No One Stop Me_1 Geshu Tang simply smiled, tossing out a sentence, “Continue diving another 1000 meters.”
Ye Xingguang’s joyful expression couldn’t last for a few seconds, before it changed. She knew that ordinary submarines all have a maximum diving depth, and the depths the submarines of various countries can dive to can’t compare with the imperial submarines.
As expected, let alone a thousand meters, just during the continuation of the dive to four hundred meters, the tracking radar on the submarine where Ye Junqing was lost its target.
Ye Junqing and Leng Chenmo both stood in the command center of the submarine, listened to the commander of the submarine saying, “Mr. Qing, we have lost them again. Also, our submarine has reached its deepest diving depth and can go no further. Otherwise, the submarine will not be able to withstand the pressure, and we’ll all end up buried at sea…”
Ye Junqing’s fist slammed hard on the table, “Aren’t our Nation A’s submarines supposed to be the best in the world? Now we’re easily shaken off and you’re telling me we can’t dive any further. Is this the technology our Nation A has been proud of?”
The commander of the submarine was a high-ranking naval officer and had no words to refute upon hearing his words.
The senior naval officer was also stunned. Which country’s submarine was this? it was like a ghost in the sea, was it not afraid that the submarine would explode due to not being able to withstand the pressure of diving further?
Apparently, the opponent’s submarine was not only stylishly designed but also more advanced than Nation A’s submarine, such realization was a heavy blow!
“Is there any other way we can track that submarine?” Leng Chenmo stood with his hands behind him.
The senior naval officer replied, “For now, we can only continue to search at this depth and see if we can locate them with radar, but we absolutely cannot dive any further.”
Science and technology cannot compete with others, and venting anger is useless. Leng Chenmo had to face the reality and said, “Then we will continue to search at this depth and see if we can find any clues.”
Leng Chenmo nodded.
Then he turned to Ye Junqing, who was still in his engagement suit, and said, “It’s useless to get angry now, let’s figure out who would kidnap Xingguang. Chasing like this isn’t a solution. We need to find out who’s behind this if we are to rescue them.”noveldrama
Leng Chenmo was very worried about Tang Zhou. How were they, the kidnapped ones, spending their days?
Would they be panicking?
Would they be tied up?
Even… would they be humiliated!
The only person Ye Junqing could think of was Li Yu!
But Li Yu had disappeared!
On board the other submarine, someone reported to Geshu Tang, “Elder Three, we have shaken off the pursuers. It’s laughable that they dared to chase us with their submarine technology. I can’t help but ridicule their low-tech submarines!”
“Dammit! Nobody stop me, I’m going to kill them, daring to mock my country’s technology!” Tang Zhou was a patriotic young man.
Meanwhile Han Chengbei, who was thoroughly enjoying his meal, waved a dismissive hand, “No one will stop you, go ahead, beat the hell out of them, I fully support you spiritually. I even support you to take over the control room of this submarine and take me home!”
“I don’t know how to operate a submarine!” Frustrated, Tang Zhou couldn’t stand the sight of Han Chengbei eating anymore. Giving into his hunger, he said, “I’ll eat first! I’ll only have the energy to fight them after I’ve filled my stomach! Xingguang, who the hell is that kid?”
Ye Xingguang was already sitting down to eat, what use would it do for her to scream at Geshu Tang in this situation, Tang Zhou was right. Fill up the stomach first, and if not, she might as well take the opportunity to go back and chop trees!
###Chapter 740: Chapter 740: A Pair of Plastic Teammates Fighting the Enemy Together_1 Chapter 740: Chapter 740: A Pair of Plastic Teammates Fighting the Enemy Together_1 Faced with Tang Zhou’s questions, Ye Xingguang debated whether to tell the truth or make up a story. However, they were about to return to the empire, so making up a story seemed pointless. Instead, Ye Xingguang decided to explain to Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei where they were headed.
Upon hearing this, Tang Zhou exclaimed, “Atlantis Empire, what’s that? I’ve only heard of this name in myths. It was said to be a highly developed ancient continent that was destroyed by a flood ten thousand years before the Common Era. Are you telling us we’re going to this prehistoric empire that doesn’t exist?”
While feasting hungrily on his food, Ye Xingguang replied, “Yes, we’re heading to the Atlantis Empire. The empire didn’t disappear. Atlantis used to be on land, but geological changes caused the highly developed continent to sink twenty thousand meters underwater. The inhabitants who couldn’t adapt to undersea life all died, but some who could adapt survived. It’s a case of survival of the fittest. Not only did the survivors adjust to underwater life, but over generations, they evolved into beings capable of breathing under water. They have taken residence in the sea, and behold, the Sea God they revere is none other than the mermaid.”
Tang Zhou: “…”noveldrama
Tang Zhou asked Han Chengbei, “Did you understand all that?”
Stretching his long legs casually, Han Chengbei replied, “I think I got it, but I’m not sure. Let’s hear your thoughts.”
With a confident posture, Tang Zhou said, “I believe that despite our pre-existing tensions, we must unite now to face a common enemy. Let’s form an alliance, shall we?”
Being tactful themselves, Han Chengbei promptly agreed to an alliance with Tang Zhou: “I believe we can temporarily become ‘plastic teammates’ for the sake of facing a mutual enemy.”
As for the Atlantis Empire, the two didn’t believe a word of it.
However, when a whole underwater continent appeared before their eyes, both Han Chengbei and Tang Zhou were taken aback.
Five hours later, they were sitting in a submarine facing a vast continent. How to describe the feeling? It was like staring down from an airplane at a continent full of towering buildings.
Tang Zhou rubbed his eyes vigorously, peering through the transparent glass at the world outside, questioning if his eyes were playing tricks on him, “Han Chengbei, what do you see? I see skyscrapers and streets. Are we sure we’re still underwater? How could there be light underwater? Wasn’t the surface pitch black when we last checked?”
Looking down through another window, Han Chengbei replied, “You aren’t seeing things, I see it too. Goodness, where on earth does this light come from?”
Standing aside, Ye Xingguang, who resembled Mrs Liu touring the Grand View Gardens, explained, “The empire has a type of tree called the ‘Sacred tree’ which emits light. One Sacred Tree’s brightness alone can illuminate an entire underwater city. These Sacred Trees have many children whose roots are all connected and spread across various underwater cities and villages. I always suspected that the reason the trees can emit light is because their roots penetrate deep into the earth’s crust and draw upon the magma’s burning light. I can’t think of any other reason why a Sacred Tree can shine so brightly, to bring light twenty thousand meters beneath the ocean.”
As the submarine continued to descend, everything on the underwater continent grew larger and larger, clearer and clearer, just like the approaching view when an airplane is landing.
Han Chengbei spotted a building resembling a cathedral from a historic ancient city, with a proud mermaid at its pinnacle.
Han Chengbei curiously asked, “My gosh, what’s that building with a mermaid at the top?”
“That’s the Sacred Temple of the Empire.”
###Chapter 741: Chapter 741: Absolutely Cool, Dominant, and Dashing!_1 Chapter 741: Chapter 741: Absolutely Cool, Dominant, and Dashing!_1 As they were talking, the submarine slowly sailed into the runway and finally came to a steady halt.
Someone came over and asked them to disembark, handing them a bottle of pressure medication as a kind gesture.
Tang Zhou held the pressure medication. “What’s this?”
The tall and imposing Wolfman warrior sneered at him and sarcastically laughed, “Take it or leave it.”
Then, he turned to Ye Xingguang and respectfully gestured for her to precede him, “Your Majesty, please.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang took the pressure pills from Tang Zhou’s hand, glanced at them, then threw them back, “Take two each. Otherwise, you won’t be able to withstand the pressure outside. We’re two thousand meters under the sea here. The enormous pressure can crush you. You don’t feel it inside this submarine because of the pressure adjustment system. But once you leave the submarine, you’re as good as dead.”
Holy crap, isn’t that a bit too scary?
Han Chengbei snatched the pressure medicine from Tang Zhou, swallowed two and asked without forgetting, “My Lord, are you sure two is enough? Should I just stay on board and not go out? The Han family can’t afford to lose me, especially when I don’t even have a diving suit.”
Tang Zhou took two as well. “Little Xingguang, I don’t have a diving suit either. How about we stay onboard until Qiangge finds us? Maybe he’ll be able to locate us.”
“Twenty thousand meters under the sea!” Han Chengbei stressed.
“So what? Is that a big deal?” It was indeed quite impressive, but Tang Zhou didn’t want to admit it.
Han Chengbei whistled, “Don’t forget we’re now pseudo teammates against a common enemy.”
“Come along. Just think of it as a deep-sea tour. If I leave you two alone on this submarine, you’ll become bargaining chips for Geshu Tang. I’d rather have you with me where I can keep an eye on you. Trust me, I won’t let your journey be boring.”
As she walked, Ye Xingguang said to the wolfman warrior leading the way, “I want a private ride.”
The wolfman warrior nodded, “Very well, Your Majesty.”
All of Tang Zhou’s curiosity was aroused. “A private ride? Don’t tell me this underwater civilization invented car-like things that drive underwater? Aw man, I have got to try this!”
The wolfman warrior leading the way looked back at Tang Zhou’s naive excitement, his contempt for him growing.
Following the wolfman warrior, the group quickly rode an elevator all the way to the bottom, then passed through several corridors to reach the lowest level carpark.
“Wow, what’s this?”
Tang Zhou saw the small, shark-shaped submarines lined up in front of him—twenty in total. They were simply cool and badass!
The wolfman warrior, still with that disdainful look in his eyes, introduced to Tang Zhou, “These are shark-shaped submarines. They can reach a top speed of 200 kilometers per hour underwater and have the advanced pressure regulation systems to ensure that the pressure you’ll feel in these submarines is the same as you’d feel on dry land, preventing you from getting crushed by the undersea pressure.”
The length of the shark-shaped submarines roughly equaled that of a stretched Rolls-Royce. Twenty of them lined up in a row but it still didn’t seem crowded. Han Chengbei glanced at it and was secretly astonished by the size of the submarine.
Tang Zhou was itching to get inside one of the shark-shaped submarines but he couldn’t find the entrance.
He circled around it, touching it excitedly. Suddenly he thought, “This hostage situation isn’t so bad. I wouldn’t mind doing it again, in fact! It’s so cool! Where’s my phone? Damn, I wish I could take loads of photos like influencers do with luxury cars!”
###Chapter 742: Chapter 742: She is basically out of the frying pan into the fire_1 Chapter 742: Chapter 742: She is basically out of the frying pan into the fire_1 In the end, Tang Zhou, seemingly forgetting his situation, bluntly asked the werewolf warrior, “Buddy, how do you get into this thing?”
The werewolf warrior simply pulled out something that looked like a car key, pressed it, and the glass hatch of the shark-shaped submarine slowly opened.
Tang Zhou snapped his fingers dramatically, “Cool!”
“Your Highness, after you.” The werewolf warrior bowed.
“Where’s Geshu Tang?” Ye Xingguang looked around but didn’t spot him.
Honestly, even though everyone was pushing for her to be queen, she had lived her childhood in the Empire very discretely. Whenever possible, she avoided appearing in the Empire, choosing to live on Buguka Island. She had no connections or influence in the Empire, and being brought back now, she felt like a lamb to the slaughter.
She suddenly realized that the detestable Geshu Tang was the only person she could rely on in the capital.
Damn it, this realization made her incredibly upset.
“Little Jiujiu, so you’ve been missing me all this time?” Geshu Tang arrived fashionably late, dressed in a blue floral sweatshirt he bought while strolling around in Country A. Wearing it, he looked like a high school student who had just stepped out of class. He even had a black backpack hanging from one arm.
Behind him, more than a dozen werewolf warriors followed, each carrying a large suitcase packed with the clothes and shoes Geshu Tang had picked up on his journeys… these things were rare in the Empire.
“Don’t flatter yourself. Where are you taking me? Explain first!”
“Where do you want to go, palace or my place?”
“You’re the one who arrested me, and you’re asking me? Who should I ask?” Ye Xingguang retorted.
The truth was, she was a bit scared. She didn’t believe her presence wouldn’t impact others’ interests.noveldrama
Moreover, she had killed all those who had the right to inherit the royal family in the past. Did the forces behind these individuals not think of retaliating?
Being led into the Empire by Geshu Tang was like walking into a lion’s den – although they called her “Your Highness”, it might be all traps ahead. Perhaps even Geshu Tang wants to control the Empire through her!
Geshu Tang, hands in his sweatshirt pockets, swayed: “Little Jiujiu, how about this: you accept me now, we live in the palace together, and you prepare to get married while I help prepare your coronation?”
“Screw off, stay away from my sister-in-law! What’s this getting married nonsense? My sister-in-law can only marry my brother Qing!”
With Qing not around, Tang Zhou must protect his sister-in-law. He can’t let Qing be cuckolded!
“Oh, is that so?” Geshu Tang drew out his words, sounding both genuine and sarcastic: “So, you’re gonna be disappointed. She’s the only queen recognized by the Empire, and her king must be the heir of the vampires. Your brother Qing doesn’t qualify to marry her!”
With that, Geshu Tang hopped on the shark-shaped submarine and didn’t forget to remind the werewolf warriors: “Bring all my luggage into the submarine, and don’t leave a single piece behind.”
Tang Zhou turned to ask Ye Xingguang, “Xingguang, what did he mean by that? A vampire heir?”
“Let’s get on the submarine first.”
However, Ye Xingguang didn’t want to share a submarine with Geshu Tang. She boarded a different one, and Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei quickly followed. A werewolf warrior tried to climb aboard to help them, but Ye Xingguang dismissed him with a glare: “Back off, I can handle it myself!”
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, the story continues tomorrow, lots of love! Any tickets left for the month? I need tickets, tickets~~]
###Chapter 743: Chapter 743 The Queen is Back! _1 Chapter 743: Chapter 743 The Queen is Back! _1 After finishing, with a smack, he slammed down the transparent cabin hood, then pressed the start button.
Tang Zhou sat in the submarine, fumbling around enthusiastically, “So cool! Ye Xingguang, how do I operate this? Teach me.”
“Actually, it’s quite simple, even simpler than driving a car.”
Ye Xingguang operated the cabin’s instruments skillfully, and the shark-shaped submarine gradually began to start. Following the slow opening at the bottom of the submarine, a procession of shark-shaped submarines smoothly drove into the deep-sea city streets.
I wonder if Geshu Tang had informed the citizens in advance. After seeing the orderly shark-shaped submarines enter the empire’s main road leading to the palace, the citizens all flocked to the streets. They stood on the main road leading to the palace, cheering, children peeking out from everywhere – some even perched on their parents’ shoulders, eager to catch a further glimpse of the queen’s presence.
The scene was incredibly bustling and lively.
Ye Xingguang, driving the shark-shaped submarine, would be lying if she claimed to not be affected. She had never enjoyed such supreme treatment before. Beyond the wild confusion, she suddenly understood why people like Ye Shiting or Lawson Perry chase power so desperately.
No one can resist the charm of a supreme leader.
An impressive honor guard was waiting at the palace gate. Seeing the shark-shaped submarine slowly stop, the honor guard began a vibrant welcome dance. A group of the empire’s top officials advanced towards the stable shark-shaped submarine.
Tang Zhou’s eyes widened: “Damn, these people can really just… breathe under water? When they open their mouths to talk, doesn’t seawater flow in? Doesn’t water flow into their ears? How can they keep their eyes open under water?”
Tang Zhou had so many questions, and Han Chengbei found his incessant chatter irritating: “Shut up. The biggest issue at hand is that my grandfather is actually the king of this underwater city. Can you focus on the main point? You’re such a crap teammate.”
Tang Zhou: “Impressive, my Ye Xingguang.”
“You two, stay in the submarine and do not come out.”
Just as Ye Xingguang finished saying these words, Geshu Tang, who had already emerged from the submarine, invited her to exit.
Once she left the submarine, her two legs transformed into a beautiful fishtail. Tang Zhou was prepared for this, but Han Chengbei was utterly shocked.
“What’s up with her tail?” Han Chengbei sat inside the boat, completely stunned.
Tang Zhou immediately bragged: “What’s there to freak out about? Ye Xingguang is a mermaid! Isn’t she beautiful? She’s my bro’s! Don’t even think about her, you stand no chance! The nation allocated the world’s most beautiful mermaid to my bro, hahaha!”noveldrama
“So… she’s Xia Qiongqiong then?” Han Chengbei made the connection instantly.
Tang Zhou whistled, as if that was even a question.
Outside the boat, the moment Ye Xingguang appeared, greetings from the public who had been held back by the guards wafted over from all directions. Seeing her beautiful fishtail, they revered her as a marine god – the crowd was ecstatic.
Ye Xingguang was invited by a group of high-ranking imperial officials to swim up to a high platform. She stood on top of the palace platform, allowing the adoration of thousands to wash over her.
Geshu Tang stood by her side, solemnly proclaiming: “Citizens of the empire, I have brought back the queen you’ve been eagerly awaiting!”
Instantly, a cheer rose from the multitude. The voices of the public’s approval echoed non-stop. Despite Ye Xingguang’s aversion to being queen, she couldn’t help feeling a little moved and responded with the friendliest wave towards the citizens of the empire.
###Chapter 744: Chapter 744 – I Only Lack Ye Junqing_1 Chapter 744: Chapter 744 – I Only Lack Ye Junqing_1 Following a grand and solemn welcoming ceremony, Ye Xingguang was escorted to rest within the imperial palace of the Empire.
The enormous palace interior, featuring the most state-of-the-art drainage and pressure system, felt as dry as land above sea level. Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei had already been settled into the palace, and Ye Xingguang was eager to reunite with them.
Before that, however, she needed to meet the elders of the Empire, who effectively held the reins of power.
The Empire had six elders in total, representing the six great clans of the Empire. These clans exerted significant influence as the queen had yet to be crowned. Thus, each of the six clans had dispatched an elder to form a provisional federal government, which temporarily managed all affairs of the Empire.
The six powerful clans were the Geshu, Bai, Ying, Gui, Quan, and Yen Families.
With no alternative, Ye Xingguang boldly seated herself at the place of honour and stretched her arms on the armchair, looking down at the elders of the six clans, all the while crossing a leg in a domineering posture.
Who would have ever imagined that the six princely clans, which once saw her as nothing more than an ant, are now her humble subjects, and fervently discussing her coronation?
Still fresh in Ye Xingguang’s mind was when she was a child, accidentally stumbling into this world and subsequently recognized as a potential heir. Back then, every clan had a prince or princess they supported, and nobody took her seriously. Yet, today, the way all the elders were eyeing her was as though they couldn’t wait to develop close relations with her.
Then Geshu Tang surprised everyone with an audacious proposition, “Although the coronation ceremony is of utmost urgency, filling the inner court is equally pressing. Before marrying the successor of the Vampire Clan, I suggest we select a royal bedmate for the queen. He need not have a distinguished title for now. After the queen is married, we can then grant him a title. Our primary goal should be to find someone to assist in preparing the queen’s marriage.”
Second Elder Ying Shikang immediately added his approval, “I agree with Elder Tang. I have a son, Ying Qiao, who possesses a commanding presence, and grace that rivals an immortal’s. He is considered the Empire’s most handsome man. I am willing to send Ying Qiao into the palace to serve beside our queen. Official title or not, there’s no time to argue over such matters when urgency calls.”
Ye Xingguang, who was sitting authoritatively on the throne ready to impose her authority on the elders, was left speechless.
Great elder Bai Qiuhe, surprisingly, also stepped forward with a self-nomination, “I too have a son, Bai Yalan, who is gentle, cultured, and elegant as an orchid. He is considered the Empire’s top scholar. I am willing to send Bai Yalan into the palace to serve beside our queen. Official title or not, there’s no time to argue over such matters when urgency calls.”
Ye Xingguang was flabbergasted, “!!!!!”
I haven’t even ascended to the throne yet, and you people are already planning to fill my harem with folks from your lineages? Damn it, I’m seriously considering using Tang Zhou’s style of rebuking.
Not wanting to be outdone, the Fourth elder, Quan Ji, put forth his self-recommendation, “Isn’t that a coincidence? While none of my kin may claim to excel in any single realm above all in the Empire, what do you make of me, your highness? I am willing to serve beside the queen. Official title or not, there’s no time to argue over such matters when urgency calls.”
The Fifth and Sixth Elders also wanted to nominate themselves, seeing others hastily pushing forward candidates. But before they could utter a word, Ye Xingguang, who’d endured enough, interrupted them, “Enough! I do indeed need someone to share my bed, and his name is Ye Junqing. If you are truly looking out for my best interests and wishing to warm my bed, I suggest you have him brought to me!”noveldrama
###Chapter 745: Chapter 745: Ye Junqing, truly deserves the title of troublemaker! _1 Chapter 745: Chapter 745: Ye Junqing, truly deserves the title of troublemaker! _1 After finishing, Ye Xingguang left without a trace. If she stayed any longer, she would definitely have to nurse a significant headache.
Ye Xingguang touched her chest in discomfort. What should she do? She still wore the splendid attire that was meant for meeting suitors. Unfortunately, it was wasted on people who could not appreciate her. She needed to find someone to relay her situation to stave off unwarranted worries.noveldrama
Who knew whether Yen’an, that wretched girl, was in the Empire or on Bugu Island?
She didn’t even have any way of getting in touch now. She couldn’t even reach Yen’an. Damn it! The ‘headache’ she lived with must be going mad with worry!
…
After Ye Xingguang left the council chamber, the six elders who were left shared awkward glances. They stopped their debate but came to a consensus.
“Elders, forgive me for speaking plainly. Her Royal Highness can sleep with any man she chooses, but it must not be the man who sparks her romantic interest — Ye King!”
“Indeed, a beautiful woman has been the downfall of many throughout history. This Ye King, he is a true harbinger of catastrophe! We cannot allow Ye King to approach Her Majesty, it would be a disaster for our nation!”
“I concur. What if Her Majesty only showers Ye King with love and neglects the back palace? What would become of future queens?”
“…”
…
Time flew by, and another two days passed.
Ye Xingguang still hadn’t gotten in touch with Yen’an. That damn girl, didn’t she know she had been kidnapped and taken to the imperial capital?
Why hasn’t she come to find her?
Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei were amusing themselves in the palace. Once they realized no one would trouble them, the duo started their own little sight-seeing team. They had explored every accessible part of the palace and understood Ye Xingguang’s lofty status in the capital.
They even discovered that the six big families were conspiring to install their own members into her harem!
In response, Tang Zhou exhausted all the curse words he could muster.
But Han Chengbei, smoothed his shirt: “My good sir, I think I may volunteer myself. Why don’t you accept me instead? If I’ve been brought here, it must mean they believe that I also qualified to stay in the palace?”
Ye Xingguang, who was already frustrated, lifted her leg and kicked Han Chengbei: “Please be serious. Surely our most pressing problem is figuring out how to escape?”
She could have escaped easily on her own, but now with two hangers-on, she was severely limited in her actions.
Still jesting, Han Chengbei said: “What’s so bad about being a queen? This underwater empire looks pretty much the same as any terrestrial nation, with bustling streets in all directions. Its technology is even more advanced…”
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes: “There is plenty wrong with being a queen! These folks only want me as their queen because anyone else might upset the balance among the families. But who said being a queen equates to having true power? They merely want a puppet queen!”
Ye Xingguang was very clear-headed.
“All of you don’t understand. The six families have been racking their brains to send people to me every day. All their exceptional youths are trying to stage accidental meetings with me in the palace. Just now, when I came to find you, I saw a very handsome young man, truly mesmerizing. If I stay any longer, I fear I may be enchanted by their beauty and forget what my troublesome situation looks like…”
Before she could finish her sentence, she noticed Tang Zhou, who had just been loudly cursing a moment ago, had suddenly darkened his face. His normally bright eyes were now filled with a chilling glare as they glanced over her. Um… What was with Tang Zhou’s look?
###Chapter 746: Chapter 746 This is a Huge Joke!_1 Chapter 746: Chapter 746 This is a Huge Joke!_1 Ye Junqing had yet to fully adapt to Tang Zhou’s body. Just as he started getting used to it, he heard Little Mermaid say that she couldn’t remember his appearance. How could Ye Junqing not boil with anger?
He had been surviving on food and sleep, looking for her, when he reached the end of his rope. His father suggested a soul-swapping experiment. He tried it, only to find out that Little Mermaid was having daily encounters with handsome men!
Ye Junqing’s eyes lingered on Ye Xingguang for barely three seconds before Han Chengbei continued confidently: “Just forget it. Ye Junqing, that bastard, always acted superior to you. Everyone said how lucky you were to have him, but look now, it’s clearly a disgrace! My dear, I tell you, there’s nothing worse for a girl than to marry beneath her social standing. Those who do seldom find happiness.”
After Han Chengbei’s speech, he felt the temperature drop sharply. The source? Tang Zhou, oozing a natural-born murderous aura from every pore.
Perhaps due to an instinctual awareness of danger, Han Chengbei took three steps back and said: “Plastic teammate, calm down! I’m just stating the facts! The Queen of the Aslan Empire, even the ten great duchies have to bow before her, can Ye Junqing compete with such status? At most, Ye Junqing is only the brother of a president. He is of too low status!”
Whenever there was a chance to belittle Ye Junqing, Han Chengbei wouldn’t hold back!
A pity Ye Junqing wasn’t here, else he could have made him furious with a few choice words!
Ah, Han Chengbei sighed, feeling regretful!
“Han! Cheng! Bei!” Ye Junqing’s words seeped through gritted teeth. He would love to flay Han Chengbei alive. But, what was all this nonsense about the Queen of Aslan Empire?
“What, upset? I know you’re a big fan of Ye Junqing, oh, a fangirl. Unfortunately, all I’ve said are facts. Right now, there are countless handsome men wanting to court our dear girl. Your mighty Ye Junqing can only stand aside. Oh, and there’s also an official queen… what’s her name again… a progeny of a vampire?”
Who was this heir of the vampires? Han Chengbei didn’t know. The thought of Ye Xingguang, the love of Ye Junqing’s life, slipping from his grasp was incredibly satisfying.
Encouraged by his own musings, Han Chengbei continued: “Plastic teammate, from now on, your Master Ye Junqing won’t even qualify as a legitimate husband. Understand?”
Queen of the Aslan Empire, heir of the vampires; those phrases flooded Ye Junqing’s brain.
Despite not knowing where he was or what was going on, Ye Junqing suspected he knew what those two titles indicated.
Could such an absurd thing really happen?
Ye Junqing went silent, his face stern, lost in contemplation.
Could Little Mermaid be the Queen of the Aslan Empire?
The woman that pesky old man wanted him to marry?
Ye Junqing wasn’t sure, thus he kept silent, brooding. If his guesses were true, the world was playing a colossal joke on him, and God must harbor deep resentment for him to torment him so!noveldrama
“Could you please shut up?” Ye Xingguang snapped at Han Chengbei.
Then she turned towards Tang Zhou, who at this point was visibly irritated, and said: “Tang Zhou, don’t listen to his nonsense. I only have eyes for my beloved. No matter how many handsome men there are, even if they’re as charming as spring, I wouldn’t give them a second look.”
###Chapter 747: Chapter 747: Slapping Face So Fast, It’s Like a Tornado_1 Chapter 747: Chapter 747: Slapping Face So Fast, It’s Like a Tornado_1 Your household tumor?
Ye Junqing’s profound gaze was locked on her. Is this how she usually refers to him behind his back?
Considering she still knew that she was his woman, Ye Junqing decided to temporarily forgive her for the nickname she’d given him.
His deep gaze scanned her up and down, confirming that she looked healthy and spirited. She probably wasn’t suffering. Ye Junqing felt relieved.
Just then, a servant standing outside reported, “Your royal highness, Ying Qiao—the Empire’s most handsome man, Bai Yalan—the Empire’s leading scholar, Banquet Maple—the little prince of love songs, and Gui Baili—the Empire’s top young military general, are all ready. They are waiting for you to go sightseeing and enjoy nature. When would you decide to leave?”
One second ago, Ye Junqing still thought having a wife was not bad: “!!!”
At the drop of this sentence, it wasn’t only Ye Junqing whose heart broke, even Han Chengbei looked at Ye Xingguang with a surprised expression, “Eh, Little Starlight, you scheduled a meeting with all these handsome men to go sightseeing? I didn’t know you were such a Starlight.”
Ye Xingguang’s face was burning hot, she was forced to maintain composure despite all the teasing, she coughed lightly, “What nonsense. What else can I do being trapped here all day not thinking of a way out? I’m trying to find a way out. You two just stay here. I’ll head out first.”
She wanted to contact Yen’an, to have Yen’an inform that tumor about her current situation, so that he wouldn’t worry about not being able to find her on land. She didn’t want him to worry. She also wanted him to have a shot at taking over the position of the vampire heir.
Ugh, being a woman is so hard!
Ye Xingguang got up, taking dejected strides to leave.
If Tang Zhou allowed her to meet four handsome men alone and just stayed there, he couldn’t call himself Ye Junqing anymore!
He stepped forward, in a stormy pace, following her.
Seeing Tang Zhou stand up, Han Chengbei certainly wouldn’t let these random men frolic with Ye Xingguang. He decisively followed.
“Hey, what are you two doing? You two can’t go out. Don’t cause trouble. Just stay obediently in the palace, okay?”
Ye Junqing still hadn’t understood the meaning of ‘can’t go out.’ Han Chengbei extended his arm and tried to hook it around Ye Xingguang’s shoulder, “Why can’t we go out? Don’t we have the Shark Submarine? Even if there’s no Shark Submarine, Dolphin Submarine will do. We’ll both stay in the submarine, right, Plastic Teammate?”
“First, get your dirty hands off her!” Ye Junqing forcefully pulled Han Chengbei’s arm off Ye Xingguang’s shoulder. As if his wife was someone Han Chengbei could just casually embrace! If the friend or foe status wasn’t uncertain right now, he would hate to not tear one of Han Chengbei’s arms off.
With this thought, Ye Junqing fiercely shoved Han Chengbei away.
He wanted to hold her too. But considering his current identity as Tang Zhou, Ye Junqing repressed his urge to hold her in his arms.
After staggering for a couple of steps, Han Chengbei, rubbing his arm, said with irritation, “Damn! What’s wrong with a little hug? You’re not Ye Junqing, stop copying his stingy look. Wait, you’re actually getting quite good at acting like him.”
Ye Junqing didn’t want to deal with Han Chengbei, but he had to anyway: “Stay in the submarine?”
He hoped someone would explain to him what ‘can’t go out’ and ‘stay in the submarine’ meant.
“Exactly. We’ll stay in the submarine. My divine, what do you think?”
Ye Xingguang thought for a while: “Alright.”
Having two familiar people around wouldn’t make her feel lonely and without help.noveldrama
Walking out of the living room, Ye Xingguang told the servant, “Prepare the submarine.”
###Chapter 748: Chapter 748: Just Want to Cut Down a Tree!_1 Chapter 748: Chapter 748: Just Want to Cut Down a Tree!_1 Lord Ye finally understood why he couldn’t leave, why he needed a submarine. By then, he was already sitting inside a Shark-brand submarine, watching his dear Mermaid skillfully operate the vehicle. They left the place known as the palace and entered a sea that was not pitch black.
Before his eyes, he could still see beautiful corals, serving as a temporary art installation, much like the green belts on either side of a road on land.
The pearls that were even larger than footballs, were just as casually suspended like street lamps on a road.
If those pearls were to be auctioned off at an auction meeting, their value would be immeasurable, yet in this underwater city, they were merely common ornaments.
Just… What kind of place was this?
As Ye Xingguang was operating the Shark-brand submarine, he said, “Listen up, you two, I didn’t come here for a holiday. I just wanted to chop down a tree – the sacred tree that I mentioned could bring light to our empire. I had wanted to destroy it for a long time. Bloody hell, that thing is such a freak. You guys will never understand how freakish that tree is. It’s absolutely limitless!”
It left her with no privacy. Any slight change in her emotions would be sensed by the citizens of the empire. This feeling was like being naked, exposed in front of the whole empire. How could she bear it?
“Oh, my Lord, calm down. Tell me how freakish that tree is, and I’ll help you chop it down.” Han Chengbei retorted without hesitation.
“Anyway, you all just need to help me chop it down!”
A few submarines moved in the direction of the sacred tree.
From a distance, Han Chengbei saw a grand tree in the deep sea with such a thick trunk that even twenty people together could not encircle it. His confident voice suddenly became hesitant, “Oh, my Lord, are you sure we can chop down that tree?”
How many days would that take?
The tree was bigger and even more beautiful than the Tree of Life in the film “Avatar” he had seen. It was covered with small, nameless flowers that glowed softly, bringing light and hope to this underwater city. Could he really bear to chop down such a tree?
Isn’t that heartless?
Sitting next to Ye Xingguang, Lord Ye also glanced at the eerie sea tree that loomed over them. He had initially thought of destroying anything she disliked, but quickly retracted his thoughts.
One must act according to their capabilities.
Besides, he felt that chopping down such a tree might indeed provoke divine punishment.
Ye Xingguang parked the Shark submarine under the sacred tree, clenching her fist tightly and making a creaking sound with her fingers. “If we can’t chop down the trunk, we can chop a branch! I just want to chop down this tree! I am so annoyed by it, so irritated, so extremely irritated! Ahhhh!!”
At this moment, the empire’s most handsome man, Ying Qiao, driving a whale-shaped submarine, the empire’s best literary talent Bai Yalan, driving a dolphin-shaped submarine, the empire’s love song prince, Banquet Maple, driving a jellyfish-shaped submarine, and the empire’s top leader Gui Baili, driving a shark-shaped submarine, all parked their submarines and swam out.
Then, standing in front of the Shark submarine that Ye Xingguang was driving, they politely invited her to come out.
The scene ignited a fire in Lord Ye’s eyes!
“Do not go down!” Lord Ye captured Ye Xingguang’s wrist in a firm hold, his voice as deep as the sea.
Unfortunately, Ye Xingguang only thought he was Tang Zhou. She pulled her wrist back and said, “Don’t worry, you two should stay in the submarine, seriously don’t go down. If you get bored, just cruise around in the submarine. But remember, this submarine can only operate underwater and can’t reach the shore, just like a car on the ground can’t fly. It’s a technical restriction.”noveldrama
###Chapter 749: Chapter 749: Can you do something that a man should do?_1 Chapter 749: Chapter 749: Can you do something that a man should do?_1 After speaking, Ye Xingguang opened the door of the submarine.
The moment the submarine door opens, a natural waterproof barrier forms, preventing seawater from pouring in. People can freely pass through this barrier, and it disappears as soon as the door closes.
Prince Ye was about to go out, but he was stopped by Han Chengbei, “Plastic brother, don’t be impulsive. They are just a few handsome men. After all, it’s Prince Ye who was being cuckolded, not you. It’s safer to stay in the submarine. We can’t breathe underwater like them. Oh my God! She turned into a mermaid again, how can she look so good? If Xia Yanyan’s mermaid stands in front of her, she will definitely feel ashamed. Xia’s parents must be out of their minds to abandon such a national treasure of a daughter and only dote on Xia Yanyan.”
However, what Prince Ye was thinking about was whether that damn little fish tail, while wearing a skirt today, was not wearing any panties!
Currently trapped aboard the submarine and unable to leave, Prince Ye just wanted to strangle her!
Through the door of the submarine, Ye Xingguang could feel the stare Tang Zhou was giving her, an intention to violently tear her apart. What was going on? Was Tang Zhou possessed today? That was not like Tang Zhou at all. Why did she feel she was treated like scum?
Illusion!
It must be an illusion!
Ye Xingguang forced herself to ignore the murderous look in Tang Zhou’s eyes from inside the submarine. Her purpose today was to make the finest young talents of the empire understand she simply could not offer them her heart. So, could they please not set their hearts on her?
Being the finest young talents of the empire, couldn’t they be doing something more suitable for men?
Like her family’s big tumor, who rarely had time to accompany her on outings. If he wasn’t on a business trip, he was on his way to one. Even when she was sick, he was busy accompanying someone to play golf.
Of course, she had another purpose, to get close to the Empire’s Little Prince of Love Songs, Banquet Maple. Maybe Banquet Maple could give Yen’an a message on her behalf? After all, they are both part of Yen’s family.
Alternatively, was Yen’an unable to meet her just because she was in the palace? Then now that she was out and about, Yen’an, you dead bestie, hurry up and come out to me! I declared in advance yesterday that I would come here today to play at the Divine Tree. If you don’t show up, we are breaking off our relationship for good!!!
Because Ye Xingguang announced in advance that she would come to play under the Divine Tree, not only were there four talented young men accompanying her, but many imperial family daughters and talented youths also came. The scene was very lively.
The girls were making wishes to the Divine Tree, hoping to know their Mr. Right and weave a seafaring love story.
Seeing the other girls make wishes, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but mutter, “Can wishes come true?”
“Why not give it a try, your Highness?”noveldrama
The speaker was Ying Qiao, the most handsome man in the empire. Usually aloof, the moment he appeared beneath the Divine Tree, many girls were thrown into a frenzy, but he remained cold and distant, only showing a smile when facing Ye Xingguang. When he smiled, his eyes crinkled, and those eyes naturally seemed to flirt, irresistible to any girl.
However, Ye Xingguang felt that this man’s utilitarian heart was too strong?
He was aloof to other women but only smiled at her. Hah, what could this be called? Oh, right, his unsolicited kindness is either cunning or thievery!
Ye Xingguang, looking at the Divine Tree she constantly felt like hacking down, said, “Is there a need to make wishes? The Divine Tree already knows who I gave my heart to, and it’s so excited that even the iron tree has blossomed.”
###Chapter 750: Chapter 750: We Must Stand Tall and Proud Today_1 Chapter 750: Chapter 750: We Must Stand Tall and Proud Today_1 “Even the sacred tree realizes you’re committed, yet you still play the field, Muya Jiushu. Don’t you think you’re despicable and lowly?” A woman in a purple waterproof skirt swam over, straightforward both in character and in her ability to insult without any sugarcoating.
Ye Xingguang squinted her eyes at the newcomer. Even after all these years, she recognized the young woman as Geshu Yuan, the pampered heiress of one of the six great families, the Geshu Family. Since her younger years, Geshu Yuan, with her illustrious background, and the Fifth Princess, who once sent Geshu Chen to assassinate her, often found excuses to bully her because she was a powerless heiress.
Back then, she felt powerless and vulnerable. To survive in the empire, she thought she should keep a low profile, avoid conflicts, and swallow all grievances. She didn’t want to be a fool who pitted an egg against a rock, so she suffered quite a bit from Geshu Yuan.
Who would’ve thought she’d bump into Geshu Yuan just a few days after returning to the empire?
Well…
Geshu Yuan is still the same, but she, Ye Xingguang, is not the same timid girl anymore.
Ye Xingguang chuckled derisively, “Are you just jealous because you can’t attract the empire’s young elites due to your lack of abilities, hence your resentment? Calm down, after all, it’s destined. How could you be envious of things like this?”
“You, you…” Geshu Yuan was choked off by Ye Xingguang’s comeback and managed to sputter after a while, “Muya Jiushu! What are you so arrogant about?! You, a killer, you killed my beloved cousin and killed so many of our family members. How come you, a murderer, could return to the imperial city to inherit the throne?”
“You should ask your family’s third elder. He was the one who begged me to return. If you’re upset about it, save it. Plus, what’s your rank? Seeing me, and yet not saluting? Is this the manners taught in your Geshu family? Tsk, so much for a family with a millennial legacy!”
“Geshu Yuan, you are indeed too rude. Muya Jiushu is not a name you can call casually. You should bow respectfully and address her as ‘Your Majesty’. ” Another woman in red swam over and performed a perfect bow, showing Geshu Yuan how it was done before she introduced herself, “Your Majesty, welcome back to the country. I am Ying Min, and Ying Qiao is my elder brother.”
“Hmm, your Ying family is indeed a genuine millennia-old family. You fare much better in etiquette and manners than the Geshu family. Geshu Yuan, now that Ying Min has given you a standard demonstration, do you understand how to act?”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang didn’t mind acting like a wicked queen who used her power to oppress others. There was a time when she remembered being pinned down by Geshu Yuan. Now asking Geshu Yuan to bow to her was utterly merciful. She felt compelled to praise herself!
In the capital, Geshu Yuan was used to having free rein, making others cater to her every whim. She never needed to consider anyone else’s feelings. The idea of her bowing to Ye Xingguang was unimaginable, unless the sun rose from the west. Especially considering the fact that Bai Yalan, whom Geshu Yuan had always secretly loved, was currently in Ye Xingguang’s company, adding insult to injury.
Steaming with anger, she addressed the four prominent young men of the empire who accompanied Ye Xingguang, “Have you all forgotten what she did to massacre the royal heirs? Were none of you affected—losing friends or relatives at her hands? Why are you fawning over her? Show some spine, let’s join forces and resist her ascension!”
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here. More will come tomorrow. Mua, do we have any more votes for the month? Please vote, I need more votes ~~]
###Chapter 751: Chapter 751: The Scent of Love_1 Chapter 751: Chapter 751: The Scent of Love_1 Unfortunately, though she spoke with righteous indignation, nobody at the scene supported her. For some reason, Ye Xingguang felt that Geshu Yuan wasn’t that deplorable anymore, as least he was somewhat sincere. Even the childhood memories of him bullying her now seemed trivial.
That’s right, gather your mates to defy my coronation. After all, I don’t want to ascend the throne anyway!
It suddenly occurred to Ye Xingguang that she might be able to use Geshu Yuan to help her escape.
While Ye Xingguang was cheerfully fantasizing about this, Geshu Yuan, suddenly focused his eyes on her neck and asked loudly, “What are you wearing around your neck? How come the Sacred Stone is in your possession?”
Upon hearing this, all the men and women lingering under the Sacred Tree cast their eyes on Ye Xingguang’s neck.
“Sacred Stone? What Sacred Stone? The one that the God of the Sea wears? Is Her Majesty the Queen really the God of the Sea?”
“That’s right, Her Majesty the Queen is indeed wearing the Sacred Stone. That’s an accessory exclusive to the God of the Sea. I heard it was lost many years ago. How did it end up around Her Majesty’s neck?”noveldrama
“What other reason could there be? Undoubtedly, Her Majesty the Queen is the God of the Sea as recognized by the Sacred Tree. Only Her Majesty has the right to possess the Sacred Stone. Only under her rule can our country enjoy long-lasting peace and prosperity. That’s why we insist on waiting for Her Majesty to ascend the throne. None of the others qualify to do so. Her Majesty the Queen is not a murderer, she is a leader of the new era!”
The empire’s subjects are devout followers of the God of the Sea, and they constitute the core force supporting Ye Xingguang’s ascension to the throne.
Ye Xingguang looked down at the Diamond of Doom hanging around her neck, and with a smile replied, “Why do you think is the reason? Of course, it’s because it is destined to be mine. Or what else could it be?”
At the auction, she instantly recognized that this blue diamond was not the Diamond of Doom people talked about, but the Sacred Stone that the empire had lost.
The Sacred Stone was originally embedded in the mermaid statue at the top of the empire’s holy temple, a blue diamond that was considered sacrosanct and inviolable by the subjects of the empire. Hence, nobody believed that someone would dare to remove the Sacred Stone from the mermaid’s neck and steal it.
When the Sacred Stone was stolen, it was a major case. An investigation was launched and the real culprit was found, but unfortunately, he had already sold the Sacred Stone. After changing hands a few times, the last owner claimed that he lost the Sacred Stone in the sea during his escape. All these years it had remained lost, as finding it would be like looking for a needle in the sea, simply impossible!
Geshu Yuan glared at her, “That belongs to the God of the Sea!”
“So, the Sacred Stone recognizes me as the God of the Sea. Any issues with that?” Ye Xingguang played with the Sacred Stone around her neck. The blue light emitted from the Sacred Stone matched the blue on her tail, complementing each other beautifully.
Geshu Yuan was so furious he couldn’t find his words. Pointing at Ye Xingguang, he shouted, “Just you wait! I will never allow the murderer who killed my cousin to become Her Majesty the Queen! I am the first to !”
After saying that, Geshu Yuan stormed off angrily. The thought that his favorite cousin, the Fifth Princess, was murdered by Muya Jiushu, and his beloved Geshu Chen was killed by Muya Jiushu as well, and that his beloved Bai Yalan was now accompanying Muya Jiushu, filled him with rage that made him shake. The more he thought about it, the angrier he got…
Bai Yalan watched Geshu Yuan’s retreating figure and said, “I hope Her Majesty the Queen won’t take it personally with Yuaner. He is indeed rather impulsive. I will find someone to reason with him later on.”
###Chapter 752: Chapter 752 Night of the Enraged Vat of Vinegar_1 Chapter 752: Chapter 752 Night of the Enraged Vat of Vinegar_1 Ying Min had long detected Geshu Yuan’s secret crush on Bai Yalan, who also seemed to have a soft spot for Geshu Yuan. She approached Bai Yalan and gave him a small smile. “Brother Bai, why don’t you go and console her? I believe your attempt to enlighten her might be more effective. Ye Xingguang has my brother to keep her company here.”
Ye Xingguang was scanning the crowd, hoping to spot Yen’an amongst it. Hearing this, she waved Bai Yalan off, “Is that so? Then off you go. Honestly, I’m not keen on any of you. It’s a waste of time entertaining me.”
Bai Yalan gave a bitter smile, “Duty calls. If I leave now, I wouldn’t be able to face the consequences back home.”
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt a camaraderie with him. They were both forced into blind meetings with potential partners, both knowing the hardship of the other.
A big trouble awaited her at home, yet here she was, acting like a fool while the potential suitors stared at her.
It was clear that Ying Qiao, who always wore an icy demeanor no matter where he went, wasn’t good at verbally charming women. He could only rely on his captivating eyes and smile.
The pop prince of love songs, Banquet Maple, was quite eloquent. Yet his thoughts were on his beloved in the distance, making it hard for him to be the center of attention. If he tried, his sensitive heart would certainly rebel!
As for the country’s number one commander, Gui Baili, the less said the better. He seemed even more reluctant than Ye Xingguang, his face stern from start to finish. As if his role wasn’t to accompany Ye Xingguang, but to act as her bodyguard, his vigilant dark eyes watching out for anyone who might harbor a grudge and attempt to assassinate Ye Xingguang, much like Geshu Yuan.
Seeing everyone standing in silence, Ying Min tactfully changed the subject: “Your Highness, are those two in the submarine your friends from the mainland?”noveldrama
A shark-shaped submarine kept hovering above them, never straying more than two meters away. It was impossible to ignore.
Even though Ye Qianqing had never driven a shark-submarine, he had learned the basics just from observing Ye Xingguang. If it wasn’t for Han Chengbei blocking him, he would have plunged straight towards her, scattering the men around her!
“It seems that your friends aren’t content to stay in the submarine. Why don’t we go sit in the coral room? The room has a waterproof barrier and is very dry. Your friends are welcome to join us and we can get acquainted. Rarely do we see those from the mainland.”
Many had never been to the mainland, or their ancestors hadn’t been there for three generations. It was said that technology on the mainland lagged behind, but their food culture was something to look forward to.
Ye Xingguang raised an eyebrow, “Is that so? Then what are we waiting for!”
Two minutes later, she had dragged Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei, who had been circling above her head in the muggy submarine, into the coral room.
The coral room was a large recreation room located below the holy tree. The most mesmerizing part of the coral room was a mirror connected to the holy tree, known to locals as the “Mirror of True Love”, which could test whether two people were truly in love.
Han Chengbei, hearing this, couldn’t resist the temptation to test it with “Tang Zhou”. He was really curious. How could Tang Zhou think of getting engaged to Leng Chenmo? Weren’t they sworn enemies? How could they possibly be true lovers?
###Chapter 753: Chapter 753 The Moment to Test True Love has Arrived_1 Chapter 753: Chapter 753 The Moment to Test True Love has Arrived_1 Han Chengbei forcibly pulled “Tang Zhou” before the Love Magic Mirror and asked the nimble Ying Min, “Babe, how do we test it?”
“It’s two million per try, just put your fingerprint here to pay, then choose the True Love Test. The mirror will show the person you love the most in your heart. I know you guys don’t have currency from the Empire, no problem, I can swipe for you.”
“Two million per try, such shrewd business sense? I never let beautiful women pay for me, just put it on her tab.” Han Chengbei pointed to Ye Xingguang who was standing nearby and watching the fun.
The exchange rate between the Empire’s currency and A Country’s currency is different. Inflation is rampant in the Empire, and two million is equivalent to just two hundred in A Country.
Ye Xingguang doesn’t have money, not even two hundred.
Ying Min had already swiped her fingerprint. In the Empire, a single fingerprint makes payment anywhere, super convenient. After swiping, she said, “The Queen doesn’t need to repay, it’s petty cash. Now you can press the True Love Test button, but only one person can test, others should not appear in the mirror.”
Han Chengbei immediately retreated outside the range where the Magic Mirror could reflect, his index finger heavily pressed the True Love Test button, exaggeratingly said:
“Magic Mirror, magic Mirror, do tell me please, who does the person you shine upon truly love in their heart?”
Ye Junqing, with his dark eyes half-closed, gave Han Chengbei a cold glance without avoiding it. It wasn’t his body anyway.
Who knew that, seconds later, a woman’s image appeared in the mirror, a woman who was close at hand.
In an instant, everyone’s gaze fell on Ye Xingguang. It turned out that this local man was also smitten with the Queen of the Empire.
“Damn! You like her?” Han Chengbei was shocked.
Ye Xingguang was completely taken aback: “!!!!!!”
Could it be that she was really the beloved from Tang Zhou’s heart?
Ye Xingguang looked up to meet “Tang Zhou’s” dark eyes, suddenly unsure of how to deal with this reality. Uh, what about her brother?
Ye Junqing directly uttered two words: “No.”
After finishing speaking, he backed away two steps and pushed Ye Xingguang in front of the Love Magic Mirror, and said to Ying Min: “Can you, Miss, pay the fee again, thank you.”
“You said ‘no’, but you’re asking Xingguang to try, don’t you know that it’s two million per test!” Han Chengbei felt sorry for the money he was being tricked out of for this sketchy item that cost two million each time.
Ye Junqing ignored Han Chengbei, his deep gaze was on the Love Magic Mirror. Suddenly, he had a newfound respect for this gizmo. It’s more than just a bit tricky, it’s practically a truth machine, even if he’s changed bodies, he could not escape its judgement.noveldrama
Ye Junqing suddenly became very interested. It was time to test true love, would little mermaid love him or not, one look would tell!
“Your Majesty the Queen, are you going to conduct the test?” Shu Min had already prepared to pay the fee with her fingerprint.
Ye Xingguang was not afraid at all: “Sure, do one for me. I think the four who came with me should also do one. After I’m done, you guys follow one by one. I need to know if you really care about me in your hearts, after all, one cannot be too casual with the one they share their bed with.”
Ye Xingguang suddenly had a good excuse to reasonably get back at her “blind date candidates!”
“Huh?” Ying Min was stunned. What if the person in her brother’s heart wasn’t the Queen, would she get kicked out on the spot?
Han Chengbei had already rolled his sleeves, waiting for Ying Min to pay reluctantly, he was all for mischief: “Magic mirror, magic mirror, tell me please, the woman my heart loves most must be me!”
[There will be more updates during the day, good night, seeking monthly tickets, seeking recommendation tickets]
###Chapter 754: Chapter 754 This is the Man I Like!_1 Chapter 754: Chapter 754 This is the Man I Like!_1 Unfortunately, no matter how loudly Han Chengbei shouted, a few seconds later, the person reflected in the mirror was still Ye Junqi, his face full of innate nobility and arrogance. His natural calmness quickly attracted the attention of many girls around him, all wanting to know who the tall man appearing in the mirror actually was?
Han Chengbei glanced at Ye Junqi in the mirror, “Damn! This magic mirror definitely scams people, it’s not accurate at all!”
Ye Junqi stared at his own reflection in the mirror, his eyes filled with quiet spoiling. If not for their identities, he would have held her close and showered her with love at this moment.
“I find it quite accurate actually.” Ye Xingguang laughed, pointed at the man in the mirror, and said to today’s “blind date candidates”: “This is the man I like, his name is Ye Junqi!”
Among the watching girls, someone gasped: “What a handsome man.”
Ye Xingguang raised her chin slightly, proudly. She admitted to being attracted to looks. “Alright, you four, would you like to try this out too? Ying Qiao, you go first.”
“I think my brother should pass, why not let Bai Yalan try?” Ying Min didn’t have much confidence in his own brother.
But Ye Xingguang did not want to miss this opportunity to reject the person beside her bed, “Don’t worry, everyone will get their turn. Ying Qiao?”
Ying Qiao thought that was fine, he was not interested in being “one of the three wives and four concubines” to begin with, but couldn’t resist a family command. If this time the mirror showed that his true love was not the queen, then he would have a legitimate reason to withdraw in the future.
With this in mind, he stepped forward and approached the magic mirror.
Ying Min’s face was filled with constipation-like stress: “Brother, are you sure you want to do this?”
“Pay.” Ying Qiao responded with two words.
Ying Min felt like he was definitely going to be punished when he returned to the family home later, so he paid two million and then, on behalf of his brother, pressed the true love test button. A few seconds later, a young girl appeared in the mirror, but the girl was not Ye Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang put on an exaggerated look of hurt, “Ying Qiao, so you’ve already got a crush. Congratulations, congrats! That girl is beautiful, but she’s not me. I’ll definitely help you talk to the second elder. How could I ever steal someone’s love?”
Ying Qiao did not say anything, his expressive eyes were still full of gratefulness.
However, just because he couldn’t pass this test, it didn’t mean he wanted others to pass. He gestured for Bai Yalan to have a turn.noveldrama
Bai Yalan could not escape the eyes of the magic mirror. When she tried, it reflected Geshu Yuan.
Ye Xingguang was incredibly surprised, she had never expected that Geshu Yuan, the city’s top scholar, would have her in his heart. It’s a pity that Geshu Yuan wasn’t there, or he would have been ecstatic.
After Bai Yalan, it was the turn of the love song prince, Banquet Maple. When he stood in front of the mirror, he couldn’t help but glance at the surrounding crowd, clearly looking for his love interest, eager to prove his sincerity to her with the mirror’s help.
A few seconds later, a girl in the crowd nudged another girl’s arm, exclaiming in excitement, “Wow! Yin Yun, the person Banquet Maple likes is you! Look, the person reflected in the mirror is you.”
The girl named Yin Yun suddenly blushed, stomping her foot forcefully before dashing off.
“Yin Yun, don’t go.” Banquet Maple was immediately worried, quickly chasing after her, afraid that his sweetheart might be upset.
Ye Xingguang, watching the whole scene, couldn’t help but laugh to herself. To the elders, what would they do if their own offspring did not cooperate with their plans?
###Chapter 755: Chapter 755: Am I Now Inside Brother Qing’s Body?_1 Chapter 755: Chapter 755: Am I Now Inside Brother Qing’s Body?_1 The last one to appear was Gui Baili, the First Young Master of the Empire, who exuded a formidable allure from top to toe. His handsome face reflected in the enchanted mirror gave off a tranquil yet dangerous vibe, prompting even Ye Junqing to take an extra glance at him.
Many girls gathered around, curious to know who had captivated the heart of Gui Baili, the First Young Master of the Empire. It was common knowledge that Gui Baili held control over more than half of the Empire’s military power. This tall, tightly-buttoned man in black military uniform, young, cool, and ruthless, struck fear into many influential figures upon hearing his name.
However, after a minute of the enchanted mirror’s reflection, Gui Baili’s face exhibited no trace of emotion.
“How should we interpret this?” Han Chengbei was curious.
Ying Min explained, “This indicates that Young Marshal Gui’s heart is unmoved; there’s still no girl who has managed to occupy a place in his heart.”
After his explanation, Ying Min added thoughtfully, “This includes Her Majesty the Queen.”
If her own brother couldn’t be chosen, she wouldn’t let Gui Baili benefit either.
Ye Junqing narrowed his eyes. Having ruled out three of his love rivals, only Gui Baili, whose heart was unmoved, gave him cause for disquiet. The man, seen by Ye Junqing as a thorn in his side, provoked feelings of jealousy, and a feeling of antipathy towards everyone.
Just as he was thinking this, he suddenly felt a wave of dizziness. Realizing what was happening, Ye Junqing cursed under his breath, “Damn it, time’s up!”
…
An hour earlier, Tang Zhou, who was muttering under his breath within the palace, also felt the onset of dizziness. Once he recovered, the first thing he saw was the deep and restrained face of Leng Chenmo… a hallucination?
Leng Chenmo looked at Ye Junqing in front of him, and softly called out, “Little Boat?”
It’s real?
“Little follower, you finally found me?” Tang Zhou jumped up in excitement.
But something didn’t seem right. Why was he on the sea, to be more precise, on the deck? The sunlight shining on his face gave him an unreal feeling. Wasn’t he supposed to be at the ocean floor?
Hearing the words “little follower”, Leng Chenmo sighed in relief. Yes, it was Tang Zhou, they had succeeded!
“Little follower, why am I here?” At this point, Tang Zhou was still unaware that he was residing in Ye Junqing’s body, thinking he had been saved. However, he was confused about the rescue process.
On the deck, apart from Leng Chenmo, there was another person, Ye Baixiu. Tang Zhou called out, “Godfather, you’re here too?”noveldrama
Ye Baixiu nodded, and then showed Tang Zhou his reflection in a mirror. He said, “Long story short, we’re short of time; you weren’t rescued. You and Junqing have exchanged souls; you are now in Junqing’s body. Now, don’t ask anything else, and tell us what happened. Who kidnapped you both, and where were you taken?”
This information was vital for planning the rescue.
“What the!” Tang Zhou frantically examined his reflection in the mirror. “What the hell is going on?!”
“I’m now in Junqing’s body? Then where did Junqing go?”
Leng Chenmo’s low voice was soothing, as if imbued with a calming influence: “Ye Junqing is in your body. Given the urgency of the situation, this was the only action we could take to quickly ascertain your current situation. Tell me, everything we don’t know about.”
Leng Chenmo glanced at his watch: “The soul exchange can only be maintained for an hour. After an hour, you both will return to your respective bodies. In the past few days, has anyone mistreated you? Have you been left hungry?”
###Chapter 756: Chapter 756: Really? Can Brother Qing hold it back? _1 Chapter 756: Chapter 756: Really? Can Brother Qing hold it back? _1 Leng Chenmo feared for his suffering, so when Ye’s uncle proposed the unthinkable method of soul swapping to find clues to save someone, Leng Chenmo agreed without hesitation. If it meant letting Lord Ye replace Tang Zhou in enduring an hour’s torment, Leng Chenmo saw no reason to refuse!
“Soul swapping?!!!!!!” It took Tang Zhou two whole minutes to digest the idea, his mind nearly exploding!
If Lord Ye was going to inhabit his body, wouldn’t that mean seeing his incomplete male and female organs when he needed to use the restroom?
“Me!! Why the hell me! Why not swap with Han Chengbei!!!!!!” Tang Zhou raged.
“Is Han Chengbei there too?
Leng Chenmo was not aware of this.
“Yes, he is! Do the swap with him instead, hurry!” Tang Zhou was frantic.
Predicting Tang Zhou’s anxiety, Leng Chenmo tried to calm him down, his voice steady and peaceful: “Alright, don’t panic. I warned him, he’s not to touch anything on you, not even one hand with the other. Even if he wants to go to the restroom, he must hold it in. He has agreed.”
“Really? Can Lord Ye hold it in?” Tang Zhou was scared and filled with doubts.
Ye Baixiu, who was sitting next to him, was like: “…”
Grunting heavily, he walked away.
Youth these days, so overly fastidious that it’s incomprehensible. What’s the big deal about one hand touching the other?
In order to chase his wife, he had given up his identity as Crown Prince to permanently swap souls with Song Chuanqi, he couldn’t return to his original body anymore. But he didn’t feel any discomfort. The generation gap was truly wide!
Only with much difficulty did Leng Chenmo manage to stabilize Tang Zhou’s volatile heart and enquired about the previous question: “Were you maltreated?”
“…Okay, sure. As long as Lord Ye doesn’t need to go to the restroom, I’d begrudgingly let him use my body. I wasn’t maltreated, but they kept feeding me seafood every single day to the point of feeling sick, don’t they have hot pot?”
Leng Chenmo: “…”
“Even Mala Tang would do, I haven’t tasted anything spicy in these few days.”
Leng Chenmo: “…”
“Poor follower, you absolutely cannot imagine, the mythical kingdom of Atlantis really exists! We were brought to the Atlantis kingdom these few days, which is on the seabed plain about twenty thousand meters underwater. Wow, their technology could undoubtedly obliterate any country’s technology on land! Most importantly, Little Starlight turns out to be queen of the Atlantis kingdom. Compared to her, your status as the Imperial Grandson of S country doesn’t seem to be that peculiar!”
Leng Chenmo: “…”
“Those people captured Little Starlight to have her ascend to the throne. She’s a national treasure who is worth inheriting the throne! They even planned to fill her harem with suitors. Many noble families tried to thrust candidates into her harem, and guess what! Her official male queen must be a heir of a vampire clan, I believe Lord Ye must be infuriated for sure!”
Leng Chenmo: “…”
“The coolest part was their submarines, more bling and stunning than sports cars! Ah, I so want to buy one. Ever seen a shark-shaped submarine? It looks like a shark, incredibly impressive. Lord Ye’s Rolls-Royce vehicle is nothing in comparison!!”
Leng Chenmo: So, while he, Leng Chenmo, spent these few days worrying sick, the other guy was pigging out on grub and playing with new tech?
As Leng Chenmo heaved a sigh of relief, his face filled with resignation, he wanted to hold him in his arms. But facing Lord Ye’s body, it was something he couldn’t muster to do. Eventually, he could only trudge off to the kitchen in the ship’s cabin dejectedly asking if they could whip up something spicy for Tang Zhou, to let him have a change of taste.noveldrama
###Chapter 757: Chapter 757 He Wants to Honorably Bring Little Mermaid Home_1 Chapter 757: Chapter 757 He Wants to Honorably Bring Little Mermaid Home_1 The chef on board made a bowl of hot spicy noodles for Tang Zhou.
Tang Zhou sat on the deck of the yacht, enjoying the sunshine and sea breeze while eating heartily. Between mouthfuls, he said, “I’m eating this for Qian Ge, I’m just trying the flavor.”
Leng Chenmo poured him a cup of milk to combat the spiciness of the noodles. “Eat slowly, no one’s rushing you. Also, was there any danger to personal safety where you guys were?”
Tang Zhou replied, “Absolutely not. When Little Starlight arrived at that underwater empire twenty thousand meters deep, it was a ghost town. Everyone was worshiping her, she was loved more than when Ting Ge became the President. However, the power struggle there was very intense. Every aristocratic family wanted to place a confidant next to Little Starlight, including an unknown heir of vampires, who became Qian Ge’s biggest love rival.”
As long as there was no immediate danger, that was good enough.noveldrama
After Tang Zhou finished eating and drinking, he suddenly remembered something and said, “Oh, Little Starlight is looking for a woman named Yen’an. I remember that woman once had a project with the Ye family. You should let Qian Ge find Yen’an, I’m not sure where…”
Tang Zhou pondered for a while: “Right, Bugu Island. Little Starlight said she had gone there with Xia Ye Zhao. You should find Xia Ye Zhao, he might know where Bugu Island is.”
“Alright.” Leng Chenmo handed him a napkin.
Tang Zhou wiped his mouth with the napkin, then continued to share what he had seen and experienced with Leng Chenmo. An hour passed in a blink of an eye. He was in full swing of his storytelling when he suddenly started feeling dizzy: “Ah, I’m so dizzy…”
Before he could finish his sentence, his voice faded away.
Leng Chenmo looked at his wristwatch. An hour, so short?
A time too brief for such affections to foster.
Ye Junqing kept silent for a few minutes, his sharp gaze sweeping across the sea and the blue sky. He pinched the bridge of his nose, took a moment to collect himself, and felt the time too brief, a time too short for such affections to foster.
“Ye Junqing?” Leng Chenmo called his name.
“It’s me.”
Ye Junqing got up, walked to the edge of the deck, leaned on the railing, and thought for a long time. He took out his phone, looked up a string of phone numbers from the blacklist, removed it from it, then dialed the number.
However, a voice from the phone said: “Sorry, the number you dialed is out of service…”
Leng Chenmo walked over to him, his hand landing on Ye Junqing’s shoulder, giving him a few hearty pats: “Do you need to exchange information? According to what we got from Tang Zhou, Little Starlight is the queen of a technologically advanced underwater nation. It’s too deep for our current submarine technology to reach, and she also has a fiancé there… um, the heir of the vampires. Ye Junqing, I don’t want to sympathize with you, but now… Take care.”
“What do you mean take care, I am the heir of the vampires! The only fiancé of my woman from beginning to end is me!” Ye Junqing coldly rebutted, not giving Leng Chenmo a chance to revel in his misfortune.
But the number he called, which belonged to some old man, was out of service. Clearly, the man had changed his number.
The priority now was to find the old man. If he had known earlier that Little Starlight was the queen of the Atlantis Empire, would he have even thought about rejecting her?
God, he was being made a fool of!
All he wanted now was to find the old man as soon as possible, and then openly marry the mermaid as the heir of the vampires!
###Chapter 758: Chapter 758 Found it, it should be there! _1 Chapter 758: Chapter 758 Found it, it should be there! _1 Leng Chenmo looked at Ye Jun Qing in astonishment, “Are you a vampire?”
Ye Jun Qing ignored Leng Chenmo and started to ponder on how he could contact the old man. He remembered that the old man used to call him once or twice a year, asking why he was torturing himself. Annoyed, he had blocked the old man’s number two years ago. Now he regretted it, realizing in despair that he had no other way of reaching the old man.
Leng Chenmo mentioned, “Xiao Zhou said to look for a woman named Yen’an.”
“Yen’an?” Ye Jun Qing remembered having her number on his phone.
He dialed it, but all he got was, “I’m sorry, the number you’ve dialed is temporarily out of service.”
Leng Chenmo, eager to find Xiao Zhou as well, offered another idea, “There’s another way. Yen’an is on Bugu Island. Xiao Zhou said that Xingguang once took Xia Ye Zhao there. You contact Xia Ye Zhao, tell him to hurry over. We can go to Bugu Island, and maybe, find some clues there.”
Ye Jun Qing frowned, “Alright.”
…
On the other hand, Tang Zhou, who was dizzy, suddenly woke up only to find himself back in the Aslanth Empire. Grabbing Han Chengbei’s hand immediately, he asked, “Plastic brother, did I go to the toilet in this last hour?”
Han Chengbei pulled his hand away dismissively, “Whether or not you went to the toilet. You wouldn’t know that on your own without asking me?”
“Just assume I’m a moron and tell me, did I go to the restroom or not?”
Ignoring him, Tang Zhou turned to ask Ye Xingguang.
“Not at all. Do you need to use the restroom?”
“Just as long as I didn’t, haha, no, I don’t need the toilet. Where are we right now?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to deal with Tang Zhou either, not after realizing that she was the one he truly loved. She decided to keep his distance in the future, unwilling to be perceived as a love rival by her brother Leng Chenmo. How could she bury these feelings of Tang Zhou’s?
Ye Xingguang was frustrated. She missed her beloved and the little creature hatching in the egg. Was Yen’an dead, not taking advantage of this perfect moment to see her? How could she communicate her status to the outside world?
Just then, an excited Tang Zhou leaned towards her ear, whispering, “Xiaoxing, I have a secret to tell you.”
Once Tang Zhou finished, Ye Xingguang eyes lit up, “Are you being serious or just joking, actually…”
Ye Xingguang stomped her foot in realization, is that why the mirror showed Tang Zhou’s true love was her?noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was enlightened and overwhelmingly excited, feeling inexplicably warm and fuzzy being fed this loveiness.
However, this joy lasted only two seconds before she tensed her brows again. This naughty guy, he didn’t tell her. All he did was show her a sulky face. Did she do something to make him angry?
Tang Zhou pat Ye Xingguang on the back, “Brother Qing will surely figure out a way to save us!”
What Ye Xingguang thought was, she hoped the tumor would be clever enough to find Yen’an and the location of the vampires. To save her, he had to try to become the successor of the vampires. Only then could her current predicament be solved once and for all. Otherwise, there would be a next time, causing an endless cycle.
…
Two days later, Xia Ye Zhao stood on a yacht, using a telescope to search the vast sea. After a long search, he pointed at a speck of land that had just emerged into view, “Found it, it should be there!”
Thanks to Xia Ye Zhao’s good memory, they were able to locate Bugu Island among the vast ocean.
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. I will continue tomorrow. Don’t forget to vote and recommend, thanks~]
###Chapter 759: Chapter 759: Another Wife-pampering Maniac_1 Chapter 759: Chapter 759: Another Wife-pampering Maniac_1 After arriving on the island, Xia Ye Zhao relied on his memory to find the waterfall, the patch of grassland, and the several small wooden cabins.
When the group found the cabins, Yen’an was comfortably lounging on a deck chair, facing the sky. Behind her stood a tall, handsome man who was gently washing her head. Her brown, fluffy hair, was being treated like a treasured doll in his hands.
The man gently asked Yen’an: “Is the water too hot?”
“It’s not hot, it’s just right, Big White. What do I do if I never want to wash my own hair again?”
The handsome man, named Bai Xiao, was crazy about his wife and said directly: “Then let me wash it for you.”
“Big White, I love you. Once I’ve made enough money, let’s buy a big mansion. You have to wash my hair while we’re lounging in that mansion. The eye masks I’m working on in partnership with the Ye family will soon be out on the market. We’ll be rich soon.”
As Yen’an reveled in her dreams of wealth, she suddenly heard someone call her: “Miss Yan.”
Bai Xiao looked up and stared at the three intruders, his gaze full of danger: “Who’s there?”
Yen’an opened her eyes wide, lifted her head slightly: “Mr. Ye? How did you get here?”
“Of course, I came especially to find you.”
Ye Jun Qing strode forward. This secluded and untouched island was really hard to find, but at least he found this woman.
Without much formality, Ye Jun Qing blurted out: “My woman is trapped in the palace of Atlantis Empire. She asked me to find you, Miss Yan, and hopes you can offer some real help. I can give you a big mansion for free in return.”
“What did you just say?” Yen’an abruptly sat upright, splashing Bai Xiao with water from her wet hair.
Bai Xiao helplessly wrapped her wet hair with a dry towel. It was obvious he often washed her hair.
Yen’an usually dresses quite revealingly, even more so at home where modesty seemed to be forgotten. She’d just finished swimming beneath the waterfall in the nearby field, and was currently wearing a skimpy bikini. Bai Xiao wouldn’t allow three men to get a free show of his wife.
A large white bathrobe was immediately draped over Yen’an, hiding everything from her neck downwards. Then, carrying Yen’an in his arms, he faced the three unexpected visitors. “Sorry, please wait till she changes.”
Mr. Ye, Leng Chenmo, and Xia Ye Zhao all kept silent. As men, they understood and silently acquiesced.
Five minutes later, Yen’an, dressed in long clothes and pants, was brought out by Bai Xiao. As she walked out complaining, she also cursed Bai Xiao: “You knew about this all along and didn’t tell me! No wonder you’ve been so free these last few days, accompanying me on this island every day. Big White, you knew Little Nine is my best friend. You’ve gone too far. I want a divorce!”noveldrama
“Yen’an, assuming the throne is her fate. It’s not something that you or I can prevent,” Bai Xiao attempted to reason with her.
Yen’an wouldn’t listen: “What bullshit destiny, I only know that a girl must marry someone she loves to live a worthwhile life. You knew that Little Nine didn’t want to marry the successor of the damn vampire clan, yet you watched her being pushed into a pit of flames. You didn’t even mention a thing to me! I want a divorce, we’ll remarry in seven days!”
Bai Xiao tried to catch up to her, Yen’an lifted her leg and gave him a kick. Bai Xiao was actually knocked to the ground. The glances of Ye Jun Qing, Leng Chenmo, and Xia Ye Zhao simultaneously turned towards Bai Xiao. The man’s acting skills were first-class as he fell without a flaw, providing them a great show!
###Chapter 760: Chapter 760: The Crownless King of the Land_1 Chapter 760: Chapter 760: The Crownless King of the Land_1 Unfortunately, no matter how stellar his acting was, Yen’an didn’t want to deal with him. She strode toward Lord Ye in cat-like steps, showing no sympathy for Bai Xiao’s sorry state after his fall. That bastard had deceived her! She refused to compromise on such a matter of principle.
Lord Ye didn’t mess around, speaking directly. “Miss Yen’an, I just want to know where the vampire stronghold is located. Just tell me the address. I don’t need your help with anything else.”noveldrama
“Wait, what? Are you going to kill the heir of the vampires? Excuse me, Lord Ye, but while your aspirations are grand, reality might not cooperate… Still, I admire your courage, so I’ll tell you where the vampire’s stronghold is.”
Having finished speakiing, the beautiful and charming Yen’an pivoted and roared at Bai Xiao, “You big lug! You are to guide Lord Ye to the stronghold of the vampires!”
Bai Xiao calmly got up from the ground, helpless against the whims of this enchanting lady. She really was a force of nature!
However, when dealing with Lord Ye, Bai Xiao adopted a different, indifferent attitude. Speaking bluntly, he said: “Lord Ye, you’re thinking too much. The vampires never had a stronghold. They have been living among you earthlings for a long time, blending into ordinary families. There’s no stronghold; instead, you can find a few vampires in every city on Earth. Ordinary people just don’t know they’re vampires. Moreover, as far as I know, the vampires living among normal people mostly have high statuses, and many of them even control a lot of dark forces.”
Lord Ye stayed silent. Although he didn’t know much about vampires, the old man had told him a thing or two: if he decided to become the heir, then he would be the uncrowned king all over the land.
Furthermore, not only within his country and region, but all the vampires around the world would have to submit to him!
“There are many vampires in our country?” Even for the worldly Xia Ye Zhao, this notion sent shivers down his spine.
There’s always been something eerie and terrifying about vampires, much like zombies; they incite fear. Imagining having vampires around you – people who could be your friends, brothers, bosses, subordinates, or even the cashier at the convenience store – without even knowing it, made one feel uneasy.
But Bai Xiao seemed unconcerned. “What’s the big deal? Vampires have always tried to tempt humans on the brink of death to become new vampires, as a way of expanding their ranks. Everyone has the will to live. In a situation where there is no hope of cure, if someone told you that you could survive by becoming a vampire, would you hesitate to try?”
That question hit Xia Ye Zhao hard, leaving him speechless.
So, Xia Ye Zhao turned to look at Lord Ye. Was he also someone who, on the verge of death, was unable to resist the temptation and contracted the vampiric disease?
While he kept claiming that he only suffered from a disease that made him crave blood, and not that he was a vampire, had he actually become a vampire along the way?
Although Xia Ye Zhao initially thought that having vampires in Country A was terrifying, upon reflection he didn’t find it so dreadful. They were just a group of people on the brink of death, trying to survive. This tragic circumstance elicited a wave of sympathy within him.
Bai Xiao continued to enlighten them about the history of the vampire clan.
###Chapter 761: Chapter 761: The Origins of the Empire and the Vampires_1 Chapter 761: Chapter 761: The Origins of the Empire and the Vampires_1 “Legend has it that the first vampire was Cain, cursed to be an immortal who must suck fresh blood for his sin of fratricide. Cain is the origin of vampires, the beginning of this bloodline.
Under the drive of loneliness, Cain used animal viscera and his own blood to create the second generation of vampires, which is believed to consist of five individuals. There are few historical records about the second-generation vampires, and I don’t know much either. Only that the second-generation vampires bred their own 13 descendants, the most powerful third generation in vampires. They became the main leaders of several generations of vampires afterwards. They established their own clans, and as a result, the thirteen clans were born. These 13 leaders discovered that the blood of the vampire clan could grant immortality to mortals and widely embraced them to enhance their own and their clan’s power. Thus, they began the legacy of the wicked bloodline of vampires.
Those thirteen leaders eventually turned against each other, waging continuous wars and indiscriminately spreading their bloodline. The victims of the war were mostly ordinary people. Following this, a colossal flood occurred in the world, changing the heavens and earth with mountains and rivers reversed. The former oceans turned into mountains on the land, while the former continents buried deep underneath the sea. The thirteen leaders suffered heavy losses from that flood and went into hibernation one after another.
Our Atlantis Empire fell into the sea bottom more than 20,000 meters deep during that flood. Since then, only those who could adapt to life at the bottom of the sea survived and continually evolved to become sea dwellers.
The reason I tell you all this is to let you know that among us sea dwellers, there are also many descendants of the thirteen clans. That same flood which obliterated our Atlantis Empire, ironically, only a few ordinary people could survive while those embraced by vampires became the exceptional ones that could live at the bottom of the sea. Isn’t such survival of the fittest cruel?”
Ye Junqing said nothing; indeed, it was cruel. Ordinary people died in the flood while those embraced by the thirteen clans became survivors living at the bottom of the sea. Survival of the fittest, how tragic is that?noveldrama
Ye Junqing squinted his eyes: “So all the people of the Atlantis Empire are vampires?”
Sweat covered Leng Chenmo’s back. If that were the case, wasn’t Shen Mo sent into the vampire’s lair? Leng Chenmo was now worried about Shen Mo’s safety!
Bai Xiao hadn’t finished yet: “The ancestors of our Atlantis Empire who were able to survive at the bottom of the sea were indeed mostly fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, or eighth-generation vampires. There was also a small part of ordinary people with good physical conditions that could adapt to life at the bottom of the sea, becoming another part of the sea dwellers. The proportion of people was roughly 3:1.”
Leng Chenmo said: “So, among the first sea dwellers of Atlantis, out of every four people, three were vampires, and only one was an ordinary resident?”
Bai Xiao nodded: “Yes, that is almost the ratio. However, vampire embracing has a characteristic: each generation gets weaker. With the passage of time, the vampire bloodline in the bodies of the people of the empire has gradually faded. It has diluted to the extent that they can’t obtain eternal life like the third and fourth generations, nor can they gain superior abilities like the fifth to the eighth generations. They can’t even live for more than a hundred years like the fifteenth and sixteenth generations… It has basically diluted to the same level as ordinary humans, it’s quite useless.”
###Chapter 762: Chapter 762 No one in the Empire will agree with you!_1 Chapter 762: Chapter 762 No one in the Empire will agree with you!_1 Yen’an said, “Yes, don’t view us, inhabitants of Atlantis, as vampires. With the passing of time, the vampire bloodline has diluted to the point of being practically non-existent, ordinary people in fact. The vampire lineage is not just insignificant to the citizens of the empire, but also a burden, because it neither grants us immortality nor enhances our abilities, yet we cannot escape the thirst for blood! Half of the empire’s citizens cannot shake off the desire to drink blood. Fortunately, we discovered a type of red pearl growing in seagrass at the bottom of the sea, like this…”
Yen’an pulled out a red pearl from around his neck.
Ye Junqing knew of it, Xia Ye had one too. Ever since she agreed to use the red pearl to curb his blood drinking affliction, every time he fell ill, Xia Ye would always make him drink water steeped in the red pearl.
Bai Xiao said, “Although this red pearl can suppress the desire to drink blood, it also has hard-to-admit subsequent issues. It’s merely a symptomatic treatment after all. If we want half of the empire’s citizens to completely get rid of their blood craving, we can only rely on ancient books. Because the old king of the vampires said that only if the queen marries his successor, would he then present the empire with a radical cure as a betrothal gift…”
Despite all Bai Xiao said, his ultimate aim was just one – to dissuade Ye Junqing.noveldrama
“So, Mr. Ye, if you plan to locate the vampires’ headquarters and prevent Jiushu from marrying the vampire prince, no one in the empire will agree to this! Not to mention, the vampires don’t even have a headquarters anymore.”
Is that so?
So, as long as he was the vampire prince, there would be no one from their empire who would oppose Xia Ye’s marriage to him?
Reverse thinking made Ye Junqing feel especially good.
Yen’an glared fiercely at Bai Xiao: “What do you mean there’s no headquarters, doesn’t the old king of the vampires reside within Country A? Although I don’t know his exact residence, the elders of the empire certainly do. How else would they discuss wedding arrangements with the old king? You, the outstanding elite of the Bai family, should ask the elders of the Bai family, they surely know something! Or, are you simply reluctant to help? Are you trying to push Jiushu into the fire? Divorce! Divorce immediately! Once you take Mr. Ye to meet the old king, then we can remarry!”
Yen’an was really good at making a scene. After all, she just felt that why should Jiushu have to shoulder these responsibilities?
Who had ever given Jiushu any true respect back in the empire? Who had sincerely treated her as a rightful heir? Now they raised her to a high position just when they needed her, why?
Xia Ye Zhao, standing on the side, still had a doubt, “Since most of the citizens of your empire are descendants of vampires, then what is up with the vampires?”
Yen’an said, “I’ll tell you. Our empire, several N…N’s ago, wasn’t it engulfed by a flood and we were relegated to living 20,000 meters under the sea? Our ancestors believed this was definitely retribution or maybe a curse caused by the large-scale development of the Blood Clan back then. Thus, our ancestors abhorred vampires. Even though two-thirds of the vampires survived, they still felt an indelible guilt on themselves for the death of so many people…Eventually, the empire strictly prohibited embracing. Today, anyone in the empire with vampiric blood did not obtain it through the embracement, but rather through reproduction, passing it down to later generations.
###Chapter 763: Chapter 763 I Am the First Heir_1 Chapter 763: Chapter 763 I Am the First Heir_1 Our Yen’s family descends from ordinary citizens with strong physical fitness and adaptability, possessing an exceptionally pure lineage, completely devoid of any vampire ancestry. Bai Xiao’s family descends from vampires; Bai Xiao has been struggling to suppress his thirst for blood since childhood. This is something passed down to him from generations of maternal ancestors. Despite their inability to resist this thirst for blood, they refused to acknowledge their vampire heritage.
Only those transformed into vampires through the act of ‘First Embrace’ are recognized as vampires.noveldrama
Because the empire shunned vampires, those who truly became vampires through the ‘First Embrace’ left the empire and moved to other places. The majority of vampires eventually moved to land, blending in among the common folk.
However, they also learned from experience — vampires now impose extremely strict regulations on the First Embrace, only turning those on the brink of death who still wish to live. They no longer haphazardly turn ordinary people into vampires. Otherwise, they will face severe punishment within their clan. Looking back on history, the vampires of today weren’t so detestable after all, even encapsulating a sense of life-saving benevolence.
Moreover, vampires have always been seeking ways to control their blood lust. With their tireless efforts, they finally developed a formula to suppress this desire and flaunted it in the empire, but refused to share it. This was probably because the empire always ostracized them, agitating them enough to withhold the formula even if they had it.
When the emperor passed away ten years ago, the imperial prince and princesses fought each other mercilessly for the throne. Even one of the heirs, Little Nine, got caught up in the power struggle. After many encounters with life and death, Little Nine lost her temper, killed all the other heirs, and was recognized by the Sacred Tree as the new queen. On that very day, the old vampire king happened to witness everything.
The old vampire king immediately announced that if the emperor’s daughter married his heir, he would give the blood-suppressing formula as a wedding gift. However, Little Nine didn’t want to ascend to the throne or marry the vampire heir. Supposedly, the vampire heir, too, didn’t wish to marry the queen. The two of them remained in a stalemate, leading to the present situation.
Now, the vampires are finally deciding to select a new heir, and we’ve managed to bring Little Nine back, meaning that the wedding plans are back in motion.
Poor Little Nine, being forced to marry someone she doesn’t love. A perfect couple is about to be torn apart!
Yen Anyue grows increasingly irritated as she thinks about it. She reaches out and fiercely twists Bai Xiao’s ear, “So, you claim you really don’t know? Don’t know at all? Quickly, where is the old vampire king? Speak! Or I’ll twist your ear off.”
“Show me some respect in front of others,” Bai Xiao whispers in persuasion.
“No! Not unless you reveal it!” Yen Anyue’s voice is louder than Bai Xiao’s.
The three men glance away from each other and pretend not to see the scene of a grown man getting a dressing-down.
But Bai Xiao is a man of principle. Concerning matters as significant as the welfare of the empire’s citizens, no compromises can be made.
“Mr. Bai, with all cards on the table, I am the first and foremost heir recognized by the elders of the vampire,” Night Lord Qing said, trying to rescue Bai Xiao. He continued, somewhat arrogantly, “So, I am not here to settle a score with the vampires but to facilitate this mutually beneficial event as soon as possible. If you are genuinely concerned about the people of your empire, you should help me make contact with the old king immediately.”
###Chapter 764: Chapter 764: The Favor of Saving a Life! To be Returned in the Future!_1 Chapter 764: Chapter 764: The Favor of Saving a Life! To be Returned in the Future!_1 “What did you say?” Yen’an, who was busy tweaking Bai Xiao’s ear, suddenly stopped, staring at Ye Junqing in disbelief.noveldrama
This man’s ability to think on his feet is extraordinary; he came up with such a lie!
Immediately, Yen’an said, “Ah! Why did you not say this sooner? If you had, my dear Big White could’ve told you earlier! Big White, did you hear that? Mr. Ye is the heir chosen by the elder vampires. You should contact him immediately!”
No way would Bai Xiao believe this. After freeing his ear from Yen’an’s grasp, he glanced at Ye Junqing, “As the heir to the old vampire king, you still need others to put you in touch with him. Mr. Ye, your lie is poorly crafted.”
Leng Chenmo, hearing this, could only think: self-inflicted misery, this is a living hell!
Ye Junqing fell silent, not saying a word for a long time.
Some things, when spoken aloud, are not only hard to convince others, but even you yourself can hardly believe them.
At this moment, Leng Chenmo spoke up, “Mr. Bai, we mean no harm. Since the heir chosen by the old vampire king refuses to marry your kingdom’s queen, and the elder vampires are in the process of selecting a second heir, we suggest letting Ye Junqing vie for the position of the second heir, because he too is a part of the vampire clan.”
After finishing speaking, Leng Chenmo glanced at Ye Junqing. This was all he could do to help him.
Bai Xiao remained cautious and skeptical.
Xia Ye Zhao chimed in, “I can testify to that. Ten years ago, he developed an uncontrollable urge to suck blood. Mr. Bai, we bear no ill will; we simply want to resolve this matter in the best way possible. You’re also a man. Wouldn’t you fight if someone tried to take Miss Yen’an away from you?”
Bai Xiao lowered his head, his gaze fixed on Yen’an’s seductive yet fierce figure, “Whoever tries to take Yen’an away from me, I will kill them without hesitation!”
The usually violent Yen’an quieted down, casting a deep, affectionate gaze at Bai Xiao. However, her gentleness lasted only three seconds before she once again pounced on Bai Xiao, tweaking his ear, “So, can you please put in some effort? Are you really about to push Xiao Jiu into the fire pit? If that’s the case, why did you rescue Xiao Jiu from the beach all those years ago? You should’ve just let her dead body wash up on the beach!”
The phrase ‘dead body washing up on the beach’ caused both Ye Junqing and Xia Ye Zhao to flinch!
Ye Junqing felt a sharp pain in his heart, his voice dropping significantly, “What are you talking about? What do you mean ‘dead body washing up on the beach’?”
Yen’an spoke, “Didn’t Xiao Jiu tell you? Her own parents threw her into the sea. She struggled in the storm, floating for days before she washed up on this island. Big White happened to be walking on the beach that day and saw Xiao Jiu, barely alive and unconscious. It was Big White who saved Xiao Jiu. She was on the verge of death, but luckily I am skilled in medicine and Big White was willing to use all the valuable medicinal supplies from his home. That’s how we managed to save her from death’s grip!”
After finishing, Yen’an added, “Remember! It’s the gratitude for saving a life! You’ll have to repay us in the future! A mansion is far from enough! Do you know about the contract I signed with you, the 60-40 split, do you know how much I lost? I’m broke!”
Yen’an was talking nonsense. She was a seductive girl whose eyes lit up at the sight of money!
Ye Junqing, thinking about that scenario, couldn’t help but feel scared, sympathize and angry. His tall figure suddenly bent into a 90-degree bow, giving Yen’an and Bai Xiao a grand salute. His voice was solemn, “Thank you!”
###Chapter 765: Chapter 765: This Woman is Worth Befriending for Xiaoyuwei_1 Chapter 765: Chapter 765: This Woman is Worth Befriending for Xiaoyuwei_1 Yen’an was flattered and suddenly felt a bit shy: “Um… Actually… It doesn’t have to be like this… I think… We can replace verbal thank-you’s with money. Saying thank you without mentioning money is brutally boring these days, isn’t it?”
“Just tell me how much money you want, Miss Yen, and I will give you a blank check to fill in.”
If money could buy the life of a mermaid, he was willing to lose everything!
Yen’an was stunned for a moment but quickly broke into a wide smile: “Mr. Night, I just love being friends with people like you who treat money as if it’s dirt!”
As soon as she finished speaking, Xia Ye Zhao bowed deeply to Yen’an and Bai Xiao, just like Night did, his words lodged in his throat, struggling to say: “Thank you! I’ll present the check later.”
Then, Xia Ye Zhao walked to the side, his fist clenched, unable to restrain it and forcefully slammed into a large rock in front of the waterfall, punishing himself and regretting why he didn’t know back then his parents would throw his little sister into the sea.noveldrama
Obviously, his sister had suffered far more than he knew…
And he, besides hearing others telling the past stories, couldn’t do anything for his little sister!
“Mr. White, all you need is the formula, whoever marries Starlight doesn’t matter to you. As her savior, I believe you might want a win-win solution too. Please let me know the contact of the vampire king. I just want to be the successor of the vampire clan, no bragging.”
Bai Xiao pondered for a long time: “Okay, I’ll try to find out. Don’t get your hopes too high about me being able to find out. The old king is known to be strange, there is no standard in selecting a successor! Not just anyone who wants to be a vampire successor can become one!”
After saying that, Bai Xiao left.
Yen’an also wanted to follow: “Are you going back to the underwater capital? I want to go too.”
“You stay, the third elder has put a ban on you, even I can’t take you back to the empire now.”
“!!!!!!!” Yen’an had thousands of expletives ready to burst out of her heart!
Yen’an didn’t give up, catching up: “Then find a way to deliver a message to Xiaojiu for me, tell her that her man is willing to give me a blank check, it is definitely not under duress, he volunteered, he was the one unhappy when I wanted to reject it.”
Night looked up at the sky, pretending not to hear Yen’an’s words.
“And, also, tell Xiaojiu that I will find a way to have her married to her sweetheart. Tell her not to worry, to be patient, to eat, sleep, have fun in the palace, anyone that dares to provoke her, shouldn’t be soft and should fight back with the queen’s magnitude, give them a painful slap to make them cry and scream, understand?”
Night once again looked at Yen’an’s back, this woman was worth the mermaid’s friendship.
After Bai Xiao departed, Yen’an immediately returned to the small cabin and changed into a stylish sundress, making herself look stunning. Then she began to serve the three visitors from afar, saying, “Don’t fret, my white friend is tough on the exterior but soft on the inside. Would you like some tea? Market price, one cup is a hundred. I’ll give you a 10% discount, so it’s ninety for each of you, want some? If yes, please scan the code.”
Yen’an pulled out her phone, opened the WeChat payment QR code, her eyes lit up at the sight of money without any discretion, fleecing people without batting an eye and added, “But the tea making service fee is extra, my service fee is very high.”
###Chapter 766: Chapter 766: How was it achieved with such thin arms and legs?_1 Chapter 766: Chapter 766: How was it achieved with such thin arms and legs?_1 Leng Chenmo commented casually, “No cell signal.”
Yen’an immediately replied, “Connect to our WIFI, even though we live in a remote and underdeveloped area, we still have WIFI, password – 5241”.
“Nevermind, I’m not thirsty.”
Leng Chenmo walked pleasantly to the waterfall to enjoy the view, but his thoughts were centered on Tang Zhou; every sight lost its charm in his eyes.
Chenmo realized that the little mermaid had spent her childhood near here. Ye Junqing had also plied the area discovering a sketch carved into a rock, which depicted a young boy and a girl. The boy somewhat resembled Xia Ye Zhao. Ye Junqing speculated that the little mermaid had done the carving, and the girl in the drawing was probably herself.
Xia Ye Zhao walked over, noticing the sketch on the rock, and, with reddened eyes, took a photo with his phone.
Ye Junqing felt a pang of jealousy, and walked briskly away, only to return a few steps later. He took out his phone and also photographed the drawing, but focused only on the girl, avoiding capturing the boy in his shot.
Yen’an said, “Look, that cabin, Little Jiu used to live there. There are many of her small gadgets inside, it’s open to visitors, but the entry costs five hundred, scan the code if you want to go in. I can guide you around, but I charge separately for my commentary, three and a half thousand for a half day.”
Yen’an wasn’t expecting to make any money from this, since these guys didn’t seem willing to even pay for tea. To her surprise, Ye Junqing walked over quickly and scanned the code, paying her 3500!
…
In the imperial palace, Ye Xingguang gazed at Tang Zhou unblinkingly, for what seemed like the umpteenth time, causing his hair to stand on end.
“Little Starlight, why are you staring at me like this? I’ve told you, I’m Tang Zhou! I’m Tang Zhou! I’m Tang Zhou!”
“Oh.” The disappointment was heavy in her voice.
Why hadn’t that malignant tumor swapped places with Tang Zhou. She now understood the meaning of the phrase, ‘one day apart feels like three autumns.’ She dreamed of doing naughty things with the malignant tumor every night, only to be rudely awakened by reality.
Han Chengbei had been busy lately. Taking advantage of his playboy charm, he mixed with many of the palace maids and heard countless pieces of gossip. The most outrageous rumor was, “Oh my, did you really kill all the heirs to the throne solo and usurp the reign of this underwater kingdom?”
How could someone so thin and weak achieve that?
The more Han Chengbei heard, the more fantastical it sounded, making it hard to believe.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang denied exaggerating her story, “How can that be? I merely brought the hidden conflict for the throne into the open, igniting a battle royal. The city was plunged into fighting, all the princes, princes and their backing armies were involved. It ended up in a situation where everyone was severely wounded, you die or I die. I merely killed the Fifth Princess who was the mastermind plotting to kill me, and her executor Geshu Chen. I did not kill anyone else.”
“The Fifth Princess was the strongest competitor for the throne that time. Other princes were either killed in the infighting or by the men of the Fifth Princess. I just killed the Fifth Princess after she had eliminated other potential successors. As a result, everyone blamed me for all the deaths, painting me as the one who killed everyone and finally emerged as the ruler. Since I am the only one who survived among the potential heirs.”
[Today’s update ends here. More will be uploaded after midnight. Kisses! Appeal for monthly pass, appeal for recommendation tickets.]
###Chapter 767: Chapter 767: Awesome, must be hyped up to the sky!_1 Chapter 767: Chapter 767: Awesome, must be hyped up to the sky!_1 Han Chengbei: “Pfft, so, after all that, turns out you’re just an opportunistic snatcher?”
Ye Xingguang disagreed: “What do you mean, opportunistic snatcher? Didn’t you hear what I said? It was me who changed the fight from a hidden one to an open one. I went to the eldest prince and told him the second prince was planning a coup tonight. I then did the same with the second prince, telling him the third prince was planning a coup. I kept repeating that with every other prince and princess. I did a lot of verbal work, alright! That’s called being courageous and strategic!”
Otherwise, how was she, a twelve-year-old girl with no backing forces and an increasing number of assassination attempts, supposed to survive? Besides, she thought “Qin Junye” had died trying to save her, she was overwhelmed by a tidal wave of emotions. If she didn’t think of ways to save herself and avenge him, how was she to live?
“That’s right, Little Starlight was indeed both courageous and strategic. It’s ‘strife between the snipe and the clam benefits the fisherman.’ Little Starlight, this crown, is well-deserved!”
The praise for the queen is a whirlwind of colors, it needs to be blown with force. Tang Zhou gives a thumbs-up, praising her for being impressive and damn amazing, she deserves all the glory!
That sounds more like it!
Ye Xingguang gets caught in a breeze and decides to take a walk alone. Ironically, she’s probably the queen who is least familiar with her own palace. She wanders around and eventually gets lost.
Ye Xingguang wants to lasso a servant to guide her way. Coincidentally, she overhears several maids chatting eagerly. She strides over, catching snippets of their excited conversation from afar.
“Oh my gosh! It’s really Gui Baili. I heard that he’s been standing guard at the palace gate every day. Is he guarding duty for the queen?”
“I heard that all the elders wanted to offer their outstanding offspring as the queen’s bed companions. However, when the queen took them to the Magic Mirror of Love, it turned out that Ying Qiao, Bai Yalan, and Banquet Maple all have sweethearts, so they were outright disqualified. Now only Gui Baili is left, so of course he’s putting in efforts. Gui Baili is so handsome. Why do people say he scares ghosts away? I just want to throw myself at him.”
“But didn’t the Magic Mirror of Love also fail to reflect the queen in Gui Baili’s heart? Why wasn’t he disqualified?”
“He was spared because he doesn’t have anyone in his heart yet. Just look at how Gui Baili patrols the palace gate every day, he definitely wants to give it a try. You’ve no idea how many suitors he’s turned away for the queen these past few days.”
“Ah, our Queen.”
The maids, deeply engrossed in the discussion, spot Ye Xingguang and stop talking immediately. They bow respectfully.noveldrama
Following the maids’ gaze, Ye Xingguang spots a man with an icy expression standing solemnly outside the palace gate. Seeing Gui Baili standing there with an austere, impassable demeanor leaves her momentarily stunned. Is Gui Baili still not giving up?
Anyway, since she’s already lost, Ye Xingguang figures she might as well meet up with Gui Baili.
She steps out of the palace, tapping Gui Baili’s back. He’s bristling with a frozen menace from head to toe. But when he sees it’s Ye Xingguang, he dials down the chilly aura. His voice isn’t warm either—it’s as if he was born not knowing what warmth is. He simply says, “Your Highness.”
“Hey, what are you doing here?”
Instead of answering, Gui Baili looks at her curiously. “Does Your Highness wish to leave the palace?”
Ye Xingguang mocks herself: “Leave the palace? I don’t just want to leave the palace—I want to go and feel the sea breeze. Unfortunately, I’m just a prisoner. I can’t go anywhere. I can only stay in this godforsaken place with no daylight.”
###Chapter 768: Chapter 768: I Only Serve You_1 Chapter 768: Chapter 768: I Only Serve You_1 Gui Baili wasn’t much of a talker, but upon hearing her describing the palace as a dismal and ghostly place, he couldn’t help but furrow his brow and ask, “Your Highness, do you dislike it here?”
“About to get engaged to the one I love, only to be abducted on the way, then being told by everyone that I’m to marry someone else? Would you like that?”
Gui Baili seemed to ponder over her words, but unfortunately, even after mulling it over for quite a while, he couldn’t quite empathize. He finally replied truthfully, “I’m sorry, but I don’t have anyone I’m fond of, so I can’t quite share your feelings.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Alright, the mirror of love indeed reflected his heart as empty, but if he was devoid of any feelings, why would he stand guard outside the palace every day?
Ye Xingguang sternly said, “Let me make it clear, I am not looking for a bed partner, I only want to spend my life with one person. Forget it, you wouldn’t understand until you fall in love, there’s no room for a third party in a love relationship.”
Gui Baili indeed couldn’t quite grasp what she was saying. He had always been dismissive towards love and relationships, but he knew he would do anything she asked of him. “If Your Highness wishes to feel the sea breeze, I can take you there.”
Ye Xingguang incredulously raised her voice, “Really?”
Gui Baili lowered his gaze toward Ye Xingguang, his expression as calm as ever. “As long as you wish, I can take you anywhere you want, and do whatever you wish.”
Why did those words sound so suggestive?
Considering Gui Baili’s status, most girls might already be swooning over his words. Was he really not trying to become her bedmate?
Ye Xingguang was still apprehensive, but she really wanted to leave. “Would it be possible to bring my two friends along?”
“I serve only you.”
Well… if he didn’t want to bring others, why bother making it sound so good?noveldrama
Ye Xingguang silently complained, “Fine, I’ll go alone.”
“Very well, I’ll arrange it right away.”
Once Gui Baili finished speaking, he touched a ring on his thumb, and a 3D holographic screen appeared, resembling the screens on people’s smartphones in the land above. He selected video call among various other apps on his screen.
Soon, a young man appeared on the virtual screen, who bowed to Gui Baili through the video. “Lieutenant Gui, can I help you with anything?”
“Send a military submarine here within two minutes.”
“Yes, Lieutenant Gui.”
After ending the call, Ye Xingguang eyed his ring curiously. She knew that the Empire’s rings were much more advanced communication devices compared to the smartphones owned by the land dwellers, but she couldn’t afford one.
The military submarine soon arrived at the palace’s gate. Gui Baili invited Ye Xingguang into the submarine, the interior of which was more luxurious than even a private jet, too opulent to imagine.
The submarine also had a speedy drying machine, akin to hand dryers in restrooms on land. Almost magically, within thirty seconds of standing in front of the dryer, one’s wet clothes and hair would be completely dry.
After drying herself, Ye Xingguang comfortably leaned back on the submarine’s sofa, crossed her legs, buckled her seat belt, and eagerly awaited her return to the sea’s surface. Oddly, as soon as the submarine ascended a hundred meters above the Empire, it was stopped by an air traffic control.
The pilot reported, “Lieutenant Gui, passage is denied ahead. They say, for Her Highness to leave the Imperial City, we must get the consent of the three elders.”
###Chapter 769: Chapter 769: I will be loyal to you all my life! _1 Chapter 769: Chapter 769: I will be loyal to you all my life! _1 Gui Baili has never been a man to play by the rules. No sooner had he heard this than he replied, “Since when have I ever followed the rules?”
“Understood, Young Master Gui.”
Before Ye Xingguang could react to what the pilot had understood, the pilot had dashed beyond the restricted line. There was a submarine in pursuit, and with two resounding “boom”s, the impact cannon scattered the two pursuing submarines into smithereens with a tiger-like maneuver.
Ye Xingguang was dumbfounded: “!!!!!”
Indeed he’s an obedient subordinate, but isn’t his boldness excessively plump?
Ye Xingguang looked at Gui Baili admiringly: “You’re so violent, aren’t you afraid of punishment from the Federal Government?”
“Am I that violent?” Gui Baili seemed to be oblivious of it.
“Isn’t it violent? I remember that the third elder is in charge of Empire penalties. Now that you are openly defying the orders of the third elder, aren’t you afraid of being rubbed out if the third elder gets angry? There’s a well-known saying in the capital city that it’s better to provoke anyone but the third elder!”
Gui Baili sat opposite Ye Xingguang, dismissive of what was said, “As I recall, you once told me that to avoid being bullied, one must be more ruthless than others. Few words denote toughness, which is essential for one to make their way in this world. As for the third elder, I don’t take him seriously.”
“Me? When did I ever say something so impressive? How come I don’t remember?”
Seeing her puzzled face, Gui Baili jogged her memory, “Do you forget the days of the bloody purge of the Imperial City, ten years ago, Your Highness Queen?”
Ye Xingguang tried to recall, “Did we meet on those days of the bloody purge? I’m sorry, I’m not great at remembering things. Could you give me some more clues?”
Gui Baili gazed deeply at Ye Xingguang, “Your Highness, do you remember the days when the Imperial City was purged and people hid at home in fear while fighting broke out everywhere in the palace? In the midst of the bloodlust, a chubby child was running around trying to escape but couldn’t escape the fate of being chased and killed by the wolf warrior. The child had given up and was begging for mercy, but the wolf warrior showed no mercy. You stepped in, drove away the wolf warrior, and told the chubby child that begging to die was pointless. It’s essential to be more ruthless than others and speak less if he wanted to find a foothold in this world.”
Was there… such a thing?
Ye Xingguang glanced at Gui Baili, who sat in front of her, looking formidable and leaner rather than fat, “Don’t tell me, you were that useless chubby child?”
Gui Baili seemed somewhat satisfied, “Finally, Your Highness remembers me.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”noveldrama
So this is what people mean when they say, “Every chubby child has the potential to grow up into someone great”?
A chubby child whom she had unintentionally saved ten years ago had now become the grand commander with half of the military power in the Empire?
Ye Xingguang was somewhat flustered and afraid to owe any more, “You’re not planning… to devote yourself to me as a way of repaying your savior, are you? I am saying it to you now, I just saved you on a whim, and I didn’t take it seriously at all. You really didn’t have to remember it to this day! Forget it, forget it, it’s not a big deal.”
But Gui Baili said, “To Your Highness, it might have been an effortless gesture, but for me, it was immensely beneficial. It was because I took to heart what Your Highness once said that I am who I am today.”
“Heh, heh… ” What should she say?
Gui Baili said solemnly, “I once swore to devote my life to you!”
“Oh, so it’s just loyalty, not devoting your body and soul?”
With that said, Ye Xingguang breathed a sigh of relief. Seeing that Gui Baili did not refute, she felt even more relieved. She likes Gui Baili, this kind of grateful young man who knows how to repay kindness. Having a grand commander who owns half of the military power of the empire serving her is a fantastic feeling!
###Chapter 770: Chapter 770 What Kind of Immortal Young Marshal Is This_1 Chapter 770: Chapter 770 What Kind of Immortal Young Marshal Is This_1 Gui Baili suggested they go up to the surface for some fresh sea air, and in no time they were there. Hovering above the vast unending sea, seagulls lingered overhead. Ye Xingguang tilted her head upward towards the sky, with sunlight bathing her face, even the air seemed extraordinarily fresh, she was basking in it.
Ye Xingguang simply lay on the top of the submarine, using her hands as a cushion, and gazed at the azure sky, “To be honest, I don’t like living underwater at all. The idea of remaining under 20,000 meters of sea for the rest of my life, ruling as a queen, I’d rather be dead. I’d prefer to go back to Country A and live as an average citizen. It’s probably because my genes have always belonged to the land from the beginning.”
Gui Baili sat beside her. He was accustomed to the submarine life, and thus, could not sympathize with her feelings.
“Can you take me to Bougou Island?” Ye Xingguang felt that she was becoming increasingly bold. She was curious to see if the so-called Empire First Youth, who had promised her lifelong loyalty, was really as sincere as he appeared to be.
“The place where the queen lived as a child?”
“Yes, the place where I lived when I was a child. I haven’t been back for a long time and all of a sudden, I want to revisit those old haunts.” Ye Xingguang looked at Gui Baili without much hope, her gaze sincere to the core.
She thought she would perhaps need some eloquent pleading and dramatic acting skills to convince him. But to her surprise, Gui Baili agreed quite readily, saying only two words, “Sure.”
Ye Xingguang exclaimed animatedly, “Thank you!”
What a fairy-like figure he was, completely without principles, it was quite touching!
It’s a shame that she hadn’t brought Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei with her, otherwise, she could have planned an escape with the two of them!
Ye Xingguang returned to the submarine and told the helmsman to speed up. She was not sure whether her monstrous relative would go in search of Yen’an. It would be great if she could meet this relative on Bougou Island, but Ye Xingguang dared not get her hopes too high, it might just be a pipe dream.
However, even before their submarine could reach Bougou Island, the fleet sent by the Third Elder caught up with them, encircling their submarine underwater.
And then, a video call came in.noveldrama
On the holographic screen, the wickedly handsome face of Geshu Tang appeared, “Little Ninth, you wanted to go out and play. Why didn’t you let me know? Could I possibly stop you from wandering around?”
His words were smoother than a sweet melody. Ye Xingguang laughed heartily, “Third Elder, didn’t you all say I lack a companion by my side? I think Gui Baili is quite suitable. I’m building rapport with him. So, any ion?”
“Little Ninth’s taste is not very good.”
Ye Xingguang shrugged, “Then tell me, who should I choose? Third Elder, you are too old. The First Elder’s Bai Yalan is fond of your Geshu Yuan, I can’t just come in between them; Second Elder’s Ying Qiao is taken. The love song prince, Banquet Maple from the Sixth Elder’s family, is already someone else’s sweetheart. Ah, it’s quite difficult for me, going through them one by one, and only Gui Baili remains.”
“I see no problem at all. Baili, take good care of Her Majesty the Queen.” Just then the video conference expanded from two to multiple participants. A new face appeared on the virtual screen, that of Fifth Elder Gui Daocheng.
If Her Majesty the Queen would deign to fancy Baili, it would be beneficial to their family, the Fifth Elder Gui Daocheng raised both hands and feet in favor.
Geshu Tang smiled a tight lipped smile as he looked at Fifth Elder on the screen, “Fifth Elder, your rebellious son Gui Baili forcefully broke through the security line, injuring the security personnel in the process. He disregards laws and regulations. What do you suggest should be done?”
###Chapter 771: Chapter 771 I Won’t Be Beside Your Pillow_1 Chapter 771: Chapter 771 I Won’t Be Beside Your Pillow_1 Gui Daocheng said, “Third Elder, as you said, he is my own rebellious son. As you are all too aware, he has never taken my advice, having a run of unchecked tyranny all these years. How do you expect me to answer your question?”
Who could forget how his most incompetent son was greatly shocked by the royal power shift ten years ago, turning into someone who killed without blinking? From a wimp everyone could bully, into a character everyone in the empire feared?
Faced with his son’s transformation, Gui Daocheng did not know whether to be relieved or indeed, rather relieved?
After all, his son had become more and more capable over the years. Wherever there was a war, his son was there. A handful of the vassal states, emboldened by the absence of a king in the Empire, had become increasingly threatening. Yet they were all subdued by his son’s troops, who almost never lost a battle.
Now, with a million soldiers under his command who all treat him like a faith, his son was indeed bringing honor to our Gui family!
Just as Gui Daocheng was pondering this, he suddenly heard his son Gui Baili say: “Third Elder, I give you a minute to remove these followers, or else, in one minute, you can prepare to collect their corpses.”
After speaking, he gave another order to the cockpit: “In one minute, if they haven’t withdrawn, wipe them all out!”
“Yes, Young Master Gui.” The person sitting in the cockpit is Gui Baili’s deputy general.
Gui Baili always chose subordinates who shared his temperament. They always seriously carried out his words, treating them like an imperial decree. This was known not only to the Fifth Elder but also to Geshu Tang.
Seeing Geshu Tang’s grim face, Ye Xingguang barely held back laughter. She said, giving face to Geshu Tang, “Hey little third, just let people retreat, they are all my subjects, I don’t want to see them turned into meat sauce by a missile and fed to the fishes. Don’t worry, I definitely won’t run away. My two friends are still in the palace, how could I abandon them and leave?”
Having said this, Ye Xingguang slipped her hand across the virtual screen, immediately cutting off the video call!
“Gui Baili, I am impressed by your title as Young Marshal.” Ye Xingguang’s lips turned up slightly, revealing a trace of a relaxed smile. “In the Empire, I don’t have anyone I can depend on. From now on, I can only rely on you, you know?”
Gui Baili frowned seriously, his expression terribly solemn. “I will not be your bed warmer.”
Pft…hahaha!
What a violent honest man he is! So adorable! He really took it seriously?
Ye Xingguang reached out to pat his back and braced herself: “I’m just joking, I only like my Big Poisonous Tumor.”
“Who’s Big Poisonous Tumor?” Gui Baili sighed in relief.noveldrama
“It’s my man Ye Junqing.”
Ye Xingguang sat back on the couch and sighed. “If only there were more loyal people like you in the Empire. Otherwise, look at me, being restrained even when I step out. I feel like a puppet, no, a prisoner!”
The aide who brought tea for the two heard Ye Xingguang’s words, and couldn’t control his voice. “Your Highness, our Young Marshal alone is enough to be worth a thousand army. The Young Marshal always tells us, ‘To be invincible, one must have a ruthless heart.’ This is the great truth that you taught him and it has become our Ghost Army’s motto on the sea!”
Ha ha! Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel a bit proud. Who would have thought that the motto of the Empire’s army would actually be her words?
Ye Xingguang was too embarrassed to say that, at that time, she had been so cowardly and with her mind blown by the death of “Qin Junye”, that she turned her grief and anger into strength, forcing herself to be ruthless, or else she would have died.
###Chapter 772: Chapter 772: What I want is the person she is!_1 Chapter 772: Chapter 772: What I want is the person she is!_1 Just as he was thinking, a report came from the cockpit, “Master Gui, the pursuers have all retreated.”
Ye Xingguang was gleefully stretching out his hands on the back of the chair, shaking his legs: “That’s right, if you’re ruthless then you’re invincible. If anyone dares to bully me again in the future, strike them hard. Understand?”
Gui Baili was holding his tea and said nothing, but his solemn expression said it all. He didn’t need Ye Xingguang to reiterate; this was how he had always done things, and it was this approach that had brought him to his current position and glory.
Without it, Gui Baili thought, he would probably be a lazy, rich and fat man in his family, achieving nothing and suffering a hundred woes.
Ye Xingguang cheerfully waved his hand: “Let’s go, to Bouguer Island!”
…
Bouguer Island, Yen’an spoke until her mouth was dry, and finally lay down in her own yard to check her mobile account. Haha, all she saw was money, her own little treasury, and it wasn’t the currency of the Empire, but the universal currency on the mainland, which can be used to buy things on the mainland!
Even though her man, Bai Xiao, was rich, his wealth was in imperial money, which couldn’t be used on the mainland. So on the mainland, she had to be the one making money to support her husband. Oh, one wouldn’t know the cost of living without making money.
Thinking about it, Yen’an went back to her room, found some small things and shouted to Ye Jun Qing and Xia Ye Zhao: “I’m selling toys that Xiaojiu played with when she was a child, do you want to buy them? If you’re interested, you can auction them off, starting price is ten thousand!”
“When will your man come back?” Ye Junqing was running out of patience.
“How could he be back so soon? You guys can stay here for two or three days, rent is thirty thousand a day.”
Ye Junqing showed no interest in waiting two or three days, he pondered for a moment, “You have my mobile number. If there’s any news from your man, just call me directly. I will be thankful for it.”noveldrama
“Hey, you’re leaving now? Are you sure you don’t want to buy some souvenirs? They all belonged to Xiaojiu.”
“No need, what I want is the person herself!”
Ye Jun Qing said, leaving without looking back.
Yen’an was unwilling to give up: “Mr. Xia, you don’t want them either? I can give you a discount.”
Xia Ye Zhao shook his head and followed Ye Jun Qing’s steps. Seeing too much of Xiao Jiu’s childhood stuff made him feel upset. People are always like this, unwilling to touch certain wounds. After hearing about so many things that happened to Xiaojiu when she was a child, he was too upset to stay. He also wanted to leave.
Leng Chenmo had already returned to the yacht and was standing on the deck. Seeing Ye Junqing and Xia Ye Zhao returning, he asked, “Shall we go?”
After Ye Junqing boarded the ship, he nodded: “Yes.”
He couldn’t just pin all his hopes on Bai Xiao, who didn’t want to give him the contact of the old vampire king. He had to find other ways, not just one.
Leng Shenmo said, “I’ve already asked all my resources to help find the old man you mentioned. But, things like vampires and an underwater empire… we’ve never heard of these before, so it may take time to find a clue.”
“Indeed, the world is so big that nothing is impossible.” Xia Ye Zhao hadn’t heard of it before this either.
If it wasn’t for the fact that Xiaomei had truly disappeared, if someone told him that Xiaomei was the queen of an underwater empire 20,000 meters deep, more advanced and larger than any country on land, Xia Ye Zhao would definitely send them to a mental hospital!
It seems, Master Huixian’s fortune-telling for Xiaomei was not a lie. Xiaomei really does have the destiny of an empress.
###Chapter 773: Chapter 773 Waiting for Me to Marry_1 Chapter 773: Chapter 773 Waiting for Me to Marry_1 Ye Junqing stood on the deck, lost in thought for a long time, “Actually, it may not be that difficult to investigate. Vampires need to consume blood, so we could check where the demand for blood is high. That could offer some leads. Or, we could look into cases where people on the brink of death have miraculously recovered. I refuse to believe that we won’t be able to find any clues.”
Leng Chenmo stepped beside Ye Junqing: “If that’s the case, what are you waiting for?”
Ye Junqing took out his mobile phone, connected to the ship’s WIFI, and called his older brother, Ye Shiting. In matters like this, letting his older brother employ national resources could expedite the investigation much faster than if he were to do it himself.
Over the phone, although Ye Shiting didn’t know why Ye Junqing needed him to conduct these searches, he didn’t ask further, only expressing his concern in a casual remark, “How is your younger sister doing?”
“She’s fine, in the bridal chamber waiting to be wed.”
Even, spending her days with countless handsome men accompanying her sightseeing and playing!
Ye Junqing thought about it and felt like slapping himself. How foolish was he to have insisted on not marrying the mermaid despite their years of entanglement? They had agreed that after the betrothal they could get their marriage certificate, but on the way to the betrothal, his mermaid was kidnapped!noveldrama
If he had firmly decided to marry her when the old man told him to do so ten years ago, their child would probably be in elementary school by now!
Ye Junqing suddenly thought of the time when Li Yu could cure his vampirism. He had a terrible premonition. If the old man were to choose a second heir, could that heir be Li Yu?
Once, he and the mermaid had lost themselves in their youthful passion, and in the end, the mermaid was taken away by Li Yu. Could it be because Li Yu is the second heir to the vampires, and the mermaid is the queen of the Atlantis Empire, so she was forced to marry Li Yu?
Ye Junqing clenched his fists. He would never allow Li Yu to become the second heir of the vampires!
“Brother, help me find a person. His name is Li Yu. I will have someone send you his information later. As soon as you find him, let me know immediately.” Maybe Li Yu knows where the old man is, or maybe Li Yu has some calculations of his own and is waiting for the old man to arrange a marriage for him!
After that, Ye Junqing hung up the phone.
Just as he put the phone back in his pocket, it began to vibrate. Ye Junqing took it out again. An unfamiliar number blinked on the screen. After a moment of hesitation, Ye Junqing answered the call.
“Master Qing, help me…” Over the phone, came the sound of Fu Zhuo’s desperate plea for help.
Ye Junqing narrowed his eyes, recognizing the voice immediately. Thinking that Fu Zhuo was begging for mercy again, Ye Junqing, who was in a bad mood, showed no interest in talking to Fu Zhuo and was about to hang up.
Just as he was about to end the call, Fu Zhuo’s cry could be heard: “Help…”
After that, no further sound came from the other end of the phone. Ye Junqing’s eyebrows furrowed, “What happened?”
On the other end of the phone, there was no response from Fu Zhuo. Ye Junqing became serious: “Fu Zhuo? Fu Zhuo? Answer me!”
There was still no response. Ye Junqing pulled the phone away to confirm that the call hadn’t been cut off. Once confirmed, he put the phone back to his ear and kept asking, “Fu Zhuo, what happened to you?”
Damn it!
Ye Junqing clenched his phone, strode decisively into the ship’s cabin, handed the phone to the naval commander, and ordered in a deep voice, “Find out where this phone signal is coming from!”
…
On the other side, Ye Xingguang was lazily waiting for the submarine to arrive at Bugu Island, idly enjoying the view outside the submarine’s glass window.
###Chapter 774: Chapter 774: Hurry, save him!_1 Chapter 774: Chapter 774: Hurry, save him!_1 In reality, there wasn’t much to see. In the ocean, you’d mostly see various kinds of fish and shrimp. Given the severe underwater pollution in recent years, you could even see loads of plastic bags and different industrial pollutants. The closer you got to the surface, the dirtier the sea water would be.
Nevertheless, Ye Xingguang didn’t expect to encounter anything apart from this scenery. To her astonishment, she even saw people sinking into the sea?!
What was going on?
Each person’s legs were bound by large stones. As the stones sank, the people followed them down into the depths. Some were still alive, desperately trying to swim upwards, but they couldn’t untie the ropes around their legs, rendering their struggle to survive futile.
Some fought until their final breath, eventually becoming drifting souls of the sea…
A man’s face floated by the outside of the submarine, waterlogged and dead. He had swallowed too much water. The sight was so horrifying that Ye Xingguang jolted up in fright, the shock too sudden for her to regain her composure even after several deep breaths.
Gui Baili didn’t know why she was panicking. As he was reading military books, Gui Baili shot an inquiring glance at her.
Ye Xingguang paused, then immediately said, “Quick, we have to save them!”
As Gui Baili rose and looked out the window, seeing people continuously falling from above, he furrowed his cold brows and quickly ordered the crew, “Go and save them.”
“Yes, Master Gui.”
Gui Baili had brought more than a dozen guards with him. Upon receiving the order, they all swam out of the submarine.
As Ye Xingguang continued to watch the struggling drowning people from behind the window, she thought she saw a face that looked very similar to Fu Zhuo.
Ye Xingguang rubbed her eyes. It wasn’t just a resemblance, it was an exact match to Fu Zhuo!
Ye Xingguang couldn’t sit around any longer. She grabbed a fruit knife from the table and rushed out of the submarine.
The moment she hit the water in her long skirt, her slender legs transformed into a beautiful fishtail, and she swam towards Fu Zhuo.
Fu Zhuo was a good swimmer and was able to hold his breath. He tried to untie the ropes on his legs, but he seemed to be seriously injured. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t untie the ropes. As a result, he and the heavy stone continued to sink deeper into the water.
Until at last, Fu Zhuo ran out of breath. Bubbles escaped his mouth as despair filled his heart. He hadn’t imagined in his wildest dreams that this would be how his life would end.
When Ye Xingguang swam over to Fu Zhuo, he had already sunk into the abyss of despair. He had partially lost consciousness, convinced that he was hallucinating as he noticed a beautiful mermaid—very much resembling Ye Xingguang—swimming towards him.
Swimming as fast as she could, Ye Xingguang approached Fu Zhuo. She raised the fruit knife in her hand and sliced the rope tied to Fu Zhuo’s legs. Then, holding his arm, she pulled him towards the submarine.
With the sudden surprise of being freed, even though he was barely conscious, Fu Zhuo swam frantically alongside Ye Xingguang driven by his survival instincts.
Yet, he couldn’t convince himself that any of this was real.
It had to be a hallucination! He must be on the brink of death to be experiencing such a vision!noveldrama
In his hallucination, he saw a mermaid with Ye Xingguang’s face, saving him from the jaws of death – like a goddess. He must be going mad!
Eventually, they reached the entrance to the submarine. Ye Xingguang pushed Fu Zhuo inside, where people from above helped pull him up and dragged him into the cabin. Soon after, Ye Xingguang was also pulled up on board.
[Anying: Yinyingyin, here’s eight chapters for you all at once. Happy Valentine’s Day everyone! Requesting monthly tickets, requesting monthly tickets, still requesting monthly tickets~~]
###Chapter 775: Chapter 775: Reunited with the Big Cancer 1_1 Chapter 775: Chapter 775: Reunited with the Big Cancer 1_1 Fu Zhuo had swallowed quite a bit of seawater and was now sputtering heavily while lying in the cabin.
After being pulled onto the boat by Gui Baili, Ye Xingguang’s beautiful mermaid tail transformed into a pair of slender legs. She dried herself with the fast dryer, put on her shoes, and squatted down beside Fu Zhuo, “Are you okay?”
“You! Little Starlight?” Fu Zhuo was much more alert by now.
So, he knew he was not hallucinating. When he looked at Ye Xingguang again, he was filled with surprise: “Little Starlight, is it really you? How could it be you? Did I… did I see things just now?”
Seeing the look of surprise on Fu Zhuo’s face, Ye Xingguang raised an eyebrow: “What’s there to be so shocked about? You didn’t see it wrong. It was just as you saw. Now you understand why Mr. Qin is so fascinated with mermaids, right?”
Every time Ye Xingguang thought about Fu Zhuo’s previous warning not to have unrealistic fantasies about Ye Junqing, she would get infuriated!
Seeing Fu Zhuo’s shocked face and his sudden realization, Ye Xingguang felt a sense of satisfaction!
Fu Zhuo suddenly slapped his forehead: “So, Little Starlight, you are actually a mermaid, and also the other daughter of the Xia family, Xia Qiongqiong?”
My God! He had no idea all along!
Fu Zhuo suddenly felt like his muddled mind was clearing up: “So, this is the reason for Mr. Qin’s fascination with mermaids? So, because you are a mermaid, because you are Xia Qiongqiong?”
The now aware Fu Zhuo exclaimed, “That’s too much! Mr. Qin never told me. Does he even consider me his brother? Mr. Qin initially acted indifferent to you. I thought Mr. Qin was not interested in you. Later, when I saw Mr. Qin showing some interest in you, I genuinely wanted to bring you two together, hoping you would cling to Mr. Qin and avoid any misunderstandings. That’s why when Mr. Qin and Iron Maiden were normally interacting, I thought about hiding it, after all, aren’t you girls the most prone to overthinking? Little Starlight, I…”
“Shut up, you’re not good at talking, really! You say everything wrong. Thankfully, Toxic Tumor isn’t here. If he heard this, he would definitely throw you back into the sea again!”noveldrama
Who says that Ye Junqing isn’t around and can’t hear their conversation?
Fu Zhuo’s phone is waterproof. After being captured, he cleverly stuffed it into his pocket without disconnecting the call, Ye Junqing on the other end could hear everything Fu Zhuo said clearly. Fu Zhuo just forgot that he hadn’t hung up!
As Ye Junqing, who was trying to locate Fu Zhuo through a call to the navy commander, suddenly heard Little Mermaid’s voice, he pressed the speaker button on his phone and yelled into the receiver, “Starlight, Starlight?”
Unfortunately, no one answered him.
Ye Xingguang pricked up her ears, huh, she seemed to hear Toxic Tumor calling her. Was it an illusion?
She looked around, where did Toxic Tumor come from? Could it be that she missed Toxic Tumor so much that she started having auditory hallucinations?
It must be.
Ye Xingguang touched her frantic heart, forcing herself to change the topic: “Fu Zhuo, you better tell me what happened? Why were you thrown into the sea?”
Ever since she had acute gastritis, she hadn’t seen Fu Zhuo. Apparently, after doing something guilty, Fu Zhuo had gone on the run. He was in such a sorry state. There were bruises all over his face. Obviously, he had been beaten up quite ruthlessly.
Wiping away his bitter tears, Fu Zhuo had to admit, it was a long story.
###Chapter 776: Chapter 776: Reunited with the Big Cancer 2_1 Chapter 776: Chapter 776: Reunited with the Big Cancer 2_1 Seeing Fu Zhuo’s soggy figure, Ye Xingguang pointed to the dryer, “You go dry yourself off first before talking.”
Fu Zhuo did as instructed and quickly dried himself off.
He looked in amazement at this high-tech dryer, thinking that it would be great to have one installed in his home. This way, he wouldn’t need to towel dry himself after showering, which would be incredibly convenient.
However, while Fu Zhuo was drying himself, his phone in his pocket got ruined and the screen went blank.
Meanwhile, Ye Junqing found out that the video call had been cut off.
“Have we figured out the exact location yet?” Ye Junqing asked desperately.
The navy commander nodded, “Yes, Lord Qing, we have the location.”
Ye Junqing’s expression softened, “Get there immediately!”
On the other side, after Fu Zhuo had dried off, Ye Xingguang led him to the upscale lounge on the upper level.
Once they reached the lounge, Ye Xingguang handed Fu Zhuo a cup of hot tea.
“Thank you.”
After drinking the whole cup of tea, Fu Zhuo, having survived the disaster, began to curse loudly!
As it turned out, Fu Zhuo had wanted to atone for his mistake and gain forgiveness from the big villain. He accidentally found out about a cure for his blood-drinking condition and took a dozen bodyguards to find it.noveldrama
Who would have known, they would encounter pirates robbing a cruise ship on the way? Fu Zhuo’s sense of justice immediately surged. He tried to sneak aboard the ship to save people. but he was severely underpowered. The pirates caught him and his men in one swoop.
Listening to this story, even Ye Xingguang found it embarrassing. How humiliating!
While telling his story, even Fu Zhuo felt ashamed and greatly frustrated, “If Xiao Yun were here, it wouldn’t be this bad!”
Isn’t it obvious? Fu Zhuo is a scholar, while Xiao Yun is a martial artist. Of course, Xiao Yun is a hundred times stronger than Fu Zhuo.
“Who were the people who fell into the water with you? The bodyguards who followed you?”
Fu Zhuo expressed his worry, “Several of the bodyguards can’t swim. I need to check on them. I brought them along with me. If anything happened to them, how could I face their parents?”
At this moment, a guard entered with an update, “Young Master Gui, we’ve rescued all of them. No one is dead, and those who were unconscious from inhaling water have already been treated.”
Gui Baili simply nodded in response.
Fu Zhuo heard the report and breathed a sigh of relief. It was only then that he seemed to notice a very handsome and cold man standing behind Ye Xingguang and reflexively asked, “Little Starlight, who is he?”
Ye Xingguang introduced him, “My loyal servant, his name is Gui Baili.”
After that, she added another sentence cheekily, “He’s not what you’re thinking.”
Fu Zhuo didn’t dare to meet Ye Xingguang’s eyes and wished he could slap himself. He wasn’t as tactful as he thought!
He resolved to pretend to be blind even if he saw Little Starlight with ten or eight men in the future. Otherwise, he couldn’t resist reminding Little Starlight to keep her distance from other men. His well-intentioned advice might cause more harm again.
Fu Zhuo risked his life searching for a cure because he meant well. Ye Xingguang was a very protective person and wouldn’t sit back and do nothing when Fu Zhuo had been thrown into the sea and almost drowned.
She immediately asked Gui Baili arrogantly, “These are my people. They’ve been badly beaten. I want revenge for them at sea. Do you have enough men to take?”
Gui Baili gave a small laugh, seemingly finding her question naive. His brilliant black eyes flashed with a chilling murderous intent, “Your highness, with me here, you can do whatever you want, however you want.”
###Chapter 777: Chapter 777: Reunited with the Big Cancer 3_1 Chapter 777: Chapter 777: Reunited with the Big Cancer 3_1 This is the kind of young, heaven-sent leader I admire!
Ye Xingguang swings his arm around, “Fu Zhuo, let’s go. I’m going to help you exact your revenge!”
Fu Zhuo, however, is unusually cautious, “Ye Xingguang, these are not your ordinary pirates. Their leader, Dark Dragon, is the seventh-ranked assassin. We might not be his match. I think we should report this to the naval headquarters immediately and let them send troops to wipe them out. Pirates have been getting increasingly out of control in recent years. If we do not deal with them now, the fishermen in the villages would dare not go out to fish, and how would the maritime transport be able to operate securely?”
“I don’t have a cell phone.” Her phone was taken away by Geshu Tang. Besides, would there even be a signal out at sea?
“I have one!” Fu Zhuo immediately takes out his phone, only to find that it has been switched off automatically.
As Fu Zhuo attempts to power it on and fails repeatedly, he shakes his phone in frustration, “It seems to have gotten water damage.”
Not expecting much from Fu Zhuo, Ye Xingguang asks curiously, “Dark Dragon, why does that name sound familiar?”
Fu Zhuo explains, “He once killed Qing Ye in the capital tunnel! One of my guides is still held by them. This guide knows where to find the medicine for Qing Ye’s blood-related disease! It took me a great deal of effort to find this guide, we must rescue him!”noveldrama
“Is that so? Then we must rescue him!”
Fu Zhuo adds, “Dark Dragon and his subordinates are all swollen. They must have done so many evil deeds that they are now getting their comeuppance! There is a medical team on the cruise ship. They captured the medical team in hopes of treating their ailments. I was severely beaten because I mocked Dark Dragon and his men about their swelling!
“Body swelling?”
“Yes, they were bitten by a giant wolf the night they assassinated Qing Ye. They must have been poisoned. But unlike Qing Ye and Xiao Yun, they weren’t lucky enough to drink the antidote you prepared. So, Dark Dragon is still poisoned and growing weaker and weaker…”
At this point, Fu Zhuo can’t help but show his adoration in his eyes. He affirms that if Qing Ye and Xiao Yun, among other bodyguards, hadn’t taken her antidote, they would have met Dark Dragon’s current dreadful state, as he allegedly sought medical help everywhere but remained unhealed.
…
On the cruise ship, Dark Dragon had contracted wolf poison and is now so swollen that he can hardly open his eyes, his body incredibly weak.
His men aren’t in much better shape, with a few subordinates already having succumbed to the illness.
If he doesn’t receive medical help soon, Dark Dragon feels that his end is near. Unfortunately, though he sought medical help at many hospitals, his condition has barely improved.
Supposedly, a medical team from the Fever Department affiliated with A country’s top medical university was vacationing on the ship. So, Dark Dragon contacts his pirate friend to hijack the cruise ship and capture the medical team to treat him!
At this moment, five doctors from the medical team are being held at gunpoint by the pirates, being forced to treat Dark Dragon.
Laid out on the deck, Dark Dragon rests, weak and frail, in a chair.
Next to him, the doctor trembles in fear, “It seems like a viral infection. Why didn’t you go to the hospital earlier? The virus has already spread to your organs. You need immediate hospitalization, but there are no medical facilities available on this ship.”
Dark Dragon lifts his eyelid, glaring at the doctor from affiliate hospital of the university, “Enough talk, just treat me. If you fail, your fate will be the same as those who were thrown into the sea to feed the fish!”
The sickness came from a giant wolf bite!
###Chapter 778: Chapter 778: Reunited with the Big Cancer 4_1 Chapter 778: Chapter 778: Reunited with the Big Cancer 4_1 He had already made inquiries, Xiao Yun was admitted to T University Affiliated Hospital the day after being bitten by the giant wolf. After two days of intravenous drip at the hospital, he was healed. Clearly, the doctors of T University Affiliated Hospital were skilled. Doctors from other hospitals could do nothing but make a patient’s condition worse. At present, he could only rely on these doctors to save his life!
The few doctors exchanged glances: “Without the necessary resources, even the craftiest cannot perform miracles. We obviously can’t provide you with professional medical services here on the boat. It’d be best if you steer the ship towards a dock, then head to the nearest hospital. Only a hospital can provide the necessary medical facilities. Your condition requires a CT scan and blood tests. Only after viewing the scans and lab reports, and identifying the exact virus, can we prescribe a treatment.”
Following them was Dark Dragon’s female underling, Little Qi, who was already so sick that she was gasping for breath, her high fever never subsiding.
She struggled to sit up upon hearing the news, pointing her gun at the doctors: “I want you to cure me now, or I’ll shoot you dead!”
“Ac-ac-ac… actually, I can s-s-save… save you.” Suddenly, a frail-looking teenager raised his hand, the guide mentioned by Fu Zhuo.
Just then, over the calm sea, the giant wolf started churning, a submarine emerged from the depths like a dragon, suddenly surfacing.
Suddenly, the pirates on the deck of the cruise ship were all on high alert, several pirates spun their guns around, warily watching as more and more of the submarine surfaced.
The pirates had hijacked a small cruiser that could carry over a hundred people, and they also had a larger pirate ship of their own, with nearly two hundred pirates on it. Many pirates were eating grilled fish and drinking beers, arm wrestling on the pirate ship. Seeing the emerging submarine, they all halted their entertainment, picked up their various firearms, aiming at the submarine.
Ye Xingguang did not rush out of the submarine, she just stood in front of the periscope, observing the pirates on the ship.
“Whoa, there are so many of them? Fu Zhuo, now I understand why you ended up being thrown into the sea tied to a rock. Didn’t you consider the vast disparity in strength before you went about your rescue mission?”
Fu Zhuo stood next to her, embarrassed by the question: “Little Starlight, I heard that you fought off a group of pirates single-handedly and rescued your foster parents last time!”
“So, from what you’re telling me, if I, a girl, can pull it off, there’s no reason why you, a grown man, can’t?”
That’s exactly what Fu Zhuo was thinking!
Could he, a full-grown man, be outdone by a girl?
Not to mention, he had over twenty bodyguards with him!
“Hehe… so in the end, you still need me to save you.”
Ye Xingguang showed no mercy in shattering Fu Zhuo’s self-esteem.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang, not wanting to further harm Fu Zhuo’s pride, didn’t say anything else and adjusted the angle of the periscope, scanning the area. When she spotted a square-faced man smoking on the deck, she thought for a moment, her pupils suddenly contracted. This was the pirate she had encountered on the sea last time!
Who would have thought she’d run into him again after just over a month?
“Gui Baili!”
“Your Majesty, please speak.”
“No need for your men to act. I alone can scare the hell out of them! Do you have a loudspeaker?”
A lot was unknown about Gui Baili, his slender hand pointed at a microphone on the submarine: “You mean this one?”
Ye Xingguang walked up to the microphone, blew into it a couple of times and then tapped the mic, curious: “This can transmit sound underwater?”
###Chapter 779: Chapter 779: Reunited with the Big Cancer 5_1 Chapter 779: Chapter 779: Reunited with the Big Cancer 5_1 Gui Baili remained silent as his follower spoke, “Your Highness, what are you planning to do? This loudspeaker allows everyone in an entire city to hear your voice. Sometimes when we are leading an attack, Gui uses it to call for surrender. The volume can be lowered or raised, the knob here controls that.”
“Oh really? Set it to the maximum volume for me.”
“Yes.”
Once Gui Baili’s subordinate had adjusted the loudspeaker to its highest volume, Ye Xingguang picked up the microphone, shooting a defiant look at Fu Zhuo, “Watch and learn. Do not act recklessly in the future if you lack the means to back it up. I can command the attention of all, can you?”
What did she mean by that?
Fu Zhuo was puzzled.
Ye Xingguang held the microphone and started singing, her melodious voice ringing out through the loudspeaker.
Ye Xingguang didn’t sing much, after singing just one verse, she grabbed the mic and said, “Hey, all the little nothing nobodies on this ship! Do you remember your queen’s voice?”
The pirate leader who was smoking a cigarette on the deck, leering eagerly at the submarine, almost dropped his cigarette. In the next second, just like a scared bird, he straightened up rigidly, eyes locked on the submarine as he wiped his cold sweat. Using his hands as a megaphone he bellowed, “Sh-Sh…Shark Queen?”
Shark Queen, was the nickname that the pirate leader gave Ye Xingguang.
There’s no way he could have misheard this voice, even if he were a ghost. It was the singing voice of the Shark Queen, calling for her sharks!
“If you still remember your queen, I advise you to surrender immediately. Retreat from the cruise ship and ensure the safety of everyone on board. Otherwise… you won’t want to know the consequences.”
Ye Xingguang’s voice echoed from the loudspeaker, full of menace, “Remember, I’m giving you just three minutes.”
“Holy shit, who’s this presumptuous? Daring to demand that we retreat within three minutes?”
The pale and tired Dark Dragon who was lying in a chair, infuriated by the insulting words coming from the loudspeaker of the submarine, shot up from his chair, marched up to the railing, and roared, “Which cheeky woman inside that submarine is spouting nonsense? Are you tired of living?”
Upon hearing this, the pirate leader quickly prevented Dark Dragon from speaking any further, “Dark Dragon, mind your words. Remember the girl I told you about who could command sharks? That song is hers, a song to call her sharks! It was her who spoke just now. She is not only beautiful but also very powerful, so don’t provoke her!”
“Cao San, are you drunk? Look at you, scared shitless by just a song!” Dark Dragon’s tone was full of contempt.
This infuriated the pirate leader. Nobody wants to be disdained. He grunted, “Whether you believe it or not, it’s your problem. Anyway, I’m getting out of here. Brothers, you heard the Shark Queen’s command, right? Retreat, all of you, don’t harm anyone on the cruise ship!”
“Yes!”
“Yes!”
“Yes!”
The pirates who had experienced Ye Xingguang’s power quickly backed off and put away their guns pointed at the doctor.
On the pirate ship nearby, dozens of them had heard Ye Xingguang’s singing before, so they instantly dropped their guns.noveldrama
They didn’t forget to warn their companions, “Put away your guns! Put them away! That’s our boss’s song! That’s our boss’s command, Brothers on the cruise ship, retreat, now! Stop dawdling!”
###Chapter 780: Chapter 780: Reunited with the Big Cancer 6_1 Chapter 780: Chapter 780: Reunited with the Big Cancer 6_1 The newly joined pirates looked at each other in confusion, not knowing what was going on: “Boss, which boss?”
“Which other boss could it be, it’s the one I told you about, the female boss who can command sharks! Our most, most, most, most distinguished Shark Queen!” said the pirate, his voice brimming with pride.
“Is that true? Can this song really summon sharks, and these sharks actually listen to her orders, that beautiful and imposing female pirate?” Many newly joined ones thought that the Shark Queen was mere fantasy of the veterans.
“I don’t believe it! They must be exaggerating!”noveldrama
“I also don’t believe it! If a lass can command sharks, then I might as well be able to fly to the sky.”
A pirate with a limp slapped a doubter’s head fiercely, “Shut up! All of you shut up! Anyone who disrespects our boss, I’ll kill them!”
Having said that, the limping pirate walked to the railing of the pirate ship and respectfully acknowledged towards the submarine, he shouted, “Queen, Queen, have you finally come looking for us?”
Meanwhile, the pirate leader had swiftly retreated with his underlings.
An Long and his men did not want to retreat, especially An Long’s men. After seeing the third brother retreat with his men, they immediately propped up their frail bodies, pointing guns at the several doctors. If they were to retreat, their lives will be gone!
Although Fu Zhuo in the submarine couldn’t hear what the people on the pirate ship were saying, but after seeing not only the swift retreat of the pirate leader but also his respectful nod towards the submarine, he was simply astounded, he was in disbelief and excited enough that his blood was boiling.
“Little Xingguang, how did you do that? Do you know them? Are they actually so fearful of you?”
Ye Xingguang did not respond to Fu Zhuo, simply held up the microphone and snorted, “An Long, you’re impressive, actually treating my words like wind passing by your ear, it seems that you’re tired of living, huh?”
Having a handsome god at her back made her words full of confidence.
However, “Bang——”
Unwilling to be spoken to in that way, An Long fired a shot at the submarine, cursing at the same time: “Insubordinate girl! I’ve been on the crime scene for so many years, aside from my goddess, no one else has ever dared to talk to me like that!”
“Well…you’ve got guts.” Ye Xingguang snorted at the microphone.
Afterwards, she said to Gui Baili: “I’ve been annoyed with those pirates for a while now, is there a way to deal with them once and for all? Otherwise, they’ll just cause more trouble next time.”
Gui Baili dropped a single word, extremely cold and ruthless: “Kill!”
“Err…are there other means? The act of killing always seems too brutal, don’t you think?”
However, Gui Baili, being a war-mongering demon, didn’t think it was brutal: “Violence is the most direct and effective way to solve a problem. Besides, they dared to shoot at you. Your Highness, give me three minutes, and I will eliminate everything for you.”
Actually, according to Gui Baili’s character, he could obliterate the two boats in front of them with a push of a button. However, considering that there were people on the ship that Her Highness wanted to save, Gui Baili decided against it.
“Alright.”
After Ye Xingguang finished, she sat in the submarine waiting.
Fu Zhuo was curious and stood before the periscope to watch.
Although Ye Xingguang didn’t know what was happening outside, Fu Zhuo’s voice and movements had allowed her to imagine a grand play in her head.
###Chapter 781: Chapter 781: Reunited with the Big Cancer 7_1 Chapter 781: Chapter 781: Reunited with the Big Cancer 7_1 Fu Zhuo was gazing intently into the submarine periscope, muttering in disbelief, “What the…damn…holy…what…ah…”
Then, he abruptly withdrew his eyes from the periscope and looked at Ye Xingguang, his face full of shock, as if wondering, “Who am I? Where am I? What in the world did I just see?”
Originally not curious, Ye Xingguang ultimately found herself intrigued by Fu Zhuo’s astonishment “What’s happening outside?”
Fu Zhuo pointed at the periscope.
When Ye Xingguang moved to the periscope and watched the scene unfold, the fight had ended. On the deck of the cruise ship, Gui Baili stood alone, uninterested, his eyes filled with ennui.
However, all the pirates on the other ship had fallen to their knees, their faces filled with terror and self-doubt. The sight of Gui Baili intimidated them as if they were staring at a demon from hell. This was too horrifying, they wanted to go home and never be pirates again!
Gui Baili’s subordinate returned to the submarine and reported, “Your highness, the situation has been dealt with. Would you like to go out?”
“Oh…” Ye Xingguang regretted not watching the fight earlier and missing the exhilarating process.
Ye Xingguang stepped forward, followed by Fu Zhuo, and they emerged from the top of the submarine.
Ye Xingguang, against the sea wind, squinted her eyes as she boarded the yacht. She sneered at the pirates prostrating themselves fearfully, especially the exhausted Dark Dragon who was still pinned and kneeling before Gui Baili.
The pirates kneeling on the cruise ship saw Ye Xingguang as a beacon of hope: “Your highness, we followed your orders entirely. We immediately retreated when you commanded us. Please, spare us!”
“Heh… you obeyed, but your comrade Dark Dragon didn’t. He even dared to fire a shot at my submarine. You’re lucky I haven’t prosecuted all of you for his misdeeds. And now, you dare to plead for mercy? I demand to know who threw my man into the sea? Step forward, and I might just leave your bodies intact!”
The kingpin of the pirates turned ashen upon recognizing Fu Zhuo standing behind Ye Xingguang. He was associated with the Shark Queen?
The pirate kingpin wiped his cold sweat apprehensively as he realized Fu Zhuo was the one he had personally thrown overboard: “Your highness, this is a misunderstanding, a complete misunderstanding. Had I known he was associated with you, I wouldn’t have laid a finger on him!”
Upon spotting Ye Xingguang on deck, Gui Baili moved a chair towards her, “Your highness, have a seat.”
Seeing even the murderous Gui Baili treating Ye Xingguang with utmost respect, the pirate kingpin broke out in a cold sweat. If even a man of Gui’s calibre bowed before the queen, then her claim that they weren’t worthy of serving her wasn’t mere arrogance!
The pirate kingpin kept bowing repeatedly, “Your highness, have mercy!”
Ye Xingguang arrogantly sat on the chair, crossed her legs, and said to Fu Zhuo, “What are you waiting for? Whoever hit you, hit them back ten times, hundred times harder. Show no mercy, Xiao Yun is not here, but I am. Can’t I support you?”
“Ye Xingguang…Thank you!”noveldrama
Fu Zhuo didn’t know what to say. He had narrowly escaped death and survived a disaster, and now Ye Xingguang was supporting him and taking revenge for him. Yet, instead of feeling a blow to his pride, he was filled with gratitude.
###Chapter 782: Chapter 782: Reunited with the Big Cancer 8_1 Chapter 782: Chapter 782: Reunited with the Big Cancer 8_1 “How could he have ever thought that such a gem as Ye Xingguang would be invisible to Qing Ye?
Such a jewel, even he couldn’t help but fall in love with her!
Fu Zhuo didn’t hesitate. He boarded the pirate ship, captured and beat up those who dared approach him. It was such a satisfying fight!noveldrama
Over here, Dark Dragon, on the verge of death, was tossed in front of Ye Xingguang by two soldiers. Both of his legs had been shot and seemed completely useless, a sight too terrible to look at.
Ye Xingguang gently touched the diamond ring on her pinky finger. She had planned to teach Dark Dragon a harsh lesson, but who knew that the divine young commander would disable him entirely. Seeing Dark Dragon unable to lift his arms too, it seemed that his arms were also ruined?
Ye Xingguang couldn’t bear to look. She waved her hand and ordered people to carry this pathetic mound of mush away. If even he could rank as the seventh assassin, then the assassin’s list was seriously lacking!
After beating up all the people he wanted to on the pirate ship, Fu Zhuo returned to the yacht, feeling splendid and rejuvenated.
Ye Xingguang asked her, ‘Did you let off steam?’
“More than just letting off steam! Ye Xingguang, wait a moment.”
Fu Zhuo brought a terrified young boy in front of Ye Xingguang, “It’s him, he knows where to find the medicine to treat Qing Ye’s old disease.”
Cure for the blood disease, even she couldn’t get her hands on it, how could this terrified boy in front of her know about it?
Ye Xingguang was skeptical. She looked up at the young man, “Do you really know? Where is it?”
The cold sweat on the boy’s forehead continued to drop, his legs gave out with a thud, “I know… I know… Queen, spare me…”
“Get up. We’re here to rescue you, what are you afraid of?”
“Really… really?” But the moment the young boy’s eyes landed on Gui Baili, who was standing hands-folded next to Ye Xingguang, he was filled with terror. There was no sign of relief from his escape.
“What else could it be?”
Ye Xingguang slowly stood up, walked towards the doctors, her attitude completely different compared to her previous arrogance, her smile became exceptionally friendly, “Are you guys okay? I’m Ye Xingguang, the carp girl. I heard that you encountered pirates, I came here specially to rescue you, do any of you have been injured?”
“You’re… the carp girl? You really are the carp girl? You are much prettier than in your pictures!”
“I heard that the Carp Girl was kidnapped and her whereabouts were unknown. Everyone was talking about it on Weibo, saying that the Carp Girl was in great danger. You’re okay? That’s great, and you even came to rescue us? Thank you.”
“You’re really much prettier than in the pictures, thank you so much, if it wasn’t for your rescue, we wouldn’t know what the pirates would have done to us.”
Ye Xingguang was embarrassed by the compliments. She did not have makeup on at the moment, of course, she was prettier than her photos.
One of the doctors took the initiative to shake hands with her, and Ye Xingguang reciprocated, “You don’t need to be polite. My dad had surgery at your hospital. It’s our duty to save you. Were any of you injured?”
One of the doctors looked sad, “We’re fine. We were just scared. The real victims are Mr. Fu and his bodyguards… They were all thrown into the sea. They all died trying to save us…”
“Don’t worry, they’re all alive. I have rescued them, and they’re currently in the submarine.”
The doctor’s eyes lit up with joy, “Thank Heavens.”
“But I would like to trouble you, can you please check the injuries on Fu Zhuo and help to tend to them?”
Hearing Ye Xingguang still caring for his wounds at this moment, Fu Zhuo was so touched he didn’t know what to say.
###Chapter 783: Chapter 783: Reunited with the Big Cancer 9_1 Chapter 783: Chapter 783: Reunited with the Big Cancer 9_1 While the doctor was treating Fu Zhuo, Ye Xingguang borrowed a cell phone, immediately flipping through the contacts like she had found treasure, and called the man she had been thinking about day and night.
The cruise ship had WIFI. Before the call was even connected, she was already yearning for him impatiently, annoyed at how slow he was to answer. After all, shouldn’t a fiance answer immediately?
Little did she know, he hesitated because he didn’t recognize the incoming number.
Upon answering, he didn’t speak immediately. He habitually held the phone to his ear, waiting for the other person to speak first. It wasn’t until he heard the phrase laced with bitterness— “You jerk!” —that he was caught off guard.
Was it an illusion? The voice over the phone caused his heart to soften.
His deep voice instantly filled with warmth: “Is that you, Xingguang?”
It had been a full week since she last saw him, so the moment she heard his voice, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel a pang of sadness. Alone, she walked to the railing of the ship’s deck and started complaining, “Who else could it be but me? You are so annoying, I don’t even want to talk to you anymore!”noveldrama
At the time, he had switched bodies with Tang Zhou and didn’t even tell her!
She had been keeping tabs on Tang Zhou every day, hoping they would switch bodies again. But he refused to switch back. Did he even realize how much she missed him these past few days when she couldn’t see him?
Ye Xingguang was both angry and resentful, so she called him a jerk, not caring whether he liked it or not, “Where are you? If you don’t show up soon, I’m done with you!”
Upon hearing her saddened voice, his heart turned into a mess. He wished he could hold her close at that moment. Standing on the deck, he faced the sea breeze and spoke, “I’m right in front of you.”
“Don’t lie to me. There’s no one in front of me. You jerk, you were with me the other day and didn’t tell me, I don’t want to see you anymore.” Despite her words, she was yearning to see him.
“Look up and gaze forward. I can see you.” He stood there with a telescope, peering into the open sea. He spotted a girl in a long dress on a cruise ship. The telescope’s magnification was so powerful that he could even see the subtle changes in her facial expressions.
Ye Xingguang paused, looking up and forward, but she saw no one. However, she thought she could see a ship.
But because the distance was too great, she couldn’t clearly see him standing on the ship.
His voice, low and gentle, sounded enchanting, “I’m on the ship you see, do you see me?”
“See my foot! It’s too far, and I don’t have long-distance vision. Are you… truly on that ship?”
Why does it feel like another trick?
What are the odds? She wants to see him and he conveniently appears in front of her?
He must be fooling her, Ye Xingguang refused to believe it!
“I haven’t had the chance to see our baby for seven days, and I bet it’s grown a lot in its egg. I didn’t get to witness the baby’s growth every day, it’s so frustrating! We also couldn’t hold our engagement party as scheduled. Given the circumstances, am I still considered your fiancée? If you don’t marry me soon, I’m going to marry someone else!” Ye Xingguang despised her own lack of self-respect for being this forward.
But she had so much resentment bottled up inside that she just had to vent. She had grown accustomed to sleeping in his arms every night, but for the past seven days, she had to sleep alone. She wildly missed his dominant arms that held her tightly every night!
###Chapter 784: Chapter 784: Reunited with the Big Cancer 10_1 Chapter 784: Chapter 784: Reunited with the Big Cancer 10_1 “Who said I won’t marry you? If you’re not my fiancée, then whose fiancée do you belong to?” Ye Junqing emphasized.
With a telescope in hand unwilling to miss any subtle expression on her face, his deep, dark pupils locked onto the most beautiful star in the vast cosmos as if wishing to possess it entirely.
In a high-handed tone that left no room for argument, he added, “In this lifetime, you will never be someone else’s fiancée. Heaven has decreed that you, Ye Xingguang, belong to me, Ye Junqing only! It’s just that I was too foolish, missing countless good opportunities!”
That’s more like it!
Ye Xingguang liked his domineering words. Her pretty eyes squinted, trying to observe the distant ships. She spoke with a proud tone, “Your words are meaningless. If you don’t take me home, I’ll become someone else’s fiancée. You should know, I’ve always been forced to inherit the throne. If I inherit it, I’ll be another man’s fiancé!”
Ye Junqing chuckled.
“What are you laughing at? You still laugh. Aren’t you worried at all? Actually, I feel a lot of pressure too!”
If he continues to be indifferent like this, she will be so upset that she will hang up the phone!
“Don’t worry, baby.” How could he not hear the longing in her tone? But he indeed wasn’t rushing, because no matter how much unavoidable circumstances she had, regardless if she had a throne to inherit, she would always belong to him.
The matchmaker god had tied their red thread into a permanent knot, one that could never be undone in this lifetime.
Ye Xingguang became aggravated, “Can you not worry? You have no idea about my current situation! Do you realize how many people are pressuring me to marry someone else, forcing me with the word ‘responsibility’? I am under tremendous pressure!”
“I know.” From Bai Xiao’s narration of the history of the vampires, the history of the underwater empire, he knew that if he wasn’t the inheritor of the vampires, probably the entire country would oppose them being together.
He wasn’t afraid, just a little bothered.
“If you know, then care more! Can your voice sound a little more anxious? I can’t hear at all whether you care about me! You are a big tumor, the netizens’ evaluation of you is quite accurate.” Ye Xingguang was on the verge of crying out of frustration!noveldrama
Ye Junqing could also infer from her expression that she might cry anytime, he felt a pang of guilt and comforted her softly, “Baby, don’t cry. I do care, I care for you.”
“But I can’t feel it at all!” Ye Xingguang grumbled.
“Wait for me to come over.”
“Is this even a matter where I wait for you? You totally missed the point. You just don’t care about me!”
“What should I do then, for you to feel my concern?” Ye Junqing’s expression turned serious. He wanted desperately to hold her in his arms, but they were already moving at the top speed and couldn’t move any faster.
Ye Xingguang stomped her foot, “Do I have to tell you how? You stupid! Of course, you have to compete for the position of the vampire clan’s inheritor! Only if you hold that position, I can marry you without worrying about anything else, you know? Since you already got the blood-sucking disease, why not compete for it, okay?”
“Okay.” He answered so quickly and decisively that Ye Xingguang, who was still about to continue, stopped, her anger dissipating instantly.
“Really?” Ye Xingguang’s eyes lit up instantly, and a smile returned to her face.
“Hmm.” Ye Junqing, through the telescope, was focused on her radiant face, “Don’t worry, the position of the vampire clan’s inheritor should be mine!”
###Chapter 785: Chapter 785: Reunited with the Big Cancer 11_1 Chapter 785: Chapter 785: Reunited with the Big Cancer 11_1 Ye Xingguang was only happy for three seconds, then immediately put on a stern face again, “Could you maybe not be so overly self-assured?”
Big Tumor’s air of assurance drove her to worry. This man probably had never encountered any setbacks from childhood to adulthood, developing this intolerable arrogant personality. Little did he realize, pride comes before a fall.
“Look, being the heir to vampires isn’t all that great. I had seen the old vampire king once when I was young. He’s a bizarre fellow, almost feels like a lunatic, always playing devil’s advocate, unpredictable mood changes and all. His standard for selecting an heir is probably super weird, impenetrable and unknowable, you must do your best, got it? And let me tell you, don’t ever go along with him. That weird old guy totally deserves a smack!”
“Alright, got it. Anything else to watch out for?” said Ye Junqing with a faint smile. He originally wanted to tell her that he was exactly the heir that the old man had been begging for years to take on, but if he did, Little Fish Tail would probably beat him to death.
Ye Junqing held back from revealing the truth, especially appreciating the urgency and tension currently on her face. That was a sign she cared about him!
Ye Junqing relished in it, wishing he could permanently capture the anxious look on her face with a camera.
“What else would I know? You should send people to investigate. I myself don’t know much about the old guy either. Just remember to not take it lightly. Why hasn’t your ship arrived yet? My patience is running at 0.00000001%!”
“Xingguang,” Ye Junqing called her name fondly.
Ye Xingguang scowled slightly, “Hmm, what is it?”
“I miss you.”
“Uh…” Her impatience seemed to cool at his words, as if the chilly breeze had blown through. Ye Xingguang tried hard to hold back a smile, humphed twice, and finally said something reasonable, she arrogantly said, “Alright, my patience is at 0.00000002%, and it can’t increase anymore.”
She was a woman with principles, she couldn’t let a man saying “I miss you” increase her patience too much.
“By the way, I just saved Fu Zhuo. He’s your most favored subordinate and brother. How do you plan to thank me?”
A good deed must always be rewarded, say, a hug, a kiss or something more intimate.
She was desperately lacking love at the moment. The seven-day separation felt more like seven years.
“What do you want?”
Ye Junqing had already known from the previous undropped call that Fu Zhuo was in danger and was then saved by Little Fish Tail.
Even though he often teased that Fu Zhuo was a hindrance rather than a helper, Fu Zhuo was his brother after all. When Fu Zhuo was in danger, he was more worried than anyone else.
This favor, he certainly owed it to Little Fish Tail: “How about paying you back in kind?”
Blushing, Ye Xingguang instinctively glanced back to make sure no one heard her conversation. She arrogantly hummed, then unhesitatingly retorted, “Once is not enough!”
“Ha!” On the other end of the line, Ye Junqing’s hearty laughter echoed.
Ye Xingguang felt slightly embarrassed, but she truly missed him so much, and decided to unabashedly press forward: “You must compensate me for seven days and seven nights! Not one night less!”
Ye Junqing was quiet for a while, then he laughed even more heartily: Oh, this sweet little thing!noveldrama
Before long, the naval vessel he was on finally neared. Ye Xingguang held the phone, watching him stand on the front of the ship, eyes fixated on hers through his own phone. Their eyes met, and she swallowed nervously, “I also need a big, big, big, big KISS…”
###Chapter 786: Chapter 786: Reunited with the Big Cancer 12_1 Chapter 786: Chapter 786: Reunited with the Big Cancer 12_1 “Okay.”
When the warship and the cruise ship finally collided, Ye Junqing leaped onto the deck of the cruise ship. He walked straight up to her and pulled her fiercely into his arms, bending over to kiss those lips she had been longing for day and night.
Leng Chenmo stood on the warship, watching the scene with turbulent emotions stirring in his eyes. His deep, restrained gaze swept over the cruise ship. He didn’t see Tang Zhou, which made him feel a mix of disappointment and jealousy.
By the time the passionate couple stopped kissing, Leng Chenmo had already boarded the cruise ship and was walking towards them.
“Xingguang, where is Zhou?”
“Zhou didn’t come with me. I just came out for a stroll and didn’t expect to run into you all.” If she could, she would have done everything possible to bring Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei with her.
After speaking, she snuggled against Ye Junqing. The affection in her heart hadn’t faded; she couldn’t help but wrap her arms around his waist, wishing she could glue herself to him, oblivious to the gaze of people around her. This longing she had was so intense that even she felt she was losing her mind.noveldrama
She had no idea the enjoyment he felt from her reliance on him.
The weight of love in his deep eyes fell on her face, so profound that it seemed bottomless.
Due to limited conditions, the doctor had given Fu Zhuo a simple treatment for his wounds. Afterward, the navy officers transported him and everyone else on the cruise ship to the warship.
All pirates on the pirate ship were handcuffed by the navy. This time, these pirates were all captured at once, and their impending prison sentences were unavoidable.
Xiao Yun stood on the warship, watching as the pirates were barely alive when they were arrested by the navy. To his surprise, how could Dark Dragon, the seventh-ranked assassin, be in such a miserable state?
At this time, one of the captured pirates shouted at Ye Xingguang, “My queen, you promised that once our power is strong enough, we could follow you. You deceived me. You’ve broken my heart!”
The pirate who had planned on following Ye Xingguang was handcuffed by navy officers. His face was filled with despair and anger towards Ye Xingguang. His tone seemed like he had encountered an unfaithful lover.
“Uh…”
Ye Xingguang hummed, telling Ye Junqing, “It’s these pirates who kidnapped my in-laws last time. Don’t let them go.”
Ye Junqing tilted his head, squinting at the pirate crew taken into custody by the navy, “Don’t worry, I’ll make them pay in jail.”
“Master Ye.” Fu Zhuo, with a bruised face, walked towards them.
Ye Junqing initially wanted to tell him to get lost, yet considering his beaten condition, he ultimately swallowed his words and said, “Let’s get on the warship.”
Then, holding Ye Xingguang, he intended to take her onto the warship.
“My Queen.” Gui Baili stopped Ye Xingguang, preventing them from leaving, “I’m afraid we must return now.”
Although Gui Baili had long pledged his loyalty to Ye Xingguang, just like the populace of Atlantis, he longed for her to ascend the throne and become the Queen of Atlantis. Naturally, he wouldn’t allow her to be taken away.
Ye Junqing had been aware of Gui Baili all along, just ignoring him. Now, hearing Gui Baili speak, his face instantly darkened. When they were underwater, he couldn’t do much about her being taken around by her mermen. But on the surface of the sea, he would not allow anyone to take his mermaid away.
###Chapter 787: Chapter 787: Reunited with the Big Cancer 13_1 Chapter 787: Chapter 787: Reunited with the Big Cancer 13_1 The atmosphere, instantly, was as tense as drawn bows and arrows.
Ye Xingguang looked at Gui Baili, then at Ye Junqing, fearing that the two might start fighting.
Ye Xingguang immediately hugged Ye Junqing and said, “Listen to me, Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei are still in the palace. I’ll go back first, and you should hurry to devise a plan to stake a claim for the Vampire heir. I’ll wait for you to come marry me.”
Ye Junqing’s face darkened tremendously, forcing Ye Xingguang to continue comforting him, “If I escape, they’ll take it out on Tang Zhou…”
“I’ll marry you as soon as I can!” Ye Junqing held her tightly in his arms, unwilling to let go. Yet he had to consider Tang Zhou’s safety, and it infuriated him to his core.
“Listen, before I marry you, don’t try to ascend the throne,” Ye Junqing warned her, afraid she might impulsively decide to become the queen.
He had spent over thirty thousand to hire Yen’an as a guide to delve into her childhood, where a little girl was caught in a power struggle in the palace, ignored, assassinated, and the bloody undersea kingdom never once warmed her yet commanded her to shoulder the queen’s duties!
If she really became the queen, would she then have to live twenty thousand meters under the sea, shrouded in perpetual darkness, for the rest of her life? Even if he, as the vampire heir, married her, would he also have to spend his whole life with her in the persistent gloom underwater?
Such a life, he would never wish for it. Could it be possible that she’d want to live under the sea forever?
Looking deeply into her eyes, Ye Junqing asked her, “Tell me, would you rather live under the sea or on dry land in the future?”
“Of course, on dry land.”
She wasn’t a native resident of the undersea, even though she’d spent most of her time on Bugi Island before. She would go insane living in total darkness without sunshine for even a month.
“So, being a queen isn’t for you, don’t agree to it. Otherwise, you’ll be held hostage for the rest of your life, stuck in that dreadful place with no way to escape. Moreover, our baby will also have to inherit your throne and won’t be able to live under the sun. Can you bear it?”noveldrama
The thought of their baby not being able to enjoy sunshine and rain rendered Ye Xingguang heartbroken. No matter how great the undersea kingdom could be, it held no charm for her, a terrestrial being at heart, not a marine one.
She loved living on the island, loved the boundless seascape, but not the undersea, even if its kingdom was equally bustling.
Ye Xingguang nodded earnestly, “I understand, I won’t become a queen. I’ll wait for you to come marry me.”
After that, with her hands clung tightly around Ye Junqing’s neck, she tiptoed to whisper into his ear, “Don’t worry, I’ll seize the chance to escape with Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei. But you must also strive to become the Vampire heir. Otherwise, even if I flee, they’ll never stop haunting me.”
Ye Junqing held her waist tightly within his arms, not wanting to let go.
At this point, Leng Chenmo approached, his hand falling on Ye Junqing’s shoulder, “It’s just a brief parting. Let them go. Your immediate task is to become the vampire heir as quickly as possible and then bring her back.”
Leng Chenmo was worried about Tang Zhou’s safety. Given the current situation, transient reunions were meaningless. You must become the vampire heir to genuinely solve the problem.
“Sis, I’ll go back with you.” At this moment, Xia Ye Zhao walked over.
Leaving his sister twenty thousand meters beneath the sea made Xia Ye Zhao uneasy. It would be better to stay by her side and protect her.
###Chapter 788: Chapter 788: Reunited with the Big Cancer 14_1 Chapter 788: Chapter 788: Reunited with the Big Cancer 14_1 Xia Ye Zhao said to Ye Junqing, “You go do what you need to do, and I’ll take care of our little sister. With me here, you can rest assured.”
Ye Xingguang wanted to refuse; she already had two hostages in the Imperial Palace. How come there were others wanting to join now? But Xia Ye Zhao insisted, and Ye Junqing thought about Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei who were not reliable types. Suddenly he thought that this idea was not too bad.
In fact, Ye Junqing called Xiao Yun over, “You go with them, protect Xingguang.”
Xiao Yun nodded: “Yes.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”noveldrama
What the hell? There was absolutely no danger to her, why did she need protecting?
In the end, she reluctantly followed Gui Baili. She kept looking back at Ye Junqing, giving him a mix of encouragement and nagging, “You must work hard, don’t let someone else marry me. Otherwise, I’ll torture you seven or eight times before I go to bed every night.”
“Hm?” Ye Junqing’s eyes instantly deepened, hearing her talk about punishing him seven or eight times, he couldn’t wait to give her a punishment right away.
Ye Xingguang blushed, and shouted, “Supplement the brain.”
After that, she quickly dove into the submarine, she was so embarrassed she could barely show her face.
She would never admit that every night before she went to sleep, she would supplement her brain with a grand drama of love and fight with the big tumor. In her imaginary drama, she had tried out all the romantic postures with the big tumor.
Watching her quickly dive into the submarine, a look of astonishment appeared on Ye Junqing’s handsome face. What did she mean by that?
How could he understand that every night before going to sleep, girls would accompany various stories they supplemented in their brain to sleep?
…
In the Imperial Palace, twenty thousand leagues under the sea, when they saw Ye Xingguang return with Xiao Yun and Xia Ye Zhao, Tang Zhou and Ji Qishu were shocked, “What the hell, what’s going on? You went for a walk, and two more people came back?”
Ye Xingguang sighed, “It’s a long story, don’t ask. I’m not in a good mood and I don’t want to talk.”
She hadn’t even been with the big tumor for more than twenty minutes before she was taken back. Although her longing was nowhere near satisfied, at least she had seen him, and he had agreed to compete for the vampire heir, so the trip was not a waste.
Unable to get an answer from Ye Xingguang, Tang Zhou could only ask Xiao Yun, “Xiao Yun, why are you here?”
“Master Junqing asked me to protect Miss Ye.”
Then, Xiao Yun recounted the incident on the sea. After listening to it, Tang Zhou was frustrated, “Damn… Is Junqing stupid? Why didn’t he just take Xingguang away? Who cares about us? One less captive is always a gain.”
Xia Ye Zhao was calm and comforted Ye Xingguang, “This situation can’t be solved just by running away. Since we are here, we might as well just accept it. Just wait, Ye Junqing will come to marry you. Consider it as a vacation in the underwater world, I think this underwater city is quite good.”
Tang Zhou said, “It’s more than quite good. If I could breathe freely in the sea, I would want to buy a property here, buy a submarine for leisure, and take a vacation here. I think we could even develop a submarine tourism project, organize people to come here for tours, we could definitely make a fortune.”
Tang Zhou’s idea coincided with Han Chengbei’s. He had also been thinking about this for the past few days. If this tourism project was developed, they could literally make money while lying down.
Han Chengbei said, “Xingguang, aren’t you the queen of this underwater city? How about I sign a tourism project contract with you now? In the future, Tang Zhou and I will establish a submarine tourism company. We will be in charge of developing this tourism resource. How about it?”
###Chapter 789: Chapter 789: Reunited with the Big Cancer 15_1 Chapter 789: Chapter 789: Reunited with the Big Cancer 15_1 Ye Xingguang looked at Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei: “Do you guys really think I, the puppet queen, can sign a tourism project with you?”
“Why not? My god, can you muster up some queenly spirit, OK? We can make money together. I promise that if this tourism project gets developed, we will definitely make money without lifting a finger. Don’t the sea-dwelling inhabitants want to visit the cities on land? These past few days, many maids in the palaces have been expressing their longing for life on land. Many of them have actually never been to land in their lifetime, which is simply too pitiable. I promise there must be plenty of sea-dwellers who are eager to explore the cities on land.”
Han Chengbei talked nonstop, as if wads of cash were continuously flying towards him.
Speaking of the tourism route, Tang Zhou was also fired up: “Little Xingguang, what are you hesitating for? You’re not doing anything anyway. Are you just a queen in name only? Don’t you have any real power? If not, you should fight for it, don’t miss the opportunity to make money.”
“You’re right.” Since she wasn’t doing anything anyway, she couldn’t just stay locked up, she had to find something to do.noveldrama
With a fiery spirit, Ye Xingguang suddenly stood up: “You’re right. Why should I do whatever they tell me to do? I need to stir up some trouble and get on their nerves, let them know that keeping me here is a hassle for them!”
She thought for a while: “Then you two quickly write the proposal for the tourism project. Once it’s done, I’ll go negotiate.”
“Hell yeah~” Han Chengbei and Tang Zhou immediately high-fived, then pointed at each other in unison: “You write the proposal!”
Tang Zhou brushed off his clothes: “I’ve been a good-for-nothing since childhood, even managing Junxing Weibo is like fishing for three days and sunbathing the net for two days, how can I compare to young master Han’s business skills? You are certainly the best fit for writing the proposal.”
Han Chengbei sat down with a devil-may-care attitude, shaking his long leg: “Tang Zhou, you’re too modest. Who doesn’t know that under your management, Junxing Weibo has become a daily necessity of the public? You are definitely not inferior when it comes to writing this proposal.”
Ye Xingguang listened to their back and forth: “Are you two going to write it or not? If not, I’m losing interest?”
“We’ll write it right away!” Tang Zhou and Han Chengbei said in unison.
In less than half an hour, they both wrote a proposal. Ye Xingguang wasn’t particularly good in this area, so she had Xia Ye Zhao help her check who wrote the better one. After Xia Ye Zhao checked, he passed Han Chengbei’s one to Ye Xingguang.
Han Chengbei snapped his fingers: “Brother Xia, good taste.”
Tang Zhou snorted: “If my little helper were here, a mere proposal wouldn’t even let you win.”
Han Chengbei ignored him and pushed Ye Xingguang: “Come on, let’s go negotiate with the elders here about the partnership. As long as there’s money, I can even establish a travel agency in this underwater city. About the currency, how does one convert the currency of country A to the currency here? I have never been penniless before. Give me an exchange rate and I can buy half the city underwater.”
“Sure.”
Ye Xingguang took the tourism project proposal and specifically called the six elders of the federal interim government to the council hall.
Then, she sat on the throne of the queen, crossed her legs: “Take a look at this, I want to develop tourism. This is the project proposal, as the queen, do I have the authority to decide on this?”
[An Ting: That’s all for today’s update, more will come tomorrow. Please vote for me, recommend me, thank you.](note: This line seems to be the author’s note.)
###Chapter 790: Chapter 790: Awesome, my brother! 1_1 Chapter 790: Chapter 790: Awesome, my brother! 1_1 The Third Elder, Geshu Tang, took the strategic plan, took a glance, and passed it directly to the Fourth Elder, “This isn’t under my jurisdiction, it’s yours.”noveldrama
Fourth Elder Quan Ji, looked to be in his thirties but was actually over a hundred years old. He skimmed the document, “I’ll look into it. This is the first time Her Majesty the Queen wants to get involved in national affairs, of course we will fully support. The empire does have many subjects who wish to see the world above land firsthand. If we can establish tourist diplomacy with the nations on land, that would be good.”
Ye Xingguang was not that easy to be pacified, she sneered at his words: “So, I still can’t make the decisions; you have to see it and decide? Then what is the point of me being queen, is it just for show? Isn’t it supposed to be my word is law in the empire?”
“Of course not, that’s not what we meant.” Fourth Elder Quan Ji grinned cheesily.
Ye Xingguang also laughed, “Then what does it mean? Perhaps the Fourth Elder could explain. I remember when the old king was alive, his word was absolute. When it gets to me, you guys need to see it first before a decision can be made. Are the federal interim government planning to marginalize the power of the queen, reducing her to a state decoration or simply a figurehead?”
Fourth Elder Quan Ji bowed, “After all, Her Majesty hasn’t been formally crowned yet, once you are crowned, you have the final say.”
Ye Xingguang was speechless at the Fourth Elder’s words, not knowing how to retort. She sulked for a moment, “So, when can the Fourth Elder give me a response? How many days will it take?”
Fourth Elder Quan Ji bowed and reported, “I’ll review it, then discuss with the other elders and make a decision through voting. The whole process will take about four or five days, after which, I can give an accurate response to Her Majesty.”
At this time, someone interjected, “Though she isn’t formally crowned yet, she should start learning to manage national affairs from now on. Otherwise, when power is transferred after her crowning, how will she get up to speed? In my opinion, she should start learning to participate in political affairs and gradually take over national matters from today. Even if she doesn’t understand now, she should start learning, otherwise how will she manage such a large country in the future?”
Xia Ye Zhao stepped out from behind the curtain, his voice steady, ready to fight for Ye Xingguang’s rights.
The eyes of the six great elders all landed on Xia Ye Zhao, Third Elder Geshu Tang chuckled, “Your Majesty, who is this?”
“I am her newly appointed State Affairs Advisor, Xia Ye Zhao.”
Ye Xingguang sat with great dignity, her brother wanted her to run national affairs? She had no intention of managing them. However, she couldn’t belittle her brother’s statement, so she nodded seriously, “Exactly, he is my elder brother and my newly appointed State Affairs Advisor. I also believe I should learn how to manage national affairs as soon as possible. Otherwise, how can I take over such a large empire in the future? Why don’t we let me participate in government affairs starting from today? If I don’t understand something, the six elders can teach me. What do the six elders think?”
Seeing that the six elders remained silent, Xia Ye Zhao laughed, “It seems that the elders only want an ignorant queen who doesn’t deal with political affairs, a puppet queen who can marry a vampire heir, get the vampire formula, but has no real power. If that’s the case, I think we shouldn’t bother with the queen’s position. Little sister, let’s go.”
“Okay.” Ye Xingguang got up immediately.
“Hold on.” Bai Qiuhe, the Great Elder, who had been silent all along, stroked his white beard.
###Chapter 791: Chapter 791: Awesome, my brother! 2_1 Chapter 791: Chapter 791: Awesome, my brother! 2_1 Great Elder Bai Qiuhe said, “Your Highness, the Queen, please allow us to discuss.”noveldrama
However, Xia Ye Zhao didn’t want to give them time for discussion. He stood beside Ye Xingguang with his hands behind his back, immediately making the decision for her.
He spoke, “The elders should discuss the following conditions thoroughly: First, arrange a queen’s office where all state affairs must be delivered. The queen will personally review them before they can take effect. Second, the queen’s freedom is sacred and not to be casually infringed. If anyone dares to regard her like a prisoner, she might as well abdicate as the queen!”
After saying this, Xia Ye Zhao gave Ye Xingguang a signal and walked away directly.
It wasn’t until they had left the conference hall that Ye Xingguang grumbled, “Brother, I’m not capable of managing state affairs at all. Why did you fight for this for me? I’d rather have absolute freedom.”
Xia Ye Zhao wasn’t like her other brother, who kept reminding her not to take the throne.
Xia Ye Zhao said, “If you’re destined to be the queen, act like it.”
Ye Xingguang said exasperatingly, “But I don’t want to be a queen at all. I don’t have a dominant personality, and I don’t know how to manage a kingdom. I just want to be an ordinary person, with an easy job and a worry-free family. Even managing a company exceeds my capabilities, let alone an entire kingdom!”
All she wanted was to be beautiful and let her brother take responsibility for earning money and keeping their home…
Yes, that’s right. She lacked ambition.
“If you’re unwilling, you can pass it to your nephew in the future.”
Um… why does everyone assume she’s going to have a son?
Ye Xingguang thought of Alexander. She would be criticized if she had a daughter, instead of a son.
Muttering, Ye Xingguang said, “I don’t want my son to live underwater. Land life is good too. You can sunbathe every day. Even if the underwater world is prosperous, it’s not as good as life on land.”
Xia Ye Zhao gave his unambitious sister a disdainful look and said, “The harder a woman is to get, the more a man will cherish her. If you’re the queen of this underwater kingdom, he will never dare to bully or neglect you, let alone play ball with other women when you’re sick. Do you understand?”
“Um…” It seemed to make a lot of sense.
“I still don’t want to live underwater, and I don’t want to deal with endless affairs or manage a kingdom. People should know their limitations. I don’t have the ambition to be a queen.”
Xia Ye Zhao outstretched his hand and roughed up her hair, “Do you think you can actually hold power if you want to? Have you ever bought clothes? Bargained?”
“Who hasn’t bought clothes or bargained? I’m a master at haggling.”
“Let me ask you, do vendors initially give low prices when you buy clothes?”
“Of course not. They always overprice at first. I can haggle the price down by half.” Sharing her experience, Ye Xingguang seemed to know quite a bit about this matter.
“Therefore, if you don’t set a high bar at first, how will you later negotiate with the deeply-rooted elders? Do you plan to do nothing here and let them lead you by the nose, arranging your marriage and your lazy lifestyle? Do you allow your life to be totally controlled by others and become a puppet in their hands?”
“Um… Brother, you mean… Oh, I get it!”
Immediately, Ye Xingguang hugged Xia Ye Zhao’s arm and said, “So, brother, what should I do next?”
###Chapter 792: Chapter 792: Awesome, my brother! 3_1 Chapter 792: Chapter 792: Awesome, my brother! 3_1 Xia Ye Zhao looked down and observed his younger sister clinging onto his arm. The unexpected intimacy seemed to startle him. He reached out and affectionately patted the back of her hand twice, “You need to seriously learn how to govern a country even if you don’t like it. Show people your ambition. If you’re unable to prove yourself, you can visit the sick in hospitals, care for students in schools, and console soldiers in the military. Make sure that you also show love and care to the people, like a mother to her children, making sure they know that you would make a good queen, understand?”
“What should I do, brother? I feel like you’re always right. Once I’ve done all this, then what? How do I get out of living in this undersea world for a lifetime?” This was Ye Xingguang’s foremost concern.
Xia Ye Zhao looked down at his seemingly ambitionless sister, “Consider the constitutional monarchies on land, like Y country, K country, Q country. The royal family is the highest symbol of status in these countries. They’re hereditary, and even though real power has been transferred to the cabinet, and the prime ministers are elected by the citizens, the royal family possesses absolute privileges. As an ambitionless queen, you need to represent the best of an entire nation, holding countless privileges without needing to govern, allowing the nation to offer you sustenance for generations, and ultimately, becoming a spiritual pillar of the nation.”
“When the time comes, if you don’t want to live underwater, you can return to live on the earth. Yet, you remain the absolute reigning queen of the undersea empire. If your husband’s family treats you poorly, you can leave immediately. Do you think Ye Junqing dare treat you disrespectfully? Having this background gives you strong confidence; you can literally throw your weight around anywhere, you understand?”
Ye Xingguang listened closely, nodding heavily. She considered the governance of the constitutional monarchies on land, and then it clicked. Many countries have royal families without real power, yet these families remain spiritual pillars. Members of these royal families, wherever they go, are adored as the highest leaders by the public. That was the kind of queen she wanted to become.
She did not need to do substantial work, but could still be the spiritual pillar of the imperial citizens. She could be seen as the supreme Sea Goddess in the minds of the imperial citizens, who would care for her and provide her with many privileges. This was simply perfect!
Before this, she only needed to keep her chin up, negotiate with the federal interim government in the future and demand her rights, ultimately achieving her goals.
After all, she did not believe that the six upper-class families would truly hand over the power of the nation to her. She presumed that these families had tasted the sweetness of the federal government long ago and planned to jointly govern the nation. Well, let them, she thought. Why should she fight for underwater authority?
Once Ye Xingguang had figured it all out, she became spirited, nodding heavily, resting her head on Xia Ye Zhao’s shoulder, “Brother, I understand. I know what to do. Thank you, brother.”
In this world, probably only her own brother would consider her so thoroughly and think so far ahead for her.noveldrama
Thinking of how his little sister had once been overlooked as an heir to the throne in this nation, thrown into palace disputes at a young age, Xia Ye Zhao felt a surge of guilt.
In the past, not knowing about her experiences and circumstances, he hadn’t been able to fulfill a brother’s duties. In the future, how could he ever let her be bullied here again? She didn’t suffer her childhood grievances for nothing. If she has endured everything as an heir to the throne, then, he would fight for her to have the greatest rights of an heir!
###Chapter 793: Chapter 793: Awesome, my brother! 4_1 Chapter 793: Chapter 793: Awesome, my brother! 4_1 Two days later, at the top floor of the administration building of the Imperial Palace, Ye Xingguang has her own office.
No matter how knotty the official documents and tasks the six elders present to her to deliberately trouble her, intending to make her back off, as long as Xia Ye Zhao is advising her, she would (always) handle them so perfectly that the six elders couldn’t pick flaws.
Through these tasks, Xia Ye Zhao also got a general understanding of the size of this undersea empire, the abundance of its products, and its resources. Basically, with the exception of the land beyond the high seas, most of the ocean falls within the territorial range of the Atlantis Empire.
The total territory area of this Atlantis Empire is seemingly larger than the combined countries of several major continents on land.
However, although the area is huge, there aren’t many matters for the Queen to manage, as the Atlantis Empire is divided into over a dozen feudal states under a feudal system. Each feudal state is demarcated by the Atlantis Empire and govern independently, but they all obey and tribute to the Queen.
Ye Xingguang sat in her office, finishing today’s tasks, she looked at Xia Ye Zhao admiringly, “Bro, how come you know everything? I could never have managed these tasks if it weren’t for your guidance.”
“Running a country and a company are very similar, as long as you can delegate to others. Ye Shiting, Yanbei, and others before they were elected a president, didn’t they also have no experience in being president and yet they can do the job?”noveldrama
Xia Ye Zhao stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window in the office, looking at the bustling underwater city, what he was thinking were thoughts of Chang Danran and Xiaoman.
“The heir to the vampires, is there really an antidote to cure the vampire disease?”
“Hmm, there should be. Once we get the antidote, Xiaoman won’t have to suffer from the disease anymore. Bro, how is it going with Dr. Chang? Did she divorce? When are you guys going to get married?” Ye Xingguang sat on the duchess chair with her leg crossed.
“She is not willing to divorce for now.” Thinking of Chang Danran, Xia Ye Zhao became somewhat irritable.
“That’s because some unscrupulous people, who do not deserve to be parents, treat Dr. Chang unfairly. If it were me, if my father-in-law and mother-in-law disliked me, I wouldn’t want to get married. I asked Dr. Bo. He and Dr. Chang are just a contracted marriage, no romantic feelings between them, they can divorce anytime. You should try harder.” Ye Xingguang was also really worried about her elder brother’s marriage.
Xia Ye Zhao gave a bitter smile, “Xingguang, after all, they are parents, don’t use this term to describe them.”
Although their parents did not treat Xingguang well, but they never ill-treated Xia Ye Zhao, hearing the words unscrupulous and undeserving parents, Xia Ye Zhao felt a knot in his stomach.
Ye Xingguang snorted, she didn’t describe it wrong.
“Mom and dad didn’t use to be like this.”
Xia Ye Zhao wanted to defend his parents, but his defense sounded quite feeble and Ye Xingguang couldn’t agree with it, “They are just selfish people. In their eyes, only children who can bring them glory are their children. Bro, if you think living outside with Dr. Chang can solve the problem, then you are utterly wrong. I suggest you to completely cut ties with them as father and son, this is the only way you and Dr. Chang can have a future.”
“That’s nonsense.” Xia Ye Zhao replied with two words.
“Anyways, I’m saying this for your own good.”
Of course, she knew her elder brother would never do that. Her elder brother is a family-oriented man, otherwise he wouldn’t love her so much. So for his whole life, he would have to endure those heartless parents. Ye Xingguang felt somewhat sorry for Xia Ye Zhao.
###Chapter 794: Chapter 794: Awesome, my brother! 5_1 Chapter 794: Chapter 794: Awesome, my brother! 5_1 At that moment, Fourth Elder Quan Ji knocked on the door and walked in, causing Ye Xingguang to immediately sit up straight, calling out, “Come in.”
After the young Fourth Elder Quan Ji came in and saw Ye Xingguang working diligently at her desk, he wasn’t sure whether he admired her or thought she was playacting. He then placed the tourism development plan that Ye Xingguang had previously given him on the table.
“Your Highness, we have discussed and agreed to this tourism development project.”
“Really?” Ye Xingguang was a bit surprised.
“In reality, the underwater tourism between various vassal states has long been unable to satisfy the needs of the empire’s citizens. Many of them, even though they have not set foot on land in their entire lives, are eager to see the mountains and rivers on land. Our Atlantis Empire is certainly not an ignorant kingdom that isolates itself from the outside world. If there are dedicated tourism agencies in the countries on land, we are certainly willing to provide our people with the convenience of traveling to the land and also welcome the land dwellers to visit our underwater empire.”
The young Fourth Elder Quan Ji had heard that the Third Elder brought back many delicious foods from the land, all of which he had never tasted. He even dreamed last night of visiting a country on land and feasting there.
“Moreover, we have a vast amount of underwater mineral resources and seafood resources that can be traded with the countries on land. The cooperation between Yen’an and the Ye Corporation, which used the abundant underwater seaweed as raw material for near-sighted masks, has not only resolved the problem of overgrown seaweed but also brought revenue to our empire. If your Highness’s friends are interested in such cooperation, we can all sit down and talk.”noveldrama
Fourth Elder Quan Ji, who is equivalent to the Minister of Commerce and has lived for over a hundred years, has rather broad horizons and a sharp economic mind. He pulled up a chair to sit down and discuss with Ye Xingguang the entire business landscape after opening up to the mainland, and the chat lasted for over an hour.
However, what the Fourth Elder wanted was not to cooperate with a certain company or individual on land; he considered such arrangements beneath him. What he sought was cooperation between nations.
Ye Xingguang immediately applauded, “That works. We can first establish diplomacy with nation A on land. We can go on a state visit to nation A, and even invite the President of nation A to the Atlantis Empire for a state visit. Just like the establishment of diplomacy between two countries on land, it will be led by national leaders and involve various aspects of economic, military, cultural, and tourism diplomatic cooperation.”
With that, Ye Xingguang became excited and sat up straight, “As the queen, I think it’s my duty to perform state visits to nations on land, starting with nation A. What do you think, Fourth Elder?”
There was a glint in the Fourth Elder’s eyes, “After your Highness’s marriage, we can put this on the schedule.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
Well, after getting married it is. As long as that Beast at home can pull his weight. Otherwise, she refuses to marry the vampire’s heir!
After the Fourth Elder left, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but fantasize about returning to nation A with the status of a queen for a state visit. She would be accompanied by the President wherever she went. Just thinking about it made her feel prestigious!
Her life, which had been low-key, suddenly became high-profile and dazzling. She had to remember to stay calm and composed. She shouldn’t get carried away!
Ye Xingguang, who initially didn’t like being the queen, had suddenly changed her mind. The more she thought about it, the more she felt that she would regret not taking on the role of queen!
###Chapter 795: Chapter 795: Awesome, my brother! 6_1 Chapter 795: Chapter 795: Awesome, my brother! 6_1 Han Chengbei and Tang Zhou weren’t idle either. They said they wanted to develop an underwater tourism project, and they really got into it, even going so far as to form a company. The six major clans all wanted to get involved, but Han Chengbei didn’t mind. He knew that without local family support, this underwater tourism market development was impossible to complete.
Han Chengbei and Tang Zhou were both smooth operators, so they simply got on well with the representatives sent out by the six major clans. After a few rounds of dinners, they managed to rent an underwater building with the support of the six clans and set up a tourism company.
They even came up with a name for it: Starlight Tourism Company.
Upon hearing this name, Ye Xingguang asked, “Why is it called Starlight Tourism Company?”
She felt like her name had been appropriated.
Han Chengbei sat confidently on the sofa in Ye Xingguang’s office and said, “This name is the result of Tang Zhou, my ‘plastic teammate’, and I racking our brains. You aren’t pleased? I wanted to call it Chengbei Travel Company but Tang Zhou wouldn’t agree. He insisted on calling it Sunken Boat Travel Company. What was he thinking? He had the gall to even suggest that!”
“So, do I have shares? I must own shares if you’re using my name,” she said.
“Of course, you will have your cut. Each one of these six major families in your country wants a piece of the pie. I accepted them all as shareholders. With their involvement, this tourism project is sure to succeed. The current shares are distributed as follows: I own ten percent, Tang Zhou owns ten percent, each of the six major families owns ten percent, and the remaining twenty percent – all yours.”
Ye Xingguang was pleasantly surprised, “You’re treating me that well?”
“Can I still use your name now?” Han Chengbei sent her a flirtatious glance.
Ye Xingguang grinned, her mouth agape in joy. Of course, she could.
Han Chengbei exclaimed, “Here’s the situation: the local families are in charge of the tourism issues here, and we are forbidden from intervening. I’m only responsible for attracting tourists and delivering them to the leaders selected by the six major families to organize the underwater tours. However, I’ve secured control over land tourism. If the locals here want to go on trips above the surface, I will be the one making the arrangements. That’s why I’m heading back to country A tomorrow, to register the Starlight Tourism Company there. Hey, do you have any messages you want me to pass on to your parents?”
Ye Xingguang was surprised, “How are you getting back?”
“Of course, it’s going to be your people who are personally sending me back in a submarine.”noveldrama
Han Chengbei was the kind of man who had been building a partnership with the representatives of the six major families in recent days. As the saying goes, people die for money and birds die for food. With these mutual benefits on the table, why would anyone restrict his freedom?
He was originally an unimportant person, captured and brought here only because one of the elders thought Ye Xingguang might not stay if she had no friends. Coincidentally, a werewolf warrior mentioned that Han Chengbei was her lover, so the elder had brought him here as well.
“What about Tang Zhou?” she asked.
“They’re only letting me go by myself.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Well, getting one person out is still a victory.
After some thought, she said, “Then you help me bring a message to my parents, telling them that I’m doing well and that they shouldn’t worry. Also, tell my big tumor-at-home to work hard. I really miss him.”
Han Chengbei was in shock! He would definitely deliver her first message, but there was no way he, Han Chengbei, would relay the second one!
###Chapter 796: Chapter 796: Awesome, my brother! 7_1 Chapter 796: Chapter 796: Awesome, my brother! 7_1 Han Chengbei is no ordinary man, but a media mogul in country A. In terms of resources in media, even if we consider the entire country A, no one can compete with the Han Corporation.
On the third day of Han Chengbei’s return to the country, from popular internet portals to third-tier newspapers in country A, everyone was reporting about one thing – there was another country in the world, a country with a land area larger than all known nations combined, and that was the Atlantis Kingdom.
Immediately, the entire nation was shocked, the world was horrified!
Most netizens carried a skeptical attitude towards this news. Historians and sociologists who were interviewed by the media, adamantly denied the truthness of this news, but that didn’t really hinder Han Chengbei from opening his Undersea Empire Seven-day Tour.
Han Chengbei had already registered the Starlight Travel Agency. The first travel package launched by Starlight, was the Undersea Empire Seven-day Tour, with a registration fee of one million per person. The number of tourists was also limited, capping at a hundred.
This was certainly a premium package targeting the rich. Ordinary people could only back away upon hearing the price.
Nevertheless, netizens took great joy in discussing this news:
“Hahaha, whoever believes this is a fool. One million for a seven-day underwater tour. I’d like to see how many in our country can afford this. Surely, you’ll just be going underwater to see some coral. I don’t believe there’s a country that only exists in myth.”
“There are historians who’ve said, on previous records of human history, there indeed existed a powerful country named Atlantis Empire. However, that country has long disappeared into the annals of history. The Han Corporation probably wants to penetrate the tourism market and this is probably a marketing gimmick.”
“The promotion material from Han Corporation says the Atlantis people worship mermaids as their ocean goddess. Does our national treasure, Xia Yanyan, not become the goddess in the hearts of the Atlantis people?”
“And what about Xia Qiongqiong, where is she? Why hasn’t she appeared yet? We’re anticipating the appearance of our second national treasure~~”
At the Xia’s family.
Because the Xia’s family had previously offended country S and became a laughingstock, Xia Yanyan felt embarrassed and hadn’t ventured out for quite a few days. She only started feeling better when she saw everyone discussing the Atlantis Empire online and her name trending again.
She sat in the living room scrolling through comments, full of curiosity, “Mom, do you think there really is an Atlantis Empire in this world where they worship mermaids as their ocean goddess?”
Wang Zimei replied, “Could be Han Corporation wanting to make its way into the tourism market and trying to grab people’s attention. But if it’s true, my dear daughter, wouldn’t you become the ocean goddess of the Atlantis Empire?”
That’s exactly what Xia Yanyan thought, “Mom, why don’t we sign up? We’ve had bad luck recently. Perhaps we might turn our luck around if we take a trip. What do you think?”noveldrama
“One million per person, and we don’t even know if it’s true.” Wang Zimei shook her head after seeing the registration fee.
Xia Yanyan held Wang Zimei’s arm, “One million, it’s not like we can’t afford it. What if it’s real? Can you imagine the lofty status I’ll have in that underwater empire? Don’t you want to turn the tables with this opportunity? Recently, many high-end events were held, but you were not invited, right?”
Upon hearing this, Wang Zimei flared up.
Xia Yanyan found the registration number online, “Mom, it doesn’t matter even if it’s fake. This is a high-end tour, anyone who can afford the registration fee is of the upper class. Meeting new friends wouldn’t do any harm. I’ll sign us up, and we can go to the underwater world to clear our minds.”
###Chapter 797: Chapter 797: Awesome, my brother! 8_1 Chapter 797: Chapter 797: Awesome, my brother! 8_1 Wang Zimei was annoyed but didn’t stop her daughter. She figured they might be getting ripped off, but seeing the excitement on her daughter’s face, she didn’t have the heart to dampen her spirits. She let Xia Yanyan sign up, thinking it might be nice for the family to get out and clear their heads.
After sign-up, Xia Yanyan’s sour mood lifted as she threw herself into a frenzy of shopping for clothes and essentials for the trip. She was so excited she felt like buying everything from head to toe.
However, the undersea seven-day tour wouldn’t begin until a month later, still a long way off.
But Xia Yanyan was already looking forward to it. She even dreamed about being discovered by underwater dwellers who mistook her for a mermaid and started worshipping her like a goddess.
Awakening from this dream in the middle of the night, she wished she could fast forward to the tour. She yearned for a higher social status to highlight her elegance, this intense desire keeping her awake for the rest of the night.
Yet, life had to go on one day at a time. A month felt like an eternity.
Ye Xingguang was feeling restless too. It had been half a month, and there was no word from the big nuisance. She had no confidence that he would become the heir of the vampires, but even so, he was her only hope.
Every night before sleeping, she imagined the big nuisance standing out among many excellent men, overcoming all sorts of trials and challenges, and finally becoming the vampire heir for her sake.
Whenever she imagined any details imperfect, she would adjust the storyline until it felt perfect in her mind.
Then, like the center of attention, the big nuisance made his appearance, rudely pinning her to a corner of the palace, and making some indecent moves. The thought made her blush and she covered her face with both hands. But instead of falling asleep, she was now wide awake.noveldrama
She wasn’t even at the age of thirty, where lust supposedly runs rampant, so why was she having such thoughts… Oh, sleep! Fortunate that the big nuisance could never know about her unrestricted imagination.
The next day, Ye Xingguang had breakfast as usual before heading to the Queen’s office. As soon as she sat down, the six elders came in to report a great piece of news.
Upon hearing their words, she sat upright with shock: “What did you say? The heir of the vampires has been chosen and he’s coming to propose? Who is he? What’s his name?”
Third Elder Geshu Tang spoke leisurely: “We don’t know yet. But the old vampire king has informed me through a long-distance channel that his heir will be coming to propose to you in half a month. My dear, I know you have someone in your heart, but we still hope that you will consider the bigger picture. Once you agree to this marriage, you will become queen on your wedding day. We have already prepared everything for your coronation. We hope you can take responsibility as queen.”
Ye Xingguang was restless and irritated: “What responsibility? Do you think I am eager for this throne? I am telling you now, I have to meet him first and see if he is to my liking. If I do not like him, I’d rather die than marry!”
[Anying: Today’s update ends here, I will continue tomorrow. Kisses, anyone got any monthly votes? Please vote for me, need more votes~~]
###Chapter 798: Chapter 798: Luxury Undersea Tour for Seven Days 1_1 Chapter 798: Chapter 798: Luxury Undersea Tour for Seven Days 1_1 The six elders said nothing, but Ye Xingguang could clearly feel that the palace was gradually becoming more festive and lively. The entire underwater city was abuzz, preparing for the queen’s grand wedding and coronation. The underwater world, too, had television, and daily broadcasts provided relevant coverage.
There was also the underwater world’s most famous royal fashion design team, measuring her figure to create the queen’s coronation gown and various outfits for everyday royal duties. The fashion design team, a group of over a hundred, practically surrounded her daily. Countless fitting sessions were undergone.
Half a month of anxiety later, at last, the day had come when the vampire heir would arrive at the empire to request the queen’s hand in marriage.
On that day, the first batch of tourists organized by Han Chengbei also boarded the empire’s submarine, starting their seven-day underwater tour with a sense of curiosity.
The underwater seven-day tour cost a million per ticket. With only over fifty participants, aside from a few wealthy tycoons exploring underwater business opportunities, the remaining were mostly well-off, idle ladies and a popular internet celebrity. Mimi live-streaming company paid for the internet celebrity to embark this submarine, aiming to attract more traffic to their live-streaming site.
The moment the popular internet celebrity Zhou Shuangshuang boarded the submarine, a special column was set up for her on the live-streaming site, asking her to live-stream daily and report on the entire seven-day underwater tour.
Her live-stream channel had already attracted a hundred thousand online viewers before the submarine even set sail. However, most netizens laughed and scorned at those boarding the submarine as foolish rich people. Where could there be a 20,000 meters deep underwater kingdom in this world?
“Everyone, let’s pray for Zhou Shuangshuang. Currently, the submarines of various countries simply cannot support reaching a depth of twenty thousand meters. This indisputably is a suicide mission. I’m afraid the submarine will be useless once it reaches nine thousand meters deep. May Buddha bless.”
“Heard Xia Yanyan also boarded the submarine. Xia Yanyan is our national treasure. If she ends up buried at sea, wouldn’t our country be out of national treasures? Why isn’t the national treasure committee keeping her in check?”
“Doesn’t our country still have the mysterious Xia Qiongqiong? Even if Xia Yanyan dies, our country won’t lack a national treasure.”
The submarine came equipped with WIFI so all passengers could get online. Seeing these comments, Xia Yanyan was furious!noveldrama
However, regardless of the harsh comments online, the submarine took off as scheduled, with Han Chengbei as the tour guide.
Han Chengbei read the online news but didn’t react to the doubts cast. He knew that after the end of this tour, his Starlight Travel Company would create a worldwide sensation. He even invited two of his top journalists onboard the submarine to provide professional news coverage.
Seven hours after the submarine started sailing, corresponding to ten o’clock in the evening for people on land, suddenly Mimi’s live-streaming website hit the top trending list. The reason was Zhou Shuangshuang’s live stream, which stunned all the gossiping netizens of Country A.
The number of online viewers of Zhou Shuangshuang’s live stream skyrocketed from the initial hundred thousand to over a million, then to over ten million within just an hour.
At that moment, Zhou Shuangshuang simply pointed her phone camera out the window of the submarine, capturing a highly modern, technologically advanced underwater city. The scene looked like something out of a science fiction film!
###Chapter 799: Chapter 799: Luxury Undersea Tour for Seven Days 2_1 Chapter 799: Chapter 799: Luxury Undersea Tour for Seven Days 2_1 Through the live broadcast lens of Zhou Shuangshuang, netizens had a glimpse of an advanced underwater city located 20,000 meters deep in the sea. In an instant, the internet went wild.noveldrama
“Is this for real? That highly advanced underwater metropolis outside the window must be special effects, no doubt about it, anyone who believes this is an idiot!”
“Ahhhhh! Is it real? Is it real! From the angle of the phone lens, this underwater city seems so huge, it can compete with the capital of our Nation A. It feels like I am looking at the capital from an airplane, wow, yacht style!”
“Absolutely impossible! How can there be light underwater? How can it be so bright? They are tricking me into working hard to afford traveling. The loopholes of travel agencies are getting deeper! Ahhhh! Who can give me a million, I want to sign up for a seven-day underwater tour too!”
“…”
The most excited person wasn’t the netizens, but Zhou Shuangshuang. She came here with a skeptical attitude, and the underwater city blinded her.
Zhou Shuangshuang was holding a selfie stick, pulling her suitcase, talking to her live broadcast room while leaving the room: “Ah! You guys should believe what you’re seeing, ah, even I can’t believe it, I swear I came here with doubts, but now I’m getting crazy with excitement. Yes, the announcement was just made, the submarine is about to dock. Now, I am preparing to disembark and really enter this incredible underwater world!”
Xia Yanyan was holding Wang Zimei’s hand and also pulling her suitcase getting ready to disembark, she was discussing something with Wang Zimei as they walked.
Zhou Shuangshuang and Xia Yanyan were staying in adjacent rooms. They bumped into each other at the door. Xia Yanyan saw Zhou Shuangshuang was live-streaming and waved at the camera affably, which excited the netizens even more.
After all the tourists had gathered, Guide Han Chengbei distributed decompression medicine to everyone.
Zhou Shuangshuang was filming herself taking the decompression medicine: “Cuties, see this? This is decompression medicine. Guide Han said that without it, our body wouldn’t be able to withstand the underwater pressure. But he also said every building in this city has state-of-the-art decompression and drainage systems. I feel a bit dizzy right now, but it’s bearable. It’s probably a similar feeling to air travel…”
Zhou Shuangshuang was live-streaming the whole journey, sharing her feelings with the online audience: “We are about to disembark, I’m so excited.”
Zhou Shuangshuang: “Oh! The submarine has arrived at the dock!”
Zhou Shuangshuang: “Oh, the hatch has been opened, I can get off now!”
Zhou Shuangshuang: “Oh, did you see that? I have just gotten out of the submarine! It feels like coming out of an airplane. There is a glass walkway connecting us with the dock just like the jetway. It can move up and down. Can you guys see it? There are corals outside the glass passage and a variety of colorful marine creatures swimming around. Haha! I feel like I have arrived at an aquarium, this place is so marvelous and wonderful! There are many people taking pictures in front, Xia Yanyan is also taking pictures, see?”
As she spoke, Zhou Shuangshuang rushed toward Han Chengbei: “Mr. Han, where are we going next? Can you tell the audience in front of the camera?”
Han Chengbei casually flicked his hair in front of the camera: “Next, there will be tour staff responsible for your trip. We will first head to the hotel. Soon, you will all get to ride the coolest and deadliest mini-submarine, a mainstay in the underwater transportation.”
###Chapter 800: Chapter 800: Luxury Undersea Tour for Seven Days 3_1 Chapter 800: Chapter 800: Luxury Undersea Tour for Seven Days 3_1 Zhou Shuangshuang was full of anticipation as she listened, as were the tens of millions of netizens watching from behind the live broadcast screen.
There are also many tourist companies under the sea. This time, the tour guide arranged by the six great families is Zheng Qufeng, a guide from an underwater travel company.
Life under the sea isn’t that different from life on land. The only difference is that one is on land, and the other is under the sea.
Zheng Qufeng was responsible for ushering this group of tourists through customs, then leading them to a small underwater submarine to take them to their hotel.
The docks underwater are much like airports on land, with a large area and a massive flow of people. Even underwater residents would ride submarines from the docks to other underwater cities for various activities.
Whether they’re from land or sea, they’re all still humans and look quite similar. It’s impossible to tell at a glance who is from land and who is from the sea.
As Zhou Shuangshuang livestreamed, she followed the group and noticed a VIP passage up ahead roped off with caution tape. Everyone else had to step back and wait until a high-ranking team walked through before they could proceed.
The guide, Zheng Qufeng, gestured to the group to stop and wait for that team to leave before continuing.
However, this group of tourists comprised of the upper-class society of Country A. Used to VIP treatment wherever they went, standing here waiting as ordinary people for more than twenty minutes tested their patience.
Xia Yanyan complained after standing in her high heels for twenty minutes, “When can we finally move? We paid one million for this trip. Is this the treatment we get?”
The other wealthy women also expressed their discontent, eager to get to their hotel.
Even the tens of millions of netizens watching the live stream were bored. They had been waiting for twenty minutes to see the underwater transport, but they were still watching Zhou Shuangshuang queue. Could they proceed, please?noveldrama
The guide, Zheng Qufeng, placated the group with a smile, “Everyone, please be patient. Today, the upper echelons of our kingdom are hosting important guests, so the caution tape is up. Once the guests have been escorted away, we can proceed normally. Look around, even our local residents aren’t allowed through, we’re all on the same boat here.”
“What important guests? Our status isn’t ordinary either!” Wang Zimei retorted impatiently.
Zheng Qufeng explained, “I heard that today, our Queen’s fiance is here to meet her. The people who just walked by are the important officials of our kingdom. They are here to pick up the Queen’s fiancé. Once they have picked him up and escorted him out of the dock, we can proceed.”
Zhou Shuangshuang, holding her selfie stick, walked up to Zheng Qufeng, “Wow! You guys have a queen. Can you introduce me to her? I believe there are many netizens who are curious about your kingdom. Could you please indulge us?”
Zheng Qufeng smiled into the camera and spoke with respect and pride when it came to their queen, “Our queen is about to ascend the throne. She is the Sea Goddess in all of our hearts.”
“I heard your Sea Goddess is a mermaid. Could it be that your queen is actually a mermaid?”
Zheng Qufeng confirmed, “Of course, our queen is the most beautiful mermaid in the world. She’ll bring blessings to all her people. Right now, everyone in our kingdom is eagerly awaiting her wedding and coronation.”
###Chapter 801: Chapter 801: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 4 Chapter 801: Chapter 801: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 4 Because, after Her Majesty the Queen ascends to the throne, the vampire race will hand over the formula for treating vampirism to the queen. The nation has promised that once they have the formula, they will mass-produce the medication. At that time, many patients in the empire who require blood will be able to be cured.
Zhou Shuangshuang’s voice was brimming with excitement, “Wow! Your queen is actually a mermaid as well? Our national treasure is also a mermaid, that Miss… Xia, come over here, you’ve found your own kind.”
Xia Yanyan gracefully walked over, proudly shown off by Zhou Shuangshuang, “This is our A-country’s national treasure, the unique and most beautiful mermaid in A-country. Isn’t Miss Xia also considered a goddess of the sea in your nation? With such a noble status, could you possibly open up a VIP lane so we can go first?”
As the local guide, Zheng Qufeng looked at Xia Yanyan but said, “We have long heard of A-country’s national treasure, and we never imagined we’d meet her in person today. Miss Xia, actually, many people in our nation are also filled with curiosity and respect for you.”noveldrama
“Really?” Xia Yanyan was pleasantly surprised, her vanity greatly satisfied.
“Of course, we are not an isolated country. Many pieces of information from the land are also reported on our television stations. Whatever needs you may have today, feel free to tell me. It would be my honor to serve you.”
Standing nonchalantly to the side, Han Chengbei watched as Xia Yanyan displayed an air of superiority and couldn’t help but snort in disdain.
Seeing Xia Yanyan and Wang Zimei on the registration list, Han Chengbei initially wanted to refuse their application. But after a second thought, he found it amusing. What if Xia Yanyan knew that the queen of this underwater empire was his precious Xingguang? Would she die of envy?
Chewing on gum, Han Chengbei was eagerly anticipating that moment.
Just then, the cordoned-off VIP lane up ahead finally let through a large group of people.
The grand procession, stars surrounding the moon.
The underwater citizens screamed with excitement, crowding around the barriers so tightly that all those standing behind could see nothing more than a sea of heads. Han Chengbei couldn’t help but worry—was his precious Xingguang going crazy with anxiety now?
After settling into the hotel, he would make sure to visit the palace first thing and reunite with his precious Xingguang.
“All right, everyone, we can go now. Please follow me, keep the group together and don’t get lost,” the guide, Zheng Qufeng, announced after the barrier in front was removed.
The group boarded a sea serpent submarine at the dock’s exit—similar to a land-based bus that could hold many passengers.
The sea serpent submarine transported all the tourists to the designated underwater hotel, arriving at the hotel’s “parking lot” before directly checking into the hotel. No one got a drop of water on them as they moved into luxurious rooms with large glass windows.
Standing in front of the grand glass windows, looking up, one could see the most iconic landmark of the underwater empire—the Imperial Shrine.
Xia Yanyan stood at the floor-to-ceiling window, watching as many underwater residents moved freely through the water on the streets below, shuttling back and forth. She also saw the statue of a mermaid at the very top of the Imperial Shrine, and her heart began to stir.
“Mom, I want to go out.”
Wang Zimei: “Oh, how can we go out? We can’t move around freely underwater and breathe freely like the locals here. Just now, the guide warned us repeatedly not to leave the hotel carelessly, saying that they would not be responsible if we drowned.”
“Mom, others might not be able to, but why can’t I move around freely underwater? Think about it, if I appear outside, and those people see me as a mermaid, how will they worship me?”
###Chapter 802: Chapter 802: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 5 Chapter 802: Chapter 802: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 5 Wang Zimei thought, “My precious daughter, you are right, but it’s already so late now, let’s go tomorrow, Mommy is so sleepy.”
“But I’m not sleepy at all.” She desperately hoped that the people here could see her beautiful fishtail.
However, being unfamiliar with the place and being under the sea, Wang Zimei was uneasy, “Yanyan, let’s just wait until tomorrow, follow the local guide and have fun, are you afraid that you won’t get a chance for the people here to admire you? Have a good sleep tonight, be good, listen to Mommy.”
“Alright.”noveldrama
On the other side, the gates of the imperial palace were wide open, the vampire heir arrived at the palace in a shark-shaped submarine. Upon disembarking, he was immediately accommodated in a certain part of the palace, facilitating his cultivation of a relationship with Her Majesty the Queen.
Since it was already midnight, the imperial reception staff bid him farewell after escorting him to the residence.
The assistant of the vampire heir personally saw off the imperial reception staff, and did not forget to ask, “Please, when can our Family Head meet Her Majesty the Queen?”
The reception staff replied, “Tomorrow at noon, the guest can have lunch with Her Majesty.”
The assistant nodded, they exchanged a few more polite words, and then the reception staff left.
Ye Xingguang received the news that the vampire heir had settled into a residence in the palace. According to the arrangements of the Federal Temporary Government, she would meet the vampire heir tomorrow at noon.
However, she tossed and turned in bed, staying awake all night, and only fell asleep in the morning.
This sleep took her straight to noon. Her maids came in repeatedly asking her to get out of bed and get dressed, but Ye Xingguang, covered with her blanket, was too lazy to respond, resembling a sullen ostrich, with no desire to meet any vampire heirs.
Unless the vampire heir was that big tumor of her family!
But realistically, such a wonderful thing didn’t exist in the world, and her hopes for the big tumor becoming the vampire heir were actually very slim; she merely used this hope to console herself.
The more Ye Xingguang thought about it, the more annoyed she became, she just buried her head and slept deeply until a maid came in, trembling as she reported, “Your Majesty, the Elders are presently accompanying the vampire heir in the state banquet hall waiting for you to join them for lunch. The Third Elder just sent someone to report that if he cannot see you within half an hour, then for every additional hour that your friends you brought are not seen, one will be cut. You decide what to do.”
After finishing, the maid felt she had committed a tremendous act of rebellion, hardly daring to breathe.
Threatening the Queen, what a severe crime!
Poor her, just a messenger—if the Queen were to get angry, she’d be finished!
Thus, the maid’s face looked almost tearful.
“What did you say?” Ye Xingguang suddenly sat up from the bed.
The maid burst into tears, bowing respectfully, “Please forgive me, Your Majesty, these were the Third Elder’s words, not mine.”
Ye Xingguang immediately got up, went to find Xia Ye Zhao, Tang Zhou, and Xiao Yun, and sure enough, none of them were around. That damned Third Elder, how dare he threaten her using them!
Ye Xingguang was so furious that she went on to intentionally take a long time dressing up, spending half an hour just to put on clothes.
The six great Elders, including some military and political officials of the empire, sat with the vampire heir and his entourage at the dining table, waiting well over an hour without seeing Ye Xingguang appear.
Third Elder Geshu Tang, holding back his anger, stood up, “Sorry, Her Majesty has been feeling a bit unwell recently, I’ll go check on her…”
“It’s alright, even if she’s not unwell but just oversleeping, I can wait. Women, naturally love to sleep in,” the vampire heir said lazily, holding a cup of tea.
###Chapter 803: Chapter 803: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 6 Chapter 803: Chapter 803: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 6 Ye Xingguang happened to arrive at the entrance to the royal banquet hall and heard the voice of the vampire heir.noveldrama
She paused in her steps, why did the voice sound somewhat familiar?
Inside the royal banquet hall, the voice of the vampire heir had not stopped, “Besides, I also like to sleep in. We won’t need to adjust our routines; let her sleep a bit longer. How about we start the feast?”
“Mr. Li really knows how to take care of others. What Her Highness the Queen is missing is precisely a man like this. Well then, let us commence the feast… Ah, speak of the devil, and he shall appear. It seems Her Highness the Queen can’t wait to meet her fiancé.” Third Elder Geshu Tang had not finished his sentence when he saw Ye Xingguang walk in, immediately changing his tone of address.
Suddenly, everyone stood up from their chairs, welcoming the arrival of Her Highness the Queen.
Ye Xingguang’s eyes widened, staring at Li Yu as he stood up from his seat; she was completely flabbergasted. Don’t tell her that Brother Yu was the vampire heir.
Then she saw Brother Yu’s gaze fall upon her, seemingly flashing with surprise as well.
Third Elder Geshu Tang suppressed his anger, bowed his head to Ye Xingguang, “Your Highness the Queen, are you feeling better?”
“No, but I still have to come to lunch with you all, don’t I?” Ye Xingguang, equally repressing her ire, snapped back at Third Elder Geshu Tang, then walked at an unhurried pace to the seat of honor.
A servant had already pulled back the chair at the head of the table for her. Ye Xingguang sat down, her gaze never leaving Li Yu.
At the rectangular table, with over twenty people seated, Ye Xingguang’s position was at one end, with Li Yu sitting to the immediate right of her. The two were so close that Ye Xingguang could not deceive herself into mistaking the person.
That man, who had showed a slight surprise before regaining his composure, if not Li Yu, then who?
Geshu Tang gave a smile that was not entirely genuine, “Her Highness the Queen grows ever more humorous. Allow me to introduce to everyone, this is Her Highness the Queen-to-be of the Atlantis Empire, Muya Jiushu.”
After Li Yu’s entourage had all bowed and greeted Ye Xingguang, Third Elder continued, “Your Highness the Queen, this is the vampire clan’s old king’s chosen second heir, your betrothed, Mr. Li Yu. Mr. Li Yu has come specifically to ask for your hand in marriage and to discuss the details of the wedding.”
Ye Xingguang pressed her lips firmly together, sitting down without uttering a word. Li Yu’s tall figure filled her sight, so unreal. She didn’t immediately acknowledge Li Yu, only letting out a noncommittal “Oh,” indicating that her ears were not deaf, that she had heard.
Third Elder Geshu Tang did not expect much more response from Ye Xingguang, gesturing elegantly, “Please, everyone, take your seats.”
After that, the empire’s military and political officials, as well as Li Yu’s entourage, all took their seats.
Third Elder Geshu Tang announced the commencement of the feast, and the servants brought up a delicious seafood banquet. Then the meal began.
“Your Highness the Queen, try this, see if it suits your taste.” Li Yu peeled a portion of crab for Ye Xingguang, pushing it in front of her, his slanted eyebrows and eyes filled with doting smiles, as refreshing as a spring breeze.
“Thank you.” Had it been anyone else, Ye Xingguang would definitely have ignored them, but the other party was her own Brother Yu. Ye Xingguang suddenly felt that there might still be a chance for things to take a turn.
Brother Yu couldn’t really be forcing her to marry him, could he? He knew full well where her heart lay…
###Chapter 804: Chapter 804: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 7 Chapter 804: Chapter 804: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 7 Ye Xingguang now desperately wished for this midday meal to end quickly so she could sit alone with Brother Yu and speak her mind!
Thinking this, she ate exceptionally quickly, so much so that she let out an exaggerated burp before others had even finished their meals.
Such behavior was a disgrace to the empire’s image. Third Elder Geshu Tang gave her a dangerously warning glance, as if to say, if she damaged the dignified image of the queen further, her friend would not survive the night.
Ye Xingguang treated Third Elder Geshu Tang’s look as if it were thin air. This old guy, who was over a hundred years old yet still had the face of a handsome young man, was going to get it one of these days!
Ye Xingguang, resting her chin in her hand, gazed at Li Yu’s strikingly pale and handsome face, “Mr. Li, have you finished eating?”
Li Yu put down his utensils, a smile playing on his lips as he waited for what she would say next.
Ye Xingguang cast a quick glance at Li Yu, “If you’re done, how about we take a stroll and exchange our feelings?”
“My pleasure.”
Ye Xingguang immediately stood up, “Then what are we waiting for? Let them continue eating. I’ll accompany you for a walk.”
Li Yu wiped the corners of his mouth with a napkin, then slowly rose, looking around and nodding with a smile, “Everyone, please enjoy your meal.”
The Third Elder chuckled, “It seems Her Majesty the Queen finds us too glaring a presence. Your Majesty and Mr. Li, please feel free to go wherever you wish. I will ensure the rest of our company is well entertained. If you need anything, just let me know and I’ll have it arranged.”
“Much appreciated, Third Elder. Actually, I’d like to take a tour around. This is my first time visiting the underwater city, and I was wondering if Her Majesty would wish to accompany me outside the palace to explore?” Li Yu expressed genuine interest.noveldrama
“Actually, Her Majesty doesn’t usually leave the palace much either. I’ll immediately arrange a guide for you so that Mr. Li and Her Majesty can have a great time,” said the Third Elder as he stood up and went out to organize their royal carriage.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but roll her eyes, yet she warmly invited Li Yu out. In a shark-brand submarine, she wouldn’t allow anyone else to pilot for her. She took the helm while Li Yu sat beside her, but even so, there were still a dozen or more shark-brand submarines escorting them. Once they left the palace, the convoy was an impressive sight.
Inside the submarine, with no one else around, Ye Xingguang immediately let loose a huge yell, “Aaah! How could it be you? How could the second heir of the vampire clan be you? I never dreamed that you were a vampire heir. If I had known, I wouldn’t have been so anxious!”
With no outsiders present, Li Yu dropped his formal demeanor, stretching his legs out carelessly, using his hands as a pillow against the back of his chair, a look of disbelief that matched hers on his face, “Lil’ sis, when did you start playing queen? Muya Jiushu? Hmm, how come I never knew you had such a cumbersome name?”
“Never mind me for now, you explain first. How did you become the heir to the vampire clan? When did you turn into a vampire?”
“It’s a long story,” Li Yu said, crossing his legs in a manner that suggested he was reluctant to go into details.
Ye Xingguang was anxious, “What do you mean, ‘it’s a long story’? Just explain clearly!”
“A few years back, there was an accident. I barely survived, and that’s when a vampire first turned me. You mustn’t tell Dad about this. Lil’ sis, what do I do now? I came here to propose marriage, and the prospective bride turns out to be my own little sister. Is this a wedding to pursue or not?”
###Chapter 805: Chapter 805: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 8 Chapter 805: Chapter 805: Luxury Seven-Day Underwater Tour 8 Ye Xingguang wouldn’t answer; instead, she just raised her hand, “See this? This is the engagement ring that my beloved tumor gave me when he proposed, and my parents both really like the tumor. I was about to get engaged to my beloved tumor, but on the very day of our engagement, the Third Elder dragged me back to marry you, Brother Li Yu, what do I do now?”
Li Yu stared at the black diamond ring on her ring finger and blurted out, “That’s ugly, what were you thinking?”
“How is it ugly? In Country A’s high society, black diamonds are all the rage, even considered the color of emperors. Brother Li Yu, don’t change the subject, tell me, what do I do now? My parents are still waiting for me to go back and continue my engagement with my beloved tumor, and the country had already assigned me to my beloved tumor, but then they snatched me away to force me to marry you, how should I continue chasing my happiness? I’m your little sister after all!” Ye Xingguang’s voice was filled with frustration.
“So, should I not marry you then?” Li Yu said with an innocently harmless smile.
Ye Xingguang nodded her head fiercely.
“But if I don’t marry you, I can’t settle this matter,” Li Yu shook his long legs, sporting an utterly troubled expression.
Ye Xingguang’s face hurt, “Brother Li Yu, what do you mean by that, are you really planning to marry me?”
“Dream on, don’t fall for me, I don’t love you,” Li Yu’s eyes conveyed an amused disdain.
Although his words were irksome, Ye Xingguang breathed a huge sigh of relief—as long as Brother Li Yu disdained her, that was good!
She just knew Brother Li Yu would never want to marry her!
The dark clouds that had been looming over her head for days seemed to be dispersing, and Ye Xingguang hummed twice, in quite a good mood.
Li Yu sighed, “If I had known earlier that the queen of Atlantis was you, I would never have taken on the role of the second successor.”
Ye Xingguang grunted, “You have the nerve to say that, if you hadn’t become the second successor, the vampires wouldn’t have a successor, and I wouldn’t have had to be dragged here to get engaged to you. Now you’ve put me in a difficult position, Brother Li Yu, let me tell you, you must help me resolve this perfectly, otherwise I’ll go back and tell Uncle Li that you’ve mistreated me!”
Li Yu reached out and unapologetically knocked on her head, giving her a noggin, “Do you think I wanted to be the second successor? If it weren’t for Uncle Song also suffering from that blood-sucking condition…”
Ye Xingguang was stunned, “Brother Li Yu, what do you mean by that?”
“What do you think?” Li Yu gave her a look that signaled her to figure it out herself.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t believe it, “Don’t tell me you became the vampire’s second successor for the sake of my dad?”
Li Yu ignored her, his gaze shifting from her face to the world outside the shark-shaped submarine window, appreciating the view outside.
That pose was obviously one of tacit agreement.
After a long while, he said, “Uncle Song just had surgery, the recovery period for a kidney transplant is a year, and nothing must go wrong during this year. If he can’t be cured of the blood-sucking condition, it would be too dangerous for him. But the old vampire king refuses to give the cure formula, unless I marry this queen of the underwater kingdom. A matter that shouldn’t have been difficult has become quite troublesome because the person involved is you!”
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang was slightly stunned. Brother Li Yu became the vampire’s second successor just to treat her father’s illness?
Li Yu, looking visibly impatient, glanced back at her, his eyes still showing disdain, “You really know how to make things difficult for me!”noveldrama
[An Ying: Being cooped up at home has disrupted my schedule; I can barely get up during the day. This is the update for the 17th, not counting as the 18th’s, the next one will be for the 18th. I’ll continue writing.]
###Chapter 806: Chapter 806: Could He Be Inferior to You? Chapter 806: Chapter 806: Could He Be Inferior to You? “It’s clearly you who presented me with a tough problem, yet you’re blaming me for it. I don’t care; you solve it. You have no idea how much I miss my ‘big toxic lump’ at home.” Ye Xingguang ruffled her hair and then continued to pilot the submarine.
After a long thought, Li Yu threw out a suggestion, “How about a fake marriage?”
“What?” Ye Xingguang nearly hit her chin, and the submarine even wobbled a bit.
Li Yu wasn’t seated firmly and his head knocked against the submarine’s inner glass, causing a slight pain. He glanced at her, “Why are you so agitated?”
“Who’s agitated? It’s obviously shock! Fake marriage won’t work. My big toxic lump is a huge jealous jar. If he finds out I faked a marriage with you, he’d explode with rage. I can’t do such a thing.”
That so-called big toxic lump had to claim that they once had a failed relationship, and in that failed relationship, they eventually went their separate ways, she even ended up with Li Yu… and married him…noveldrama
Even though she felt it was a story concocted by a man with a small belly and narrow mind, it was enough to prove how deep the big toxic lump’s hostility towards Li Yu was. If she were to fake a marriage with Li Yu now, the provocation to the big toxic lump…
Ye Xingguang didn’t dare to think with her eyes closed – would the big toxic lump explode with anger, truly forgetting her in the sea of life?
Given past lessons, she had to keep an absolute distance from Li Yu to avoid any little crises in their relationship.
“Then you think of something yourself. I’m out of ideas,” Li Yu adopted an it’s-not-my-problem attitude.
Ye Xingguang was frustrated, “Can’t you just not be the heir? I heard there was a vampire heir before who firmly refused to do it, and also firmly refused to marry me. Can’t you learn from them?”
A flicker of an unnoticed cold sneer crossed Li Yu’s eyes, “And what about Uncle Song’s sickness? Just ignore it?”
“Of course not!” Ye Xingguang felt disheartened.
During this time, her father had also fallen ill several times, and she had been deceiving him, claiming she had a cure. So whenever her dad fell ill, she coaxed him into drinking blood, but deception wasn’t a long-term solution. If her dad knew she had no cure, he might become as stubborn as the big toxic lump and refuse to drink blood, and given her father’s health, he wouldn’t last long…
And there was her nephew Xiao Man, these people – she couldn’t possibly neglect them. Thinking of this made Ye Xingguang feel annoyed.
Li Yu spoke agreeably, “Then come up with your own plan. I’ll just cooperate. Let’s find a way to get the formula, OK?”
Ye Xingguang’s eyes lit up, “Really? Can you arrange a meeting for me with the old king of the vampires?”
“For what?”
“To convince the old king of the vampires to let my big toxic lump become his heir. Wouldn’t that kill two birds with one stone and perfectly resolve this matter?” Ye Xingguang smiled brilliantly, her eyes filled with anticipation as she looked at Li Yu, “What do you think of this idea?”
A flash of darkness crossed Li Yu’s eyes, “You think being the heir of the vampires is something anyone can do?”
Ye Xingguang retorted, “If you can do it, why can’t my big toxic lump? He’s no worse than you are. Plus, you don’t know – my big toxic lump, in a situation similar to yours, was once at death’s door and was initially embraced by a vampire, becoming one of you guys.”
That really struck home!
Li Yu found it extremely grating, chuckling twice, “Which of your eyes sees him as stronger than me?”
“So, he’s worse than you?” Facing her childhood friend, Ye Xingguang dished out insults without any pressure.
###Chapter 807: Chapter 807: Not Enough Dog Food Sprinkled Chapter 807: Chapter 807: Not Enough Dog Food Sprinkled Li Yu’s gaze sent a shiver down her spine, as if a flash of cold light had passed by; Ye Xingguang was startled for a moment, “What’s up, can’t I even joke now? Besides, how could a man I fancy be anything less than exceptional?”noveldrama
“It’s nothing.” Li Yu retracted the chill from the depths of his eyes, a hint of mockery emerging, “You’re always like this, you haven’t changed at all. Where do you plan to take me for fun?”
“In fact, I’m not familiar with this place, and I’m not in the mood for fun either. I just want to go home now, to eat the chopped chili fish head my mom makes. My parents must be worrying about me by now, but my phone was taken by the Third Elder, so I can’t contact them.”
As she spoke, Ye Xingguang’s voice grew low, filled with a gloomy sadness.
Li Yu didn’t want to continue the conversation, but upon hearing the longing and lowered spirits in her tone, he pulled out his phone from his pocket and handed it to her.
Ye Xingguang glanced at it and was too disheartened to accept, “There’s no signal anyway.”
“Satellite phone, go ahead.”
“Really?” Ye Xingguang immediately stopped the shark-shaped submarine, telling Li Yu, “I want to video chat with my parents on WeChat.”
After unlocking the phone and opening WeChat, Li Yu found Song Chuanqi’s contact and made the call, then passed the phone to her.
As soon as the video connected and her father appeared on screen, Ye Xingguang’s nose felt instantly sour, and as she spoke, her eyes welled up with tears, “Daddy.”
“Xingguang?” Song Chuanqi was surprised.
“Daddy.” Ye Xingguang sniffed, and then Bai Lanwu’s face appeared on the other end of the video, and her throat choked up immediately, “Mommy.”
Bai Lanwu’s tone was even more filled with longing, “My child, where are you?”
“I’m underwater.”
“Mom knows you’re underwater, Jun Qing has already told me. My child… my child… Has anyone been bullying you? Your father is trying to find a way to save you from the sea depths,” Bai Lanwu said, gazing at the video, looking at her daughter over and over again.
“It’s okay, Mom, don’t worry, no one has bullied me, but they still want me to ascend the throne as the Empress. Don’t worry about me, Dad and Mom, I’m with Big Brother Yu.” Ye Xingguang shook the camera to give Li Yu a brief appearance on screen.
“Li Yu is there too?” Song Chuanqi was taken aback.
Ye Xingguang wiped the corner of her eyes and said, “Dad, it’s a long story…”
After telling her parents the whole story, she said, “I was worried before, but not anymore. Big Brother Yu has become the heir to the vampire clan. They want me to marry him, but I believe Big Brother Yu will definitely help me. He doesn’t want to have feelings for me, and we have no interest in each other, right, Big Brother Yu?”
Li Yu remained silent.
Through the video, Song Chuanqi asked Li Yu, “Is it really like this, Li Yu?”
Li Yu pondered for a long time, then spoke faintly, “Uncle Song, I will take good care of Xingguang and bring her back from the sea depths as soon as possible.”
“Good, I’m waiting for your good news.”
After chatting with her parents for a while longer and hanging up the video call, Ye Xingguang returned the phone to Li Yu, who then said with a laugh, “Satisfied now, or do you plan to give Jun Qing a call, don’t you miss him?”
“Of course I miss him, but, well, forget it. Last time I lent you the bedroom, he almost exploded. Who knows what he’d think if he knew you were here to propose. Ah, having a man at home with a mind sharper than a needle’s point, what can I do? I’ve no choice, I have to accept all the quirks of the man I landed myself.”
###Chapter 808: Chapter 808: Brother, What Can’t I Agree to for You? Chapter 808: Chapter 808: Brother, What Can’t I Agree to for You? Ye Xingguang spoke with a gloomy tone, her voice filled with longing. She hadn’t seen the great tumor for a month, how could she not miss him? She even wanted to take a regret pill and return to the day of the engagement, to start it all over.
However, she thought about how this would only be a temporary solution, not a cure. No matter how many times they started over, the problems of the underwater world still had to be solved, so she took no action.
“Brother Yu, let me tell you, actually, the people of the underwater civilization don’t care whom I marry. What they really care about is the vampire formula. As long as someone can bring the formula as a dowry to the empire, they would be willing to let me marry anyone. If someone came with the formula, demanding that I become a nun and remain unmarried for life, the folks down here would probably really want me to remain a Goddess forever. They don’t care about my happiness at all. They think that as long as I’m a queen, I should devote myself completely to this country until my dying breath—it chills my heart just thinking about it.”
Li Yu lazily adjusted his seat and spoke cryptically, “Humans are inherently selfish, don’t expect too much from human nature.”
“You’re right.”
Ye Xingguang continued to pilot the shark-shaped submarine, weaving through the underwater city. After a long silence, she realized that she had shifted away from an important topic. Remembering it, she said, “Brother Yu, is it really possible, for you not to be the successor and find a way to get the great tumor to do it?”
“Sure.” Li Yu answered very straightforwardly, without even a moment of hesitation.
“Really?”
Li Yu closed his eyes, and with a lazy voice, replied, “As long as it makes you happy, what can’t brother agree to?”noveldrama
“That’s great, but, will that old vampire approve? What if he looks down on my great tumor?”
“Weren’t you saying that Jun Qing is not inferior to me?” Li Yu lifted his eyes lazily, giving her a disdainful look, and with an obvious sneer in his voice said, “Since I don’t want to marry you, let’s have Jun Qing take this disaster back home. I’ll go negotiate and get you out of here as soon as possible. Then you and your beloved can live together in bliss. Wouldn’t that be touching?”
More than touching, Ye Xingguang vowed, “Brother Yu, if you ever meet a girl you like, even if I have to be knocked out, I’ll deliver her to you. If you can’t win her over, I’ll help you.”
“Mind your own business, with someone like Jun Qing, only a blind person like you would fancy him.” Li Yu’s expression was indifferent, he yawned after speaking, pointing to a majestic-looking building ahead, “What’s that?”
“I don’t know either. Let’s go in and take a look.”
Ye Xingguang parked the small shark-shaped submarine at the entrance of the building, glanced at the sign at the entrance, and then, following the sign, drove the small submarine into the building’s underground “parking lot”. Passing through a waterproof door, Ye Xingguang pressed a button, and wheels appeared beneath the submarine. The vehicle that was driving in the water transformed into one suitable for land, which was incredibly convenient.
Finding a spot, she parked the submarine, and Li Yu climbed out of the vessel, standing beside it as he raised an eyebrow: “This is some black technology, good for driving as a submarine in the water and as a car on land. I should get one later.”
“I don’t have a penny to my name. If you like it, ask the third elder for it. You are now a distinguished guest in the eyes of the third elder. Whatever you want, he will surely offer it to you without a second thought.”
“The most impoverished queen in history?” Li Yu couldn’t help but give her a sympathetic look.
Ye Xingguang nodded vigorously, exactly, the most impoverished queen in history!
###Chapter 809: Chapter 809: I Want It So Bad! Chapter 809: Chapter 809: I Want It So Bad! “Who’s going to pay for what I want to buy later?”
At this point, the other escorting submarines had also come to a halt, and a group of attendants walked over. Hearing Li Yu’s question, the highest-ranking officer among the attendants spoke up, “Mr. Li, my surname is Han. You can call me Deputy Han. I will arrange everything for Your Highness the Queen and your trip, Sir. Whatever you fancy, just go ahead and buy it—I’ll pick up the tab.”
“Oh, really? What is this building for?”
“This is Sea Rhythm Tower. Sea Rhythm Tower is the bustling one-stop business center for dining, entertainment, and leisure in the capital. Your Highness the Queen, Mr. Li, this way, please.” Deputy Han gestured invitingly and led the way, with more than twenty guards escorting them.
Someone else is paying? Ye Xingguang’s mind immediately sprang to life, pulling Li Yu’s arm and murmuring softly, “I want to buy a communication ring.”
“What’s that?”
Ye Xingguang pointed to the ring on Deputy Han’s finger, “That thing, it’s the upgraded version of a cellphone!”
I really want one!
Li Yu glanced at it twice: “It seems pretty interesting, where can we buy it?”
“Electronics are on the fifteenth floor.” Deputy Han immediately pressed the button for the fifteenth floor.
Standing in the semi-circular elevator, which was transparent, one could see the colorful world outside. Ye Xingguang stood in front of the elevator, casually looking out the window at the underwater world, and caught a glimpse of a mermaid swimming past the transparent glass in front of the elevator… was it an illusion?
In this world, aside from Xia Yanyan, she was the only mermaid.
How could she possibly see a mermaid swimming freely in the sea?
Moreover, the Empire absolutely prohibited anyone from buying mermaid costumes to pretend to be mermaids swimming around in the sea because mermaids were sacred sea gods in the hearts of the citizens of the Empire, not to be violated or disrespected by anyone.
Xia Yanyan could hardly contain her own vanity, eager for the people here to know her identity.noveldrama
Sure enough, she turned heads one hundred percent of the time.
Xia Yanyan especially relished the attention she received from all directions, roaming about and freely displaying her unique charm.
Geshu Yuan was in an exceptionally bad mood today because the heir to the vampire clan was coming to propose marriage to that damn Muya Jiushu. Once the two married, Muya Jiushu would ascend the throne as the Emperor. If it weren’t for Muya Jiushu’s existence, the current Empress would have been the already deceased Third Princess. Damn Muya Jiushu, damn mermaid!
Geshu Yuan was seething with resentment, dragging some close friends out shopping to clear her mind, when out of nowhere, she lifted her head to see a beautiful mermaid swimming past her, with many onlookers staring at the mermaid.
A spark of anger flared in Geshu Yuan’s beautiful eyes: “Who is that coquettish harlot flaunting herself in a mermaid costume? Doesn’t she know the Empire forbids girls from wearing mermaid attire? It’s a grave disrespect to the sea god!”
The close friends accompanying Geshu Yuan also felt dissatisfied when they saw Xia Yanyan becoming the most eye-catching spectacle on the street.
After all, everyone else only dared to wear such attire in the privacy of their homes; until now, nobody had the nerve to strut around outside in it!
Before heading out, they had dressed with great care, choosing from a dozen outfits to find the one that satisfied them most, hoping to be the brightest star on the streets. But someone had cheated; just by wearing a mermaid costume, they outshone everyone else. Which girl would be content with that?
Instantly, they all followed Geshu Yuan, swimming towards Xia Yanyan: “Hey, woman in front, stop right there!”
###Chapter 810: Chapter 810: Xia Yanyan is Severely Beaten Chapter 810: Chapter 810: Xia Yanyan is Severely Beaten “Are you calling me?” Xia Yanyan said with a vibrant smile, but as soon as her words ended, a “slap” sounded, and a slap flashed across her face. Geshu Yuan’s palm struck without mercy, pouring all her resentment towards Muya Jiushu into it.
Xia Yanyan was caught off guard, seeing stars, dizzy with pain, and had no time to react before another “slap” sounded. To Geshu Yuan, one slap was far from enough.
Geshu Yuan’s hand was swift and ruthless, delivering three consecutive slaps to Xia Yanyan, causing her face to immediately swell. Only then did Geshu Yuan look disdainfully at Xia Yanyan, “Bitch, who allowed you to blaspheme the Sea God!”
Xia Yanyan was dumbfounded. No one in this world had ever dared to hit her like this. Her face burned with pain, she looked as miserable as could be, and what was most important, many onlookers were watching.
Her chest heaved with anger as she raised her hand to slap back, but Geshu Yuan’s sisters quickly circled around, capturing her hands and restraining them behind her back, denying her any chance to retaliate.
Outnumbered, Xia Yanyan struggled in vain and roared with rage, “Let me go, do you know who I am, how dare you be so rude to me!”
“I don’t care who you are, daring to walk around boasting in mermaid pants, don’t blame me for teaching you a lesson! Call the police, take her to jail, wearing mermaid pants in public is a great sin of desecrating the Sea God, enough for two years in prison!”
What, Xia Yanyan’s face turned strict, “Insolence, I am Xia Yanyan, a national treasure of Country A, a real mermaid! How dare you disrespect me, that is disrespecting the Sea God, release me now, the real unforgivable crime is your blasphemy of the Sea God!”
“What national treasure of Country A, spouting nonsense. Blaspheming the Sea God and still trying to talk your way out of guilt, you’re simply unrepentant. Lanya, give her another slap, keep slapping until she behaves!”noveldrama
Geshu Yuan was no pushover, as the young lady of one of the six major families, the Geshu family, she had always walked this world unopposed, fierce and impulsive, never worrying about the consequences, and few dared to provoke her.
Many ordinary people, even if wronged by her, could only admit defeat, because they couldn’t afford to offend her.
Xia Yanyan’s face turned from pale to flushed – in Country A, not to mention anyone daring to slap her, even a slight annoyance could result in a call to the National Treasure Committee, causing trouble for the offender. She never expected to be overwhelmed here, unable to even cope with a few women by the roadside!
“I am a genuine mermaid!” Xia Yanyan could only continue to loudly declare her identity, sharply admonishing, “If you dare to touch a single hair on me again, I guarantee you’ll regret it!”
“Slap!” The girl named Lanya, without any courtesy, raised her hand and slapped Xia Yanyan’s face, already held by several other sisters, slapping continuously until Xia Yanyan’s face swelled up like a baozi, then finally stopped.
“You…” Xia Yanyan was dizzy with pain, but her strength was no match for the girls who bound and immobilized her, “I won’t let you get away with this!”
“In this place, you’re the first to dare say you won’t let me get away with this,” Geshu Yuan said with a contemptuous glance at Xia Yanyan, “Strip off her mermaid pants!”
###Chapter 811: Chapter 811: The Unreasonable Geshu Yuan Chapter 811: Chapter 811: The Unreasonable Geshu Yuan Xia Yanyan had been struggling desperately, but when she heard Geshu Yuan’s words, she stopped struggling and let others try to strip her. She wanted to see who could actually find a pair of pants on her body. When they discovered she was a real mermaid, she wanted to see how these sea women would kneel and apologize to her!
The humiliation she suffered today, she would certainly return it twofold in time!noveldrama
Lanya personally tried to strip her, but after a long time, what was going on? Could it be real fish scales, a real tail?
Xia Yanyan, her eyes red and swollen, glared at Lanya. She wanted to see how these sea dwellers would conclude this scene!
“Lanya, what are you doing? Hurry up and strip her. Just looking at her fish tail annoys me. Strip it off her now!” Geshu Yuan urged impatiently. The sight of the fish tail always reminded her of the murderer Muya Jiushu, the kind Third Princess, and Geshu Chen who often cradled her in his arms. She missed her family.
Frowning, Lanya swam to Geshu Yuan’s side, whispering into her ear, “Yuan Yuan, her tail is real.”
“How could that be?” Geshu Yuan didn’t believe it.
“Yuan Yuan, could she really be a mermaid? I’ve heard that in the land of Country A, mermaids are considered national treasures. Indeed, there is a mermaid named Xia Yanyan in Country A. This is bad; we’ve assaulted the deity of the sea.”
Geshu Yuan still didn’t believe it. She reached out her hand to touch Xia Yanyan’s fish tail and the scales changed her expression. Looking back at Xia Yanyan, could this woman really be a mermaid?
“How dare you! Release me this instant!” Xia Yanyan’s presence surged in an instant. These barbaric sea women, were they afraid now?
Geshu Yuan was only stunned for a second. Noticing the crowd that had gathered, she immediately regained her composure and with a “slap” had struck Xia Yanyan across the face. Then she said loudly to Lanya, “Take this woman who’s dressed as a mermaid, blaspheming the deity of the sea, to the submarine. I will personally take her to the police station.”
Then, Geshu Yuan gave Lanya a reassuring look.
Understanding the cue, Lanya immediately called for the dolphin-shaped submarine to come over, intending to shove Xia Yanyan inside.
Xia Yanyan was astonished. Despite knowing her noble identity, these women dared to treat her so! Enraged, Xia Yanyan exclaimed, “You! Ugh… Mmph…”
Quick as a flash, Geshu Yuan stuffed a scarf into Xia Yanyan’s mouth. She glanced around and snorted, “Let this be clear to all of you. This woman has blasphemed the deity of the sea, strutting around town dressed in mermaid attire. This is an utter disrespect to the deity of the sea! I’m taking her to the police station now. If anyone dares follow in her footsteps, this will be their fate.”
Among the onlookers, some had recognized Geshu Yuan’s identity—a daughter of a top-ranking noble family. No one dared step forward to question her; they scattered quickly, fearing they might be caught in the crossfire.
Seeing that the crowd had dispersed, Geshu Yuan breathed a sigh of relief and immediately shoved Xia Yanyan into the submarine.
“My god, Yuan Yuan, she really is a mermaid. Her fish tail turned into legs, see?” Inside the small submarine, Lanya pointed at Xia Yanyan’s slender and fair legs, feeling that they had stirred up big trouble.
“What’s there to fear, you coward?” snapped Geshu Yuan. “So what if she’s a mermaid? I’m not afraid of Muya Jiushu, much less some unknown mermaid who showed up out of nowhere! The thing I, Geshu Yuan, hate most is mermaids. She fell into my hands today because she was unlucky!”
###Chapter 812: Chapter 812: This is what I bought for my Imperial Noble Consort! Chapter 812: Chapter 812: This is what I bought for my Imperial Noble Consort! Geshu Yuan found that Xia Yanyan was glaring at her, lifted her hand, and slapped Xia Yanyan again, “You dare glare at me, glare at me again, and I will chop you into mince. Don’t think you’re so incredible just because you’re a mermaid. I hate mermaids the most! As a mermaid, not knowing to take a detour when you see me is your fault!”
If it weren’t for that mermaid Muya Jiushu, her dearest cousin wouldn’t have died at all, and Geshu Chen, who often carried her on his shoulder, wouldn’t have died either. The people who treated her best were gone, leaving only that bad guy Geshu Tang, who didn’t cherish her at all!
She couldn’t do anything to Muya Jiushu, but was she unable to handle this mermaid?
Geshu Yuan rolled up her sleeves and raised her hand, “Try glaring at me one more time, and I will definitely carve an ‘ugly’ mark on your face with a knife!”
Hearing this, Xia Yanyan immediately closed her eyes. Even if she was burning with anger, even if she felt humiliated and wronged, facing this wild girl from the depths of the sea, she could only close her eyes. The wise adapt, she came to this strange place all alone, without anyone to cherish her. If she didn’t bear the burden of humiliation now, she would probably end up disfigured.
Mom…
Xia Yanyan desperately called out in her heart, I want to go home.
…
On the fifteenth floor of Haiyun Tower, Ye Xingguang lay on the counter looking at communication rings.noveldrama
There were too many brands and too many varieties. Although the functions of each brand’s products were largely similar, there was always some leading high-tech feature that made choosing difficult.
The enthusiastic manager recommended to Ye Xingguang, “Your Highness the Queen, choose this one. This is a couple’s model that can be engraved on the back of the communication ring. It’s also the latest model we’ve launched. We can engrave it for you on the spot. You and the nation’s fiance each take one, no charge. We’ll give it to you and the nation’s fiance for free, wishing you and the nation’s fiance an early marriage and your early ascension to the throne.”
The nation’s fiance, what the heck?
Could the citizens of the empire stop casually giving such nicknames to Brother Yu?
The nation’s fiance was clearly the big scourge of her household!
Ye Xingguang tried on the communication ring recommended by the manager on her middle finger and blinked in frustration, “Are you sure you’re not trying to get me to advertise this newly launched communication ring for free?”
The young female manager smiled shyly, realizing that the Queen was indeed not easy to fool. Yes, free advertising it was. If the Queen was using this communication ring, then this model would definitely sell like crazy!
“Your Highness the Queen, will you take it?”
“Yes, engrave J[heart]X on both. However, since it’s for free promotion, I want a few more please. Is it okay? If not, I’ll look somewhere else.”
Hehe, Jun[heart]Xing, when she gets back she’ll treat her big scourge to one, to comfort the hurt heart of her household’s big scourge.
Without hesitation, the manager nodded, “It’s fine, Your Highness the Queen, feel free to choose whatever you want.”
“Then I won’t be polite.”
Ye Xingguang lay on the counter and continued looking at others, picking several more, planning to give one to Big Brother, Xiao Yun, Tang Zhou, and her newly recognized brother Leng Chenmo. She couldn’t advertise for the brand for free. This advertising fee had to be completely justified.
Vice Captain Han stood by, “Your Highness the Queen, what does J[heart]X mean? Shouldn’t it be Y[heart]X?”
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang immediately yelled at Vice Captain Han, “This is for my Imperial Noble Consort! Do you think my harem has only one man? Brother Yu doesn’t mind, why are you blabbering? Brother Yu, do you mind if my harem has ‘three palaces and six courtyards’ in the future?”
###Chapter 813: Chapter 813: Whoever Touches My Clothes, I’ll Chop Off Their Hands and Feet! Chapter 813: Chapter 813: Whoever Touches My Clothes, I’ll Chop Off Their Hands and Feet! Li Yu stood by, struggling to suppress the black lines on his forehead, “As long as you like it.”
“Did you hear that?” Ye Xingguang roared at Vice Officer Han.
Vice Officer Han couldn’t help but glance at Li Yu, thinking that indeed someone who aspired to be the Male Empress really carried an extraordinary air about him.
However, the manager was particularly astute, fearing that the future Male Empress Li Yu would hold a grudge against her, so she crafted two pairs of communication rings for Ye Xingguang and Li Yu, one pair engraved with J[Heart]X, and the other with Y[Heart]X.
Ye Xingguang, holding the J[Heart]X communication ring, and seeing Li Yu accepting the Y[Heart]X one, felt somewhat uncomfortable inside.
But considering that in the eyes of others, Li Yu was her legitimate fiancé, she couldn’t say much. It was only after leaving that Ye Xingguang found a suitable opportunity to whisper to Li Yu, “Big Brother Yu, let’s throw these two communication rings away later, I’ll make it up to you with a new one.”
“Huh?”
“This Y[Heart]X is so inappropriate, what if your future girlfriend sees it and thinks too much? Let’s just throw it away?”
In truth, Ye Xingguang was afraid that Jun Qing would overthink things once he saw it; she had been bitten by the snake once and feared the well rope for ten years, and didn’t want anything that might lead to misunderstandings with Jun Qing, especially after a certain big troublemaker concocted a story of her previous life as a heartless woman.
Upon hearing this, Li Yu looked down at her with an unfathomable gaze, “Do you think the woman I’ve trained will be as petty as the man you’ve trained? Over a mere communication ring? She won’t overthink it.”
Ye Xingguang could only tell the truth, “But I’m afraid my big troublemaker will overthink it. This pair of communication rings, they look like wedding rings and the two rings can even form a heart shape. How about I find someone to erase the engraved letters latter?”
“My little sister, has Jun Qing trained you into a bound-foot woman?” Li Yu raised his hand and flicked her on the head.
“Nonsense, this is clearly me considering the feelings of my significant other. You’ve never been in love and don’t have someone you like; you wouldn’t understand. When you like someone, you care about their feelings. This is genuine love from the bottom of my heart.”
“Shut up already, you’re spreading dog food with every word. Haven’t you heard the saying, ‘Flaunting love brings a swift downfall’?” Even Li Yu’s patience wore thin after listening to her incessantly talking about her feelings for Jun Qing the entire way.
This girl was clearly here to provoke him.noveldrama
Yet, Ye Xingguang felt that there was nothing wrong with flaunting her relationship with her childhood buddy and clung to Li Yu, refusing to let go, “Just throw away the communication ring, okay? I’ll give you three, no, four in exchange.”
“What do I need so many for?” Li Yu stuffed the communication ring into his pocket and said, “Don’t bother me; it has its uses for now.”
“What uses?”
Li Yu looked down and threw an impatient voice at her, “To deal with the elders.”
After saying that, he added, “Once I’m finished with it, I’ll throw it away. Who cares about your engraved rings.”
Ye Xingguang, resigned, “Then make sure you throw it away after you use it. If my big troublemaker finds out, he’s definitely going to act rashly and punch you. Then, who should I help, you or him?”
“What do you think?” Li Yu gave her a look that was like a death sentence.
Ye Xingguang immediately said, “Of course, I would help you. Men are like clothes, but Big Brother Yu is family.”
Li Yu’s expression softened; that sounded better to his ears.
In her heart, Ye Xingguang added, “Anyone who touches my ‘clothes,’ I’ll chop off their ‘limbs’!”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. More tomorrow, mwah! Do you have any monthly tickets left? I’m asking for your monthly tickets~~]
###Chapter 814: Chapter 814: She Must Return to Land with Me Chapter 814: Chapter 814: She Must Return to Land with Me At this time, Vice Officer Han approached with a suggestion, “Your Highness the Queen, on the twentieth floor there is a movie theater. Would you and Mr. Li like to watch a movie? I’ve looked into dates on land, and the most popular place is the movie theater. Our nation’s movie theaters are even more advanced and upscale, offering an absolutely immersive experience. Would the two of you like to try it out?”
“Who told you that the most popular dating spot on land is the movie theater?” Ye Xingguang’s voice was full of impatience. She didn’t recall the film industry in the Atlantis Empire being as developed as that on land.
“Isn’t it? We all love watching movies from various countries on land. For this purpose, people go to the land specifically to buy films every quarter, and we’ve built the biggest, most luxurious movie theater for everyone to enjoy. The latest movies released on land—we have them all here. Don’t Your Highness the Queen and Mr. Li really want to experience it?”
Li Yu, however, was quite interested and said, “Lead the way.”
Vice Officer Han immediately said, “Mr. Li, this way, please.”
Ye Xingguang was gloomy, having no choice but to follow along. The problem was she hadn’t planned on dating Li Yu at all; she just came out with Li Yu to get some air. But in the end, they were being arranged to watch a movie together. What was this mess!
Li Yu sat beside her, noticing her restlessness: “What’s the matter? We used to watch movies together all the time when we were kids. Are you now afraid that Lord Ye Qing will overthink things?”
“Not at all. I just feel that watching a movie is something couples do. Maybe we should just continue shopping?”
Li Yu rolled his eyes at her: “What is it about Lord Ye Qing that has you so enamored and cautious?”
“I’ve already said, the person you draw as your partner, no matter how many flaws they have, you have to accept them whole. Besides, do you need a reason to like someone? Isn’t it all about the feelings?”
Li Yu had no intention of entertaining her as Ye Xingguang continued to prattle: “Isn’t there a saying, ‘Some people could be watched for a lifetime and you’d never fall in love, while some you just need one glance to remember for life’? My family’s big tumor and I fall under the latter.”noveldrama
Hmm, she always remembered “Qin Junye”—wasn’t that kind of like seeing someone once and never forgetting them?
Rounding up, Ye Xingguang felt that it was reasonable to think so!
So, she couldn’t understand how she could possibly be the “slut” referenced by that big tumor!
…
At this very moment, inside the imperial palace of the empire, the temporary federal government and Li Yu’s entourage had already settled all matters related to the engagement of Ye Xingguang and Li Yu, setting the wedding date for New Year’s Day.
Almost as soon as it was decided, an official announcement from the empire’s temporary federal government was widely disseminated.
While Ye Xingguang was still in the movie theater, the citizens of the empire learned the news from the broadcast that New Year’s Day would be the day of the Queen’s coronation and also her wedding day. All the lords of the vassal states would have to arrive at the imperial city on that day to attend the Queen’s coronation ceremony.
In the movie theater, Li Yu received a WeChat message from his assistant.
Assistant: “Prince Yu, the wedding details have been finalized. The Atlantis Empire’s temporary federal government declares that, according to the empire’s long-standing tradition, the day of the Empress’s coronation will be the very time for her great wedding, set for January first. There is just over a month’s time from now.”
Li Yu glanced at the WeChat message and casually sent a text back: “Tell the temporary federal government that before the big wedding, I need to take her home to meet my parents, as this is our long-standing tradition. So after this trip ends, she will have to come back to land with me.”
###Chapter 815: Chapter 815: She Doesn’t Even Like This Wedding Chapter 815: Chapter 815: She Doesn’t Even Like This Wedding Ten minutes later, the assistant sent another WeChat message, “Your Highness Prince Li Yu, the federal interim government agreed, giving you and Her Majesty the Queen half a month’s time to visit your parents on land. However, they will send personnel to accompany you to ensure the Queen’s safety. Is that acceptable to you?”
Li Yu tapped out two characters on the virtual keyboard, “Okay.”
Afterward, Li Yu handed his phone to Ye Xingguang to see, “In a few days, I’ll take you back to the land. How will you thank me?”
Ye Xingguang took the phone and after reading the WeChat conversation between Li Yu and his assistant, she desperately wanted to pounce on him and give him a big hug. But her joy lasted no longer than two seconds before her brows furrowed once again, “January first, our grand wedding?!!!!”
Li Yu shook his legs lazily, “There’s more than a month left, what’s the rush? During this time, I will refuse the title of heir and try my best to help Ye Junqing get the title, and then he will be the one coming to marry you, right?”
Ye Xingguang, still worried, asked, “But what if my family’s huge tumor doesn’t get the title of heir by then? What if we end up in a situation where it’s hard to back out and I really have to marry you?”
Li Yu stretched out his hand and gave her head a hard rub, “Then, if the man you fancy isn’t capable of becoming the heir, I will take the formula to the altar to marry you, hand the formula over to the federal interim government, and then run away from the wedding. Feel reassured now?”
“Brother Yu, that’s really loyal of you!”
After thinking it over excitedly, Ye Xingguang nodded, “Right, great idea, let’s do that!”
Having said that, Ye Xingguang gave Li Yu a deep look, “Brother Yu, you’re serious about what you said, right? You’re not deceiving me, are you?”
Li Yu looked down at her, his expression unfathomable, “Really.”
This wedding, he, Li Yu, wasn’t even interested!
Having said that, Li Yu turned his gaze back to the movie on the big screen, but a meaningful smile flashed across his eyes.
…
Elsewhere, Geshu Yuan wasn’t actually up to anything violent like murder and arson.
She was a domineering and willful character. Inside the dolphin-shaped submarine, she gave Xia Yanyan a thorough beating and vented all the anger she couldn’t release on Muya Jiushu onto Xia Yanyan. After harshly warning her, Geshu Yuan kicked Xia Yanyan off the submarine without fear or hesitation and went shopping with her girlfriends, all refreshed and cheerful.
Xia Yanyan staggered back to the hotel where she was staying. As soon as she entered her room, she fainted to the floor.
Wang Zimei, who had been touring with the group all day, came back to the room and saw her daughter unconscious on the ground. Panicking, she screamed and immediately looked for the tour guide and Han Chengbei, demanding an explanation from them.
The tour guide, Zheng Qufeng, called for a doctor for Xia Yanyan and kept apologizing, but seeing her daughter in such a state, Wang Zimei couldn’t let it go. She insisted on calling the police to find the real culprit and bring them to justice to avenge her daughter!noveldrama
Once Xia Yanyan regained consciousness and provided a description, they went out to the streets to look for leads. The tour guide Zheng Qufeng learned that the person who beat up Xia Yanyan was none other than the little ancestor of the Geshu family, Geshu Yuan. How could Zheng Qufeng dare to provoke such a person? How could he possibly bring the real culprit to justice?
Aiming for the soft ones while avoiding the tough, Zheng Qufeng, who didn’t dare to offend Geshu Yuan, decisively turned his face away, saying, “I had warned all travelers beforehand to not leave the group. We are not responsible for any accidents that happen after leaving the group! Miss Xia, why did you leave without notifying anyone?”
###Chapter 816: Chapter 816: She Can’t Help But Praise Geshu Yuan Chapter 816: Chapter 816: She Can’t Help But Praise Geshu Yuan Wang Zimei was furious, “What on earth are you saying? Just because my daughter was attacked, does it make it her fault? What kind of barbaric country is this! My daughter is a mermaid! Isn’t your country supposed to treat mermaids as sea goddesses? My daughter is a sea goddess, yet here she was attacked like this, and you tell me it’s not your responsibility!”
What should I do, go to the Geshu family to settle the score?
Guide Zheng Qufeng thought to himself, Unless I was insane!
Zheng Qufeng hardened his face, “Madam, please watch your words. The Sea Goddess of the Empire is our revered Queen. No one else qualifies to claim the title of Sea Goddess! We will cover the medical expenses, but beyond that, we cannot take responsibility.”
Having said that, Zheng Qufeng decisively fled, wanting no part in this troublesome matter.
Wang Zimei was livid. She had spent a million on this seven-day underwater tour, and this was the treatment she got?
If Zheng Qufeng wasn’t handling it, Wang Zimei would naturally seek Han Chengbei for justice.
Han Chengbei, with a forced smile, and seeing Xia Yanyan’s horribly bruised face, couldn’t really say anything. Luckily, the doctors said it was just superficial wounds, but even so, recovery would probably take a month.
Wang Zimei sat by the bed, seeing her daughter’s face swollen like a bun, her eyes red with pain, “No, this won’t do! It’s not over! This is too much! You are a national treasure, a national treasure!”
“Mom, stop, I just want to go home, right now.”
Xia Yanyan lay in bed, feeling painful and uncomfortable, her heart filled with apprehension.
“The woman who hit me has a high status in this country, but we are strangers here without any power. A stronger dragon cannot repress the local snake. Before that woman pushed me off the submarine, she warned me that if she sees me again, she’d have me chopped up. Mom, let’s go home, and then we can contact the national treasure committee to deal with this underwater country! This must be escalated to a national level for me to get justice, otherwise, this beating would have been for nothing!”
Hearing this, Han Chengbei felt a headache coming on. This was really a bad start. If this got out, how could his travel agency continue? Who would dare to travel to this underwater city in the future?
Seeing his potential fortunes waving goodbye, Han Chengbei declared righteously, “Aunt, Xia Yanyan, rest assured! I will demand an explanation for you. I’ll start negotiating right now, just wait.”
After leaving these words, Han Chengbei, with a splitting headache, left!
At the Imperial Palace, it was after Ye Xingguang and Li Yu had finished their dinner and returned to the palace that Han Chengbei finally got to meet Ye Xingguang.
At that time, Xia Ye Zhao, Tang Zhou, and Xiao Yun had already had their personal restrictions lifted by the third elder.
Outside Ye Xingguang’s sleeping quarters in the lounge, Tang Zhou heard Han Chengbei’s story and burst out laughing, unabashedly taking pleasure in the misfortune, “Plastic teammates, what did you say? Xia Yanyan was beaten into a pig’s head, hahaha!”
Ye Xingguang also wanted to laugh, but seeing Xia Ye Zhao frowning deeply, Ye Xingguang suppressed his laughter and said seriously, “That’s really too much, who hit her?”
“It was a woman named Geshu Yuan, my lord, if this isn’t handled properly, once we return, Xia Yanyan will definitely complain to the national treasure committee, and then the committee will surely interrogate me, what should I do?”
Geshu Yuan, hahaha, although she didn’t like Geshu Yuan at all, in this instance, she couldn’t help but applaud Geshu Yuan’s imperious demeanor!noveldrama
###Chapter 817: Chapter 817: Encountered a Rival Chapter 817: Chapter 817: Encountered a Rival “How is Yanyan doing now?” In the lounge, Xia Ye Zhao was the only one concerned about Xia Yanyan.
Han Chengbei assured him, “Brother Zhao, don’t worry, it’s just superficial wounds, just quite swollen actually, nothing serious.”
“I’ll go take a look,” Xia Ye Zhao said as he stood up.
Ye Xingguang immediately grabbed Xia Ye Zhao, “Brother, if you go see her, how will you explain that you are also in the Undersea Empire? Will you say that I am the queen of this Undersea Empire? Honestly, I don’t want them to know; otherwise, your mother will rush to the palace tomorrow, wanting to become the Empress Dowager. You know I have no real power in this empire, think about my situation…”
Indeed, she was that petty. Xia Yanyan getting beaten actually made her feel relieved; she didn’t want her brother to care about Xia Yanyan at this moment. But knowing her brother well, Ye Xingguang also knew she couldn’t stop him.
“I won’t reveal your identity. I just want to check on Yanyan and mom since they are strangers in this place.”
After saying this, Xia Ye Zhao still left, caring equally for both sides: Ye Xingguang, his sister, and Xia Yanyan, his sister too. He couldn’t just ignore others bullying his sister.
After Xia Ye Zhao left, Ye Xingguang angrily kicked Han Chengbei.
Han Chengbei looked helpless, didn’t dare to cry out in pain, but kept trying to placate her, “My lord, I really couldn’t do anything about it; you are the big BOSS of Starlight Travel, if you don’t step in, Xia Yanyan won’t let this go after she returns home. She is, after all, a national treasure; enduring such humiliation abroad and not being able to voice out, how could she let it go?”
Ye Xingguang was infuriated, “Why did she dangle in front of Geshu Yuan? I had killed some people close to Geshu Yuan before, and he has always seen me as a thorn in his side. Xia Yanyan swishing her tail in front of Geshu Yuan, wasn’t that asking for a beating? She brought it on herself and still expects me to back her up, what a daydream!”
Tang Zhou agreed, “Exactly, she asked for it; what does it have to do with our little Xingguang?”
Han Chengbei glanced at Tang Zhou and said, “You should stop fanning the flames now, no matter what, my lord, you are currently the queen of this Undersea Nation. Your sister got beaten up, can you really swallow this pride?”
“Who says she’s my sister, pshh!” Tang Zhou always used profanities as his catchphrase, spitting them out effortlessly.
The word ‘sister’ also touched a nerve in Ye Xingguang, her face souring rapidly, almost severing ties with Han.
So what if she doesn’t care?noveldrama
Ye Xingguang left everyone, washed her face, and went to bed.
The next morning, she got the news that her brother Xia Ye Zhao had personally gone to find Third Elder Geshu Tang to settle the matter. Ye Xingguang, ultimately worried not for Xia Yanyan being bullied, but that her brother would be at a disadvantage against the Third Elder.
Xia Ye Zhao indeed didn’t gain any advantage from Geshu Tang, because—
Geshu Yuan definitely wasn’t raised on veggies. Hearing someone was coming to her, she immediately strategized with her girl gang. They counter-attacked by claiming Xia Yanyan had attacked her first and even exaggeratedly checked into a hospital.
Geshu Yuan’s girl gang, all testified for her, saying it was Xia Yanyan who provoked first and that she was the first to strike; they reacted to defend themselves and fought back against Xia Yanyan.
###Chapter 818: Chapter 818: Blacker Than You Chapter 818: Chapter 818: Blacker Than You So, this wasn’t Xia Yanyan being beaten unilaterally; it was a fight between both parties, and you say you were injured, but the injury proof provided by Geshu Yuan was even more exaggerated. The photos were so ghastly they were almost unbearable to look at, and it’s unclear whether it was all just makeup.
Geshu Yuan even gave a media interview, which was broadcasted on a TV station.
Ye Xingguang sat in the queen’s office, opened the news, and saw Geshu Yuan’s face wrapped in gauze, only leaving her eyes visible, followed by her indignant voice, “That woman, she slandered our most sacred deity in our hearts. She called our Ocean God a mermaid, so she claimed she was a mermaid and even said our Princess should graciously step down and yield her place upon meeting her. I was so furious; I couldn’t help but hit her!”
Ye Xingguang lay in the queen’s office chair, hearing Geshu Yuan’s words, and almost wanted to award her an Oscar for best actress.
By Geshu Yuan’s hospital bed, her sisters stood, each furiously giving interviews to the underwater news reporters:
“That’s right, it was that woman who started the physical altercation! She claimed she was a mermaid and thus our Ocean God. Everyone who sees her should kneel and devoutly worship her! She even slandered the Princess, and Yuan Yuan couldn’t stand it anymore and confronted her, and then she hit Yuan Yuan, accusing Yuan Yuan of disrespecting the divine. Seeing Yuan Yuan getting hit, we stepped forward to help! That foreign woman, she’s too barbaric! Just because she is a national treasure in country A, does she have the right to insult our queen?”
“That woman, she went too far, relying on the fact that she’s a mermaid, and since our country regards mermaids as divine beings, she wanted to throw her weight around in our country! She’s not our Ocean God at all! Our country’s Ocean God is our revered Princess. She counts for nothing. If she dares to slander the Princess again, I will hit her again. It’s a matter of national dignity!”
“The doctor said Yuan Yuan’s face was almost disfigured—all caused by that woman’s scratching…”
Upon seeing the news report, the citizens of the empire overwhelmingly supported Geshu Yuan, calling for justice on her behalf, and some even went to Xia Yanyan’s hotel to stage a protest, demanding Xia Yanyan leave the empire!
Unable to withstand the intense emotions of the people, the hotel manager personally went to Xia Yanyan’s room and tactfully suggested that she check out.noveldrama
Xia Yanyan was beaten, had no place to argue her case, was framed, and now had to vacate her hotel room, which made her faint several times from anger.
Due to the incident, the tourists traveling with her had to put their seven-day tour on hold, hiding in the hotel, fearing that the protesting underwater citizens in the hotel lobby might vent their anger on them.
However, on a live streaming website in country A, many people were still waiting to watch Zhou Shuangshuang continue her broadcast; the number of online viewers had soared from over ten million to two hundred million. Not only did the citizens of country A want to watch Zhou Shuangshuang’s broadcast of the underwater city, but netizens from other countries also downloaded the streaming app to glimpse the high-tech civilization of the underwater city.
“Beautiful host, why haven’t you gone out today, why are you still in the hotel? Aren’t you supposed to visit that sacred tree which brings light to the underwater city today?”
Zhou Shuangshuang stood in front of the hotel room’s floor-to-ceiling window and complained, “Sorry, viewers, I probably can’t go out today. Miss Xia and a local noblewoman got into a physical altercation, both are injured, and now the local citizens are gathering in the hotel lobby protesting, demanding Miss Xia return to her country. We can’t leave the hotel either.”
###Chapter 819: Chapter 819: Make Xia Yanyan Unable to Escape the Consequences! Chapter 819: Chapter 819: Make Xia Yanyan Unable to Escape the Consequences! Netizens started bombarding the screen, jumping up, “What’s going on, our national treasure is being bullied?”
Zhou Shuangshuang, unable to go out and play, felt some resistance, “To my knowledge, it was Miss Xia who struck first. Because the locals here regard mermaids as gods of the ocean, Miss Xia felt she was the god of the ocean and demanded everyone worship her. It seems she even slandered their queen, leading to intense dissatisfaction from that noble lady. After an argument, Miss Xia hit her first, prompting a fight between them. Both were seriously injured, and now our entire team might be expelled from the country…”
After speaking, Zhou Shuangshuang also aimed her phone camera at the underwater world outside the floor-to-ceiling window. Through the lens, many people could be seen swimming to Xia Yanyan’s room window, holding banners that demanded Xia Yanyan to leave!
In fact, those demonstrating were people hired by Geshu Yuan. However, to online viewers watching the live stream, it seemed like the entire underwater empire was enraged.
The banners read:
—”Protest! You are not the god of the ocean, our queen is!”
—”Defame the queen, get out of Atlantis, you’re never welcome here!”
—”Not all mermaids are gods of the ocean! Apologize! Apologize! Protest! Protest!”
Seeing those banners and hearing Zhou Shuangshuang’s live narration infuriated the online viewers even more.
“What’s going on, how could Xia Yanyan cause such dissatisfaction in this developed underwater nation? What has she done? Losing face all the way to the bottom of the sea, as a national treasure, can’t she be mindful of her image? She represents our entire country!”
“Wow, what does this mean, is the queen of the underwater empire also a mermaid? Why would Xia Yanyan slander someone else’s queen? What’s going on with the Xia family recently? Either it’s her mom offending the crown princess consort of country A, or her offending Atlantis’s queen. Are they just trying to make enemies everywhere?”
At that moment, Zhou Shuangshuang received a message from the local guide. After reading the message, she told the online viewers, “I just received the latest news. Due to this incident, our trip has to be prematurely terminated. At three o’clock this afternoon, we’ll have to board the submarine back home.”
Netizens:
“Ah? What happened, one million in fees, and the trip ends after just three days? Wasn’t it supposed to be a seven-day tour? Isn’t that a total rip-off?”
“Don’t stop it, I haven’t seen enough yet, this underwater world is simply too magical. Can’t you continue the live stream? It wouldn’t matter if you keep showing yachts every day, I really want to keep uncovering the secrets of this underwater world.”
“I want to sign up with Starlight Travel Company, I want to go to the underwater world myself, ah, when will this group tour open again, who else wants to sign up, let’s team up~~”
While reading the comments from netizens, Zhou Shuangshuang said, “I suspect the officials here won’t allow anyone to enter for tourism anymore. This was a pilot trip, and with what happened, sigh, I need to pack my bags for the trip back. I heard they would refund half the fee, I hope they really do~~~”
…
Meanwhile, in the hospital, Geshu Yuan lay on the hospital bed, eating fresh fruits imported from land, feeling untouchable, and asking her companions, “How did the things I asked you to do go?”
Led by Lanya, the sisterhood team responded, “Yuan Yuan, don’t worry, I have hired over a thousand people to protest in front of the hotel. We can turn white into black, we’ll make sure that Xia Yanyan can’t escape unscathed!”noveldrama
###Chapter 820: Chapter 820: I Will Definitely Bring My Fiancé Back Chapter 820: Chapter 820: I Will Definitely Bring My Fiancé Back Geshu Yuan finally felt relieved, “Continue the procession; as long as they don’t leave, the procession shouldn’t disperse!”
Lanya said, “Yuan Yuan, don’t worry. If we don’t take the lead in controlling public opinion now and slapping the mermaid, wouldn’t it be a great disrespect to the God of the Ocean? We will definitely persist until the end and never let Xia Yanyan come here and dominate!”
“Yes, that mermaid, Muya Jiushu, has already been annoying enough. If another one comes, will this place remain our world or become the world of those foreign mermaids? Moreover, I’ve investigated. That Xia Yanyan is an artificial mermaid!”
“Yes, Yuan Yuan, we should not be scared. My family also owns shares in Starlight Tourism. I’ve already told my brother to cancel this trip and drive all those outsiders away.”
“I’ve checked too. My family owns shares too! I’ve already called my dad!”
“Yuan Yuan, breaking news, Starlight Tourism is arranging a submarine this afternoon to send Xia Yanyan away from here. Once she’s gone, no one will pursue us for hitting her again. Rest assured.”noveldrama
“Really?” Geshu Yuan jumped up excitedly, a look of someone who had survived an ordeal.
Hmph, even if Xia Yanyan stays, she, Geshu Yuan, is not afraid of a foreign treasure, right?
…
Ye Xingguang absolutely doesn’t want to deal with Xia Yanyan and Geshu Yuan’s issues. She truly doesn’t care. In her eyes, it’s just a dog-eat-dog situation. Instead of wasting time on them, she’d rather pack up and prepare to return to land with Li Yu! This time, she is returning to land legitimately. Even though the provisional federal government has assigned Officer Han and Gui Baili to accompany her, it doesn’t affect her mood because, at her insistence, Tang Zhou and Xiao Yun can leave with her.
Her brother, Xia Ye Zhao, because of the injured Xia Yanyan, had decided to leave with Han Chengbei on a separate submarine with the tour group. Seeing her brother so engrossed in the injured Xia Yanyan made Ye Xingguang a bit jealous. But her brother is just such a dotingly protective good brother, which is why she’s wanted a brother like him.
Never mind, considering Xia Yanyan was handled by Geshu Yuan and still countered poorly, she would temporarily let her brother take care of her.
Before departing, the six great elders personally came to see her and Li Yu off onto the submarine.
Third Elder, Geshu Tang she bore no grudges against, slid a delicate wristband onto her wrist.
Ye Xingguang stared at the wristband, tried to remove it but couldn’t, and suddenly felt alarmed, “What is this thing you put on me?”
Geshu Tang bowed slightly with a smile, “Jiushu, don’t be nervous; it’s just a positioning wristband. January first is your coronation ceremony. I hope you return to the empire before then, otherwise…”
Why did Geshu Tang’s unfinished statement make her break out in a cold sweat?
Geshu Tang lowered his voice, leaning closer to her ear, “Jiushu, don’t be nervous, how would I harm you? I just want you to return and ascend the throne. Don’t forget, once you’ve had enough fun outside, there’s a throne waiting for you to inherit at home.”
So, the old codger still hadn’t told her what would happen otherwise, huh!
This is just psychological warfare. There isn’t some timed explosive device in this wristband, is there? If she doesn’t return in time, will the wristband explode? Ye Xingguang thought more and more horrified.
Looking up, she fiercely replied to Geshu Tang, “Old Tang Tang, rest assured, when the time comes, I’ll definitely bring my fiancé back to ascend the throne and make him my most beloved emperor!”
###Chapter 821: Chapter 821: Returning Home Chapter 821: Chapter 821: Returning Home Tang Zhou stepped onto the submarine first, sat inside, and yelled at Xiao Yun, “What does this mean! What the hell is Ye Xingguang doing? It’s been over a month, and there’s not even a trace of him. Little Starlight has even become someone else’s fiancé, and now he has been rescued from this underwater kingdom. It’s driving me crazy. If I were Little Starlight, I wouldn’t want such a useless man like Ye Xingguang!”noveldrama
Xiao Yun stood by without saying a word, which frustrated Tang Zhou: “Say something, isn’t Ye Xingguang useless?”
Xiao Yun took a cigarette from his pocket, lit it, and said, “If you were Lord Ye, you might not have been able to turn the situation around quickly either, right?”
“I…” Tang Zhou was left speechless, paused for two seconds, and then said frustratedly, “If my woman was about to become someone else’s fiancée, I’d snatch her back immediately, even by force. But where is Ye Xingguang? Now I have to depend on someone else’s help to leave this place; I even owe Li Yu a favor! Damn it, my little helper has also disappeared; since making a comeback, he hasn’t cared about me at all!”
His tone was full of frustration. It sounded good at the beginning, knowing her body had hidden defects, but he didn’t mind at all, haha, but where is he now?
Men’s mouths, lying ghosts!
A month has passed, completely without news. He must have completely forgotten her by now!
Furious, Tang Zhou found a room in the submarine and sulked himself to sleep, and it was Xiao Yun who woke him up, as the submarine had reached shore.
“Ow, ow, what did you say, we’re back on land?”
Tang Zhou immediately jumped up from the bed and rushed out to embrace the sunshine!
The ship docked at K City’s pier. After disembarking, they took a car to the airport, and then took a flight. Half an hour later, the plane finally landed at A Country’s Capital International Airport.
Returning to the capital again, Tang Zhou suddenly felt as if he had been away for ages. Damn, finally home!
Li Yu personally delivered Ye Xingguang to Ye’s Family Manor, right in front of Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu, returning the person to her original custodians.
Song Chuanqi: “Little Yu, you’ve worked hard this time.”
“Uncle Song, it’s what I should do. Now that I’ve brought her home, I’ll be leaving. But I might have to come over often, or take the little lady to visit my mother. The people from the underwater kingdom who came back with little lady think I’m bringing her to meet her in-laws. Even if it’s just for show, we still need to handle them for now.”
Song Chuanqi already had an idea of the situation: “You’re a good kid, you’ve had it tough this time.”
“It’s no trouble, as long as the little lady can return to your side.”
After speaking, Li Yu walked up to Ye Xingguang, looked down on her with disdain, “At least I won’t have to listen to you show off your love all day anymore. I’m out. The rest is on me. I’ll try my best to persuade the old man to let Ye Qingqing become the heir, and in half a month try to replace him as your groom.”
Ye Xingguang was uneasy: “Brother Yu, can this really succeed?”
Li Yu gave her three words: “I’ll try my best.”
“Mmm.”
Ye Xingguang escorted Li Yu to the door, not knowing how to thank him. Really, if it weren’t Li Yu as the heir, she couldn’t imagine how she would face this challenge.
Luckily, Brother Yu had always been helping her.
“Brother Yu, where are you going?”
“To find Old Wang.” Li Yu dropped these words and then left.
[p]Today’s update ends here, continue tomorrow, kisses, any monthly tickets? Asking for monthly tickets, asking for monthly tickets~~[/p]
###Chapter 822: Chapter 822: The Extremely Wealthy Old Man Chapter 822: Chapter 822: The Extremely Wealthy Old Man Before getting on the car, Li Yu rolled down the window and threw out another line, “Why don’t you come with me?”
Ye Xingguang thought it over, “Can I?”
Li Yu, sitting in the car, gave her a white eye, “Aren’t you back to visit our relatives with me? What’s the issue?”
“You make it sound so reasonable!”
Ye Xingguang immediately got in the car and followed Li Yu!noveldrama
Outside the Ye Family estate, many cars were parked, brought by Gui Baili and his bodyguards. This time, Gui Baili brought a whole hundred bodyguards over, along with Li Yu’s entourage. Seeing Ye Xingguang and Li Yu enter the Ye Family estate and then come out again, all the cars parked outside instantly followed suit, continuing their protective escort.
Ye Xingguang, sitting in the car, was particularly stirred up, “Big Brother Yu, where is that vampire king’s lair? Is it far? If it’s far, let’s find a restaurant in the city and have a proper meal before we leave?”
“Actually, it’s just in the suburbs of the Imperial Capital,” Li Yu said. “Half an hour’s drive on the highway.”
“What, so close?” Ye Xingguang couldn’t believe it.
Li Yu explained, “He has several lairs, in Country A, and other countries too, but for the past two years, he has been living in Feng Mountain in the suburbs of the Imperial Capital because he took a fancy to a village girl there. He wanted to retreat into the mountains with her to live a pastoral life, ‘picking chrysanthemums under the eastern fence, leisurely seeing the southern mountain’.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!”
Such poetic and picturesque sentiment!
Ye Xingguang conjured up that image in her mind, a decrepit old man carrying fruits and vegetables every day to pester a young, beautiful village girl—hmph, not romantic at all, it was clearly an old bull eating tender grass!
However, as the car left the city area, past the expressway, and entered the deep mountains, Ye Xingguang realized she had been mistaken!
For the sake of courting that village girl, the old coot had bought an entire mountain and even constructed a distinctive archway at the mountain’s foot, with two enormous stone lions in front, intimidating and commanding.
There was a security checkpoint at the archway, and when the staff saw Li Yu roll down the car window, they saluted and let them pass.
Then, the long convoy took the mountain road and, after driving for nearly half an hour up the winding road, they saw a resort-like terraced villa enveloped in mist and exuding an ethereal aura on the mountainside.
From afar, in front of the villas, there was a natural lake with clear water, an elegant environment, and beautiful scenery—not only would village girls not resist such temptation, but beautiful city girls would likely not withstand such a sugar-coated bombardment either.
Such a resort must have cost a fortune; wealthy old chaps indeed have their ways to charm young girls!
The resort also had a vast parking lot. Their convoy of nearly forty cars parked easily, not feeling the least bit cramped. Getting out of the cars, Ye Xingguang realized that the luxury vehicles originally parked there were dazzling enough!
This wasn’t just a wealthy old man; this was an extremely wealthy old man!
Ye Xingguang still remembered, ten years ago in the capital of the Empire, when all the heirs to the throne were embroiled in a fierce battle. As the cleanup queen herself, she hid away, waiting for the battle to end. That fight for the throne went on for three days and nights, and ultimately the Third Princess emerged victorious.
Then, with much effort, she blocked all the supporters behind the losers to lead them in a quest for revenge. When she personally killed the Third Princess and her supporter Geshu Chen, three claps echoed in her ears.
Those three claps came from this extremely wealthy old man!
###Chapter 823: Chapter 823: Today’s Me is Out of His League! Chapter 823: Chapter 823: Today’s Me is Out of His League! But at the time, her eyes were clouded with fury, and she didn’t get a good look at the old coot’s face. She only saw his back, his white hair tumbling down to his waist, and heard the old coot’s booming laughter, “If this girl becomes my daughter-in-law…”
At that moment, she had only caught those few words; the old coot seemed to have said something else, but she hadn’t heard it clearly.
In no time, a slew of imperial military and political bigwigs rushed over, only to discover that all the heirs to the throne were dead, except for her. That’s when Geshu Tang stepped forward. She thought he would seek revenge for his brother; who knew Geshu Tang would turn out to be so spineless, actually shouting, “This girl should be Empress!”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
Even now, Ye Xingguang still believed that Geshu Tang was biding his time for revenge, a gentleman’s vengeance ten years in the making. Look, now he had her tightly in his grip, and on top of that, he was forcing her to break up with the big cancer, so now she had to hustle for her own lifelong affair!
“What are you thinking about, over here?” Li Yu raised his hand, tapped her on the head, then grabbed her hand and led her to meet the old king.
Before leaving, he tossed a sentence to his entourage, “Arrange for their accommodations.”
This arrangement referred to Ye Xingguang’s entourage, including Gui Baili and Deputy Han…
On the cobblestone path, only Li Yu and Ye Xingguang were left. They passed through the garden, walked by the lakeside, and Ye Xingguang instantly saw a pavilion in the middle of the lake at the end of a winding corridor. Inside the pavilion, there was an old man with white hair fishing!
From her angle, she could see the back of the white-haired old man, identical to the one in her memory.
Yes, it was him!
Beside the white-haired old man, there was a young woman speaking to him.
Ye Xingguang had good hearing, and as she walked along the winding corridor, she overheard the young woman saying, “Haven’t you always valued him? Now that he is willing to be your successor, what more could you ask for?”
The white-haired old man snorted, “Humph! When I begged him to take the role, he ignored me. Now that I’ve chosen a second successor, he comes crawling back? Forget it, a good horse doesn’t turn back for grass! Yesterday, he brushed me off, but today, he’s not worthy of me!”
Eh, what was that supposed to mean? Was it possible that the successor the old coot had once chosen was now begging to be reconsidered?
Please don’t agree to it!
That was what Ye Xingguang thought to herself.
“Brother Yu, that white-haired old man is the vampire king, isn’t he? What’s his name? What are his likes? How can I win him over? Quick, quick, quick, give me on-the-spot coaching!” Ye Xingguang muttered under her breath.
Li Yu yawned lazily, looked down at her, and said, “Sis, do you really need to win him over? If he didn’t fancy you, would he let his successor marry you?”
“You have a point there! So, how should I address him? Should I call him ‘old gentleman’?”
“Chen Fengdu.”noveldrama
“Hm?”
“His name.”
“Oh oh oh.”
So the vampire king was named Chen Fengdu. All these years, this was the first time she had learned the name of the vampire king.
Li Yu instructed her in a low voice, “Now, run over there and tell him that you don’t want to marry me at all, that you want to marry your family’s big tumor. If he dares to separate you and your big tumor, threaten to throw yourself into the river and commit suicide.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang: “Brother Yu, I’m a mermaid, is threatening to drown myself really threatening?”
Li Yu coached her again, “That’s true. Then it’s ‘cry, make a scene, hang oneself.’ If he does not agree to make your big tumor his successor, just give him a hard time. Then I’ll chime in from the side, saying that I don’t want to be the successor and that we have no chemistry.”
###Chapter 824: Chapter 824: Isn’t Your Man My Son? Chapter 824: Chapter 824: Isn’t Your Man My Son? Ye Xingguang walked, pondering to herself, “Are you sure this will work? I have a feeling it’s so unreliable.”
Li Yu threw her a line, “Don’t know, but, how will we know if we don’t try?”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang glared, “Brother Yu, are you messing with me? I think it all depends on you. You go tell old man Chen straight up that you’re just not into me, that you don’t want to be the vampire heir, and you must display an unyielding spirit even in the face of death!”
“Okay,” Li Yu agreed, crisp and clear.
That’s why I like a good childhood friend who’s willing to agree to anything!
Side by side, the two of them walked toward Shuixin Pavilion. As Li Yu stepped into Shuixin Pavilion, a disdainful voice began, “Old Chen, I’ve brought the girl you wanted back, but never in a million years did I expect her to be my sister. What do we do now? I only see her as a sister. Knowing she has someone in her heart, I definitely can’t break them up. As for this vampire heir, better let her beloved take the role. Forgive me, but I refuse to accept!”
Exactly, that’s what to say, Ye Xingguang applauded Li Yu in her heart.
“You little punk, what kind of nonsense is that? Are you saying it’s beneath you to be my heir?” The white-haired old man fishing slowly turned around, faced them with a stern look.
With features so refined they differed as much from a grumpy old man’s as could be, delicate skin coupled with a wrinkle-free face—if not for the white hair, he would not seem a day over thirty. Most captivating were those stunning black eyes, as if coming straight from a manga’s handsome protagonist, the angles reaching into his temples like stars, uh…
Ye Xingguang, about to call out to Old Chen, was struck dumb by the sight of that soul-stirring handsome man with white hair, her voice stuck in her throat. Was this really the vampire heir, that filthy rich grumpy old man?
This… was a completely different image from the grumpy old man she had in her head!
“Uh… this white hair, you’re sure it’s not dyed at a hairdresser’s?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t realize she had voiced her inner thoughts aloud.
“Little Jiushu, how did you know I got this white hair dyed at a hairdresser’s?” Chen Fengdu tossed aside his fishing rod, stood up, and scrutinized Ye Xingguang, “Indeed, a girl changes so much as she grows. Much better looking than the little pole you were ten years ago!”
Ye Xingguang gaped in surprise, “It’s really dyed? Brother Yu, you’re sure he’s the vampire clan’s old boss? He doesn’t feel like it to me! You’re not messing with me, right?”
But still, Ye Xingguang was polite and knew how to address people, “Hello Mr. Chen, hello Mrs. Chen.”noveldrama
“Cough, cough, I’m not his Mrs.,” the young girl by Chen Fengdu’s side said, slightly embarrassed.
Upon hearing this, Chen Fengdu laughed heartily, “How could you not be? Sooner or later you will be my Mrs. But little Jiushu, as my future daughter-in-law, you got it wrong. You should call me father-in-law, mother-in-law!”
Ye Xingguang’s forehead creased with black lines as she replied, “Mr. Chen, you really have a knack for joking. You’re not my man’s dad. How could I call you father-in-law?”
“Your man is not my son?”
“Is he?”
Chen Fengdu, pulling along his darling baby, took a seat in the center chair of Shuixin Pavilion, settling down leisurely with a smile that was barely there, “Everyone who I’ve embraced directly is my son, and this young man is one of my sons. You two are getting married soon. Tell me, aren’t you my daughter-in-law?”
As soon as he finished speaking, Li Yu, not giving face, declared, “I repeat, I will not marry my own sister. A rabbit doesn’t eat the grass by its burrow. My coming here today is to make it clear that I will no longer be the heir, but I can recommend someone to you, Ye Junqing.”
###Chapter 825: Chapter 825: What Kind of Operation is this Huge Tumor in Her Family? Chapter 825: Chapter 825: What Kind of Operation is this Huge Tumor in Her Family? As soon as the voice faded, a person hurried over from a distance and said, “King Chen, no no no… there’s trouble…”
“What’s wrong, you’re panting so heavily, catch your breath before you speak.” The young woman beside Chen Fengdu asked the hurrying person to calm down.
The man who came running over to report said, “Ye Ye Ye… Lord Ye Qing has already persuaded all the clan leaders to rebel, now they all support Lord Ye Qing as the next successor, they also want want want…”
“What do they want?” Chen Fengdu’s face suddenly turned so gloomy it could drip.
“They want you to abdicate and yield your position, and also, to hand over the formula.”
After saying this, the man didn’t dare to look at Chen Fengdu’s face.
It was completely unexpected, just a few days ago Lord Ye Qing was still diligently visiting King Chen every day, and today suddenly changed his approach, essentially nullifying all of King Chen’s powers. Now, all the clan leaders loyal to King Chen had been won over by Lord Ye Qing, each one of them ready to establish Lord Ye Qing as the successor for the vampire clan, this was sheer neferious ambition!
Only Ye Xingguang, startled at first, jumped up excitedly, the sudden change in the situation was overwhelming, what was her family’s big troublemaker up to?
Was her family’s troublemaker unable to gain Old Chen’s favor, so he went directly for a coup?
Upon hearing this, Chen Fengdu’s face turned livid: “How preposterous! How preposterous! This desperate traitor!”
The reporting man said, “King Chen! It’s not that Lord Ye Qing is acting desperately, he wants to bribe all the clan leaders to support him, he must have planned this for a while, it’s impossible to accomplish this in one day!”
The young woman by King Chen’s side was also taken aback: “It seems he was well-prepared, if one path doesn’t work, he takes another, Fengdu, what do we do now?”noveldrama
Chen Fengdu shouted sternly, “This traitor! Where is he now?”
The reporting man said, “He’s in… in the meeting room.”
Chen Fengdu stepped forward: “Li Yu, come with me!”
Li Yu waved his hands, smiling as if it had nothing to do with him: “Old Chen, I won’t go, since all the clan leaders support him as the next successor, why don’t you just agree? Besides, I didn’t want it anyway, but my sister has her heart set only on marrying him, right, little sis?”
After saying this, Li Yu stretched his arm around Ye Xingguang’s shoulder and looked down at her.
Ye Xingguang nodded excitedly: “Right right right, Old Chen, why not grant your blessing and let Lord Ye Qing be your next successor? I promise, we’ll take good care of you, after all, who does it if not him? His actions today were a bit over the top, I apologize on his behalf, and even more, as long as you agree, I’ll personally bring him over to give you a proper apology, how does that sound?”
Chen Fengdu snorted heavily, his white hair flying in the wind: “How could I allow that traitor Lord Ye Qing to be so arrogant and overbearing, climbing over my head! Li Yu, I’m asking you one last time, this successor, are you taking it, or not?”
“If the Queen of Atlantis were not my little sis, I definitely wouldn’t allow it, but…” Li Yu shrugged, showing a can’t-beat-true-love and can’t-let-my-little-sis-ruin-her-happiness attitude: “This queen, happens to be her, I can’t take this role, how about you just accept the situation, recognize Ye Qing. In terms of capability and tactics, he proved himself with his actions! Little sis, am I right?”
###Chapter 826: Chapter 826: She Really Misses Him So Much Chapter 826: Chapter 826: She Really Misses Him So Much Ye Xingguang nodded vigorously, “Exactly, exactly, Master Chen, aren’t you choosing an heir who can lead the vampire clan to greater distances with both ability and means? Now, my family’s Lord Ye has conquered everyone with his charisma, and everyone is willing to support him as the next heir. Although he harbors great ambitions and defies the heavens, it is also because he loves me too much and fears that I will marry someone else. But as long as you agree, I will immediately bring him here to apologize to you. What do you think? We will definitely take good care of you in the future, and he will be your son, and I, your daughter-in-law!”
How could Chen Fengdu be convinced by Ye Xingguang and Li Yu’s few words?
Each one of them is a rebel, as if he were begging them to be the heir!
Especially Lord Ye, that rebel. This position of heir was promised to him, and he did not want it for ten whole years. Now that he planned to choose a new heir, Lord Ye turned around and pathetically came running back to force his claim, utterly disregarding him!
Chen Fengdu snorted, his temper flaring. He roared, his voice not very loud, but it seemed to carry very far, “The heir of our vampire clan, not anyone is eligible, certainly not Lord Ye!”
“Is that so?” At that moment, a voice, cold as a thousand years of ice, drifted over from afar.noveldrama
That familiar timbre, low and magnetic, always made her ears itch and contained a coldness she usually couldn’t sense, as if it embodied a beastliness that could destroy everything. In an instant, it captured all her attention.
“Ah Qing!” Across the winding corridors, Ye Xingguang yelled excitedly at the person by the lake.
Normally, when Lord Ye was called a great troublemaker, the words “Ah Qing” were ones that Lord Ye forced her to utter in their intimate moments, words that now rushed eagerly from her throat. She really missed him—it had been a whole month since she last saw him!
A day apart felt like years; a month apart, she had no idea how many romantic scenarios with him she needed to replay in her mind each night before sleeping to soothe her longing.
Lord Ye, dressed in a black suit, his eyes cold as millennia-old ice, swept over them. Hearing the words “Ah Qing,” a flicker of clarity shone in the unfathomable darkness of his eyes, but it was brief. Soon, Lord Ye’s gaze fell on Li Yu’s hand on her arm, and the unruly darkness overwhelmed his fierce, bloodthirsty eyes, in an instant emitting an overwhelming chill, seemingly capable of obliterating heaven and earth.
In his mind were the words Li Yu had said before setting off, “Lord Ye, even if the nation decrees it, and mutual affection exists, what use is it? Now, it’s I who will go to the depths of the ocean to propose to her, and soon, she will become my wife, Li Yu, while you will get nothing. All your efforts, in the end, amount to nothing.”
Will he get nothing?
We shall see who eventually wins her in the end!
He would definitely not be as foolish as before, to let go of her, to allow her to marry Li Yu and have children!
“Come here!” Lord Ye’s words, deep and hoarse, sounded like the prelude to a storm.
Ye Xingguang, oblivious to his mood, immediately planned to rush over, to throw herself into the arms of her beloved.
But Chen Fengdu grasped her wrist and took her as a hostage, “You rebel, you dared to incite everyone to betray me. I will not allow such insolence in my territory!”
###Chapter 827: Chapter 827: The Out-of-Control Man Chapter 827: Chapter 827: The Out-of-Control Man Ye Xingguang, strong as an ox, tried to break free from Chen Fengdu’s grip, but she found herself unable to shake him off. The more she struggled, the tighter Chen Fengdu gripped her wrist, causing her brows to furrow in pain.
Seeing her taken hostage and wincing in pain, Ye Junqing, like a demon king provoked, lost control in an instant with a command, “Let her go!”
Along with his actions as fast as lightning!
So fast that all the clan leaders who followed him couldn’t help but gasp in astonishment!
Just a second ago, Ye Junqing was by the lakeside, and in the blink of an eye, his tall figure had moved to the pavilion at the center of the lake, reaching out to attack Chen Fengdu, trying to rescue the pained Ye Xingguang.
But his palm did not land on Chen Fengdu, instead, “Pfft…”
By the time Ye Xingguang realized what had happened, Li Yu had been struck by Ye Junqing’s palm and slammed into the pavilion’s mahogany pillar.
It happened like this, as Ye Junqing came to rescue Ye Xingguang, Li Yu had also made his move, trying to rescue her from Chen Fengdu. Somehow, maybe because both were too eager to rescue, Ye Junqing’s strike missed and hit Li Yu instead.
Seeing Li Yu knocked into the pillar and falling to the ground by Ye Junqing’s palm, Ye Xingguang’s eyes twitched as she instinctively cried out, “Brother Yu!”
“I’m… okay… pfft…” Li Yu, blood spurting from his mouth, was a shocking sight.
Ye Junqing didn’t bother about Li Yu and struck out again, fighting fiercely with Chen Fengdu.
After several exchanges, Ye Xingguang finally seized the opportunity to free her wrist, and the next instant, she ran to help Li Yu, “Brother Yu, how are you?”
Li Yu’s voice was weak and powerless, barely audible: “Don’t worry about me, seize the chance to escape. As long as Elder Chen can’t use you as a hostage, your family’s poison will successfully mount the coup and he’ll definitely be the next successor.”
“At a time like this, you still worry about that!” Ye Xingguang helped Li Yu up, intending to leave the pavilion with him.
Li Yu could barely stand, stumbling as if he were about to fall, looking gravely injured.
Unable to help it, Ye Xingguang draped Li Yu’s arm over her shoulder, supporting him as they quickly left the battlefield to avoid him getting hurt again in the fight between her family’s poison and Elder Chen. It was her family’s poison that had injured Li Yu before with that palm—it was definitely an accident, but such accidents must not happen again!
Ye Junqing caught a glimpse of this scene, and was so agitated that he lost control, forgetting his fight with Chen Fengdu as he turned to separate the two!
But Elder Chen did not give him the chance to leave, scoffing disdainfully, “Unfilial son! See? The bride I chose, she fancies Li Yu, not you! What’s the point of your coup now? They’ve already gotten engaged under the sea! January first is their wedding day! You’re too late, I declare you highly disloyal, even daring to commit patricide!”noveldrama
“Shut up!” Ye Junqing retorted sharply, his voice icy cold, wishing he could chop Li Yu into mincemeat!
The next moment, he let go of Chen Fengdu and chased after Ye Xingguang and Li Yu, his large hand grabbing Li Yu’s shoulder to forcefully separate them while raising his hand to strike Li Yu.
“pfft…” Blood once again sprayed from Li Yu’s mouth.
###Chapter 828: Chapter 828: Do You Believe Me or Him? Chapter 828: Chapter 828: Do You Believe Me or Him? Ye Xingguang was stunned for a moment, then quickly caught Li Yu as he collapsed. Seeing Lord Ye Junqing’s palm swinging at them, she immediately stood in front of Li Yu and yelled at Lord Ye Junqing, “Stop, what are you doing? Stop it!”
“Cough, cough, cough…” Behind Ye Xingguang, Li Yu continued to cough up blood.
Turning her head back, Ye Xingguang saw blood gushing from his mouth, which immediately set off her sensitive nerves. She turned around and glared at Lord Ye Junqing, exclaiming, “Have you lost your mind? Why are you hitting Brother Yu? He’s already been hurt by mistake, and you’re still hitting him?”
Ye Xingguang had no idea that, while she turned to speak with Lord Ye Junqing, the coughing Li Yu gave a satisfied smirk at Lord Ye Junqing.
That smug smile instantly propelled Lord Ye Junqing to pull Ye Xingguang away from in front of Li Yu, with the urge to finish Li Yu off!
Lord Ye Junqing growled in a low voice, “Move aside, he’s faking it!”
Ye Xingguang couldn’t believe her ears, “You beat Brother Yu until he’s vomiting blood, and you’re still saying he’s faking it? Lord Ye Junqing, you’ve gone too far!”
“My girl, your man has lost his mind. Now isn’t the time for arguing; we should get out of here first.” Li Yu’s voice was already weak.
Seeing Li Yu’s frailty, Ye Xingguang felt a tremendous guilt. She knew how strong Lord Ye Junqing was because she herself was very strong, but she couldn’t get the upper hand over him. It wouldn’t be surprising if Brother Yu were to cough up blood after one of the man’s palms struck down.
Ye Xingguang glared at Lord Ye Junqing in anger. Why did he always irrationally lash out all the time!
Last time, on the island, he had barged into her room and beat Brother Yu mercilessly, and now, he was at it again. Was he irrationally jealous again?
It must be so. This petty man probably had his brain conjuring up some drama about her and Brother Yu cheating on him!
Although exasperated and disappointed, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but utter, “Brother Yu and I have nothing going on. Can’t you stop jumping to conclusions? Can’t you trust me for once? Keep hitting people without a good reason, and I really will stop dealing with you!”
Having said that, she attempted to help Li Yu leave.
Lord Ye Junqing’s cold, peach blossom eyes filled with blood, and her words were like a knife plunging into his heart, triggering all the memories of the past. No matter how cunning Li Yu was, she always fiercely protected him.
There had been a time when she glared at him, full of indignation, “If you keep suspecting Brother Yu without reason, I really will stop dealing with you!”
And then, she really did ignore him. No matter how he tried to please her, no matter how he apologized, her heart was as if it had been frozen, and she would never even consider melting it one iota.
In an instant, Lord Ye Junqing felt engulfed by that same helplessness, not wanting to go through it all over again.
He grabbed her hand sharply, his intimidating gaze locked onto her face, “I’m telling you one last time, he’s faking it. Who do you believe, me or him?”
“He’s faking it and can cough up that much blood? Why don’t you spit out that much blood and show me if you can be rational? Whenever it comes to emotional issues, you lose all the calm of a big company and corporation leader. Have you forgotten how you wronged me and Brother Yu last time?”
Ye Xingguang felt disappointed. Why was it that whenever he faced emotional issues, he behaved so beneath himself?noveldrama
Lord Ye Junqing’s gaze, cold to the bone, stayed on her face for a long time without moving, his cold aura unrestrained, “So, no matter how many times history repeats itself, you always believe him?”
###Chapter 829: Chapter 829: Wishing You Early Birth of a Precious Child! Chapter 829: Chapter 829: Wishing You Early Birth of a Precious Child! “This isn’t a matter of belief, okay? Can we not discuss this right now? Is it meaningful? I need to take Brother Yu to the hospital, so prepare the car for me, quickly…”
“You think it’s meaningless?” Ye Xingguang’s eyes lacked any hint of warmth—only deep shadows lingering within, betraying his dark circles.
In these days, to usurp Chen Fengdu’s power and persuade those clan leaders sworn to die for Chen Fengdu to switch their allegiance and support him becoming the next heir, he had pondered and worked hard to win these people over. He had barely slept well.
Exhaustion was the most straightforward physical response. At this moment, he only wanted to hold her in his arms and sleep soundly while hugging her tightly.
But upon hearing her words, he suddenly felt that it wasn’t his body that was exhausted, but his heart…
He had once been so tired that he wanted to let go, tired enough to wish for oblivion and a peaceful heart. Now, was he to go through it all again? He didn’t wish to experience it again, feeling an instinctive desire to escape, his grip on her wrist loosened all of a sudden.
“I wish you a prosperous and early childbirth!” Ye Xingguang dropped these words and passed her by, striding away.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was entirely stunned, staring at the cold departing figure of Ye Xingguang, not understanding what his words meant.
She anxiously called after his retreating figure, “Ye Xingguang, what do you mean by that?”
“Take it at face value!”
That was the voice of Ye Xingguang sealing his heart and shutting out love!
All those elusive feelings he had ever experienced, he didn’t want to go through them again! Now, he just wanted to curl up in the shell of love, protecting his heart from being hurt again!
Yet, his steps were still slow, uncertain of what he was expecting…
Take it at face value? Did he mean to break up with her?
Ye Xingguang wanted to catch up, “Ye Xingguang, make yourself clear!”
“Cough, cough… cough, cough…” Li Yu coughed heavily, each time spitting out blood.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t just ignore it. She looked down and glanced at Li Yu.
Li Yu pushed her, “Don’t bother with me, go after him.”
Ye Xingguang had wanted to chase, but upon hearing Li Yu’s words and seeing his lips stained red with blood, how could she leave him behind?
“Brother Yu, I’ll take you to the hospital first.”
…
With a loud “bang,” Ye Xingguang smashed everything he could around him.
“Qing… Qing Ye… Please calm down… We’ve spent so much time and effort, even if Old Chen is unwilling to let you be the heir, we’ve already conquered everyone’s support. You’re the only real choice for heir. Little Xingguang will surely end up marrying you… Please, be calm! Li Yu won’t be able to take Little Xingguang away!” Faced with his master Qing Ye’s sudden rage, Fu Zhuo was bewildered and trembling in fear.
“What happened? Wasn’t everything going smoothly?” Leng Chenmo discovered Ye Xingguang in a room on the third floor of the vacation villa, and upon entering, he saw that everything in the room had been smashed to pieces, a total mess.
In fact, Fu Zhuo wasn’t clear on the real reason for Qing Ye’s rage, “Yes, it was going smoothly, but Qing Ye and Little Xingguang had an unpleasant encounter, and then Qing Ye locked himself on the third floor, violently smashing things to vent his anger.”
Leng Chenmo frowned, “Where is Xingguang?”
“Li Yu was injured by Qing Ye, and then, Little Xingguang drove Li Yu to the hospital. I don’t know how things developed like this. It was supposed to be Qing Ye challenging the throne, but in the end, Qing Ye and Little Xingguang ended up breaking up!”
[An Ying: That’s it for today’s update, see you tomorrow, muah, do you have a monthly pass? Asking for a monthly pass, please vote~]
###Chapter 830: Chapter 830: They Can’t Be Separated! Chapter 830: Chapter 830: They Can’t Be Separated! Leng Chenmo heard this and walked over to Ye Junqing’s side, looking coldly at the frustrated man in front of him, “Ye Junqing, I wasted a whole month with you, not to see you almost win only to screw everything up yourself, to have victory within reach and then let it slip away, handing the woman over to me on a silver platter.”
“Get lost,” Ye Junqing was thoroughly irritated.
Leng Chenmo chuckled, “In this world, except for Xiao Zhou, no one who dares to tell me to ‘get lost’ ends well. You want to try?”
“Stop flaunting your love in front of me!”
Right now, Ye Junqing just wanted to be alone and was about to leave the chaotic room. Leng Chenmo reached out and blocked his way, “What do you mean by this, there’s already a child, and now you want to break up with my sister?”
The words ‘there’s already a child’ struck a sensitive nerve in him.
“What, you want the child to be born into a single-parent family without even being born?”
Every sentence from Leng Chenmo hit home, howsoever one heard it, it sounded offensive. Ye Junqing’s anger hadn’t subsided, and he regretted his words immensely, wishing he could immediately bite down the phrase “I hope you have a child soon” and throw it into a cesspit, thinking to himself, to hell with having a child soon.
Ye Junqing shook off Leng Chenmo’s hand and took a step, intending to go home and see the child.
Leng Chenmo watched his retreating figure but did not follow. Having just successfully staged a coup, the situation was still unstable; it seemed he had to stay behind to help clean up the mess for his emotionally driven brother-in-law. Leng Chenmo was also frustrated, a good hand had been played badly, truly a case of hating the steel for not becoming hard!
Fu Zhuo stood at the door of the room, wanting to follow, but unsure if he should. He felt it might be better to not throw himself into the line of fire.
Downstairs, after he saw Ye Junqing drive away alone, Fu Zhuo dared to speak, “Mr. Leng, what do we do now? Are we really going to just watch and let Ye and Ye Xingguang break up?”
“They won’t break up!”
Leng Chenmo dropped the words and went to find Chen Fengdu. Having spent a month on this, the position of the heir must be Ye Junqing’s!
Fu Zhuo felt it was better to stick with Leng Chenmo and get things done, but Fu Zhuo was still worried, “Mr. Leng, are you sure? What if they really do break up, what will we do if Ye Xingguang ends up marrying Li Yu?”
“Impossible!”
According to memories from his past life, Ye Junqing and his sister were still together, living sweetly as honey, even had two children. Leng Chenmo still felt jealous, envious, and resentful.
…
Hospital, registration, queuing, consultation, taking X-rays, payment; Ye Xingguang was busy running around, and finally, after everything was done, Li Yu was arranged to be hospitalized. The doctor diagnosed that due to severe external force, acute gastric mucosal damage had led to a hemorrhage.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang sat in front of Li Yu’s hospital bed, her mind dwelling on Ye Junqing’s words.
What did he mean by “I hope you have a child soon”?
What did he literally mean?
This disgusting man, this scumbag, this lunatic, this jealous pot, was always being brutal and unreasonable, accusing her of infidelity as if she had done something to wrong him!
Ye Xingguang’s eyes reddened.
Li Yu lay in bed, watching the mist in her eyes, “Sister dear, you should go back. Ye Junqing probably really thinks we’re getting married on January the first, that’s why he’s lost his reason. But I told you long ago, it’s impossible to change his impulsive nature. Last time he came to your house and hit me impulsively, I could see it then, heh… ‘It’s easier to change rivers and mountains than one’s nature.'”
###Chapter 831: Chapter 831: I Want to Return to Ye’s Family Chapter 831: Chapter 831: I Want to Return to Ye’s Family “Yu-ge, I’m sorry.” Ye Xingguang felt that she had no face to even say the words ‘I’m sorry’, but she still wanted to defend Ye Junqing: “He’s really not like this normally, I don’t know why he’s always so irrational.”
Li Yu looked at her deeply: “Are you sure you want to spend your life with a man like this? Every time you’re with a guy, he flies into a rage, he’s so violent, and casually mentions breaking up with you, are you sure he loves you?”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips, feeling extremely vexed in her heart.
“It’s you who loves him more, isn’t it? Sis, I’m going to speak the truth—women should find a man who loves them rather than a man they love. Life will be much easier. Otherwise, this kind of thing will just keep happening. I can forgive getting hurt once or twice, for your sake, but I’m worried about you. You’ll keep getting hurt over and over. Think about it.”
After Li Yu finished speaking, he closed his eyes to rest, to sleep.
By this time, it was already dark. Ye Xingguang sat in front of the hospital bed, her thoughts restless.
They had already returned to the city, now at the T University Affiliated Hospital’s Department of Gastroenterology. Since there was no one else, she couldn’t leave. It was already ten o’clock at night, and all she could do was sit by the hospital bed.
With a “creak,” just at this moment, the door of the hospital room was pushed open.
Gui Baili walked in, saying: “Your Highness the Queen, you should go back to rest. Here, I’ve arranged for someone to watch over Mr. Li.”
Li Yu suddenly opened his eyes and glanced at Gui Baili.
Behind Gui Baili were two guards: “Your Highness the Queen, tonight, let my two guards take care of Mr. Li. What do you think? You’ve had a tiring journey and need to rest. Mr. Li, what do you say?”
Ye Xingguang’s entourage was already aware of the power transition that had occurred within the vampire community. By now, the whole vampire community was under Ye Junqing’s control. It seemed that Mr. Li’s heir title might not last long. However, Gui Baili still spoke very courteously.
Li Yu lay in bed and said: “Sis, you go back. Have a good talk with Ye Junqing.”
“Alright then, Yu-ge. I will bring you breakfast tomorrow morning. What do you want to eat?”
“Anything, porridge, or whatever, as long as it’s not cooked by your hands, I’ll deign to eat a few bites.” Li Yu’s voice was still full of disdain, clearly having no expectations of her culinary skills.
Ye Xingguang snorted: “I can still cook porridge okay? Well then, I’m leaving.”
“Go on, don’t try cooking and poison me. It wouldn’t be worth surviving Ye Junqing’s beating only to be poisoned by you,” Li Yu said teasingly.
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes and, before leaving, repeatedly made Gui Baili’s guards promise to take good care of Li Yu.
That carefulness reached Li Yu’s ears, and he couldn’t help but look at her with a deeper meaning.
Ye Xingguang left the hospital building and sat in the car arranged by Gui Baili.
Gui Baili asked her, “Your Highness the Queen, where to now?”
Where to? Of course, go home. But thinking of Ye Junqing’s cold and heartless words, she felt that she had no dignity left if she shamelessly went back to the Ye’s Family now. In the end, she spoke in frustration: “I don’t know where to go?”
Gui Baili sat next to her: “Well, in that case, shall I arrange a hotel for you to stay in for the time being?”
A second ago, Ye Xingguang thought she needed to maintain some dignity, but upon hearing this, she replied without pride: “I want to return to the Ye’s Family. My parents are there, I want to stay with my parents.”
###Chapter 832: Chapter 832: What I Lost to Was Her Obsession with You Chapter 832: Chapter 832: What I Lost to Was Her Obsession with You Gui Baili nodded and said something to the driver, who then started driving, setting his navigator to the address of the Ye’s family.
Along the way, Ye Xingguang rested her head on her hand, leaning against the car window, gazing at the scenery outside. As she watched, tears of grievance rolled down her cheeks. Ye Junqing was truly too cold-hearted.
Always because of a “past” he concocted in his own mind, he unreasonably fantasized about something between her and Li Yu. Now, he even wished her and Li Yu to have children soon. Couldn’t he understand her feelings for him?
“Your Highness, would you like some candy?”
Gui Baili pulled a piece of candy from his pocket and offered it to Ye Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang shook her head, feeling bitterness in her mouth. Eating candy couldn’t sweeten her heart.
Gui Baili said, “You should have one. Otherwise, everyone’s mood will fall because of you.”
What did that mean? Ye Xingguang looked up at Gui Baili.
Gui Baili reached out, pressing his hand against his chest: “Because of you, it hurts here. As a man, I don’t want to shed tears over you.”
Ye Xingguang realized that when her emotions fluctuated wildly, the Sacred Tree would sense it, and then the entire nation would feel her emotional turmoil.noveldrama
Already annoyed and now completely without privacy, Ye Xingguang grabbed the candy, unwrapped it, and stuffed the sweet treat into her mouth. But no matter how much she ate, she couldn’t feel happy. The sweeter her mouth, the more suffocated her heart felt.
After Ye Xingguang left, Li Yu had the two guards arranged by Gui Baili sent out, having them stand outside the hospital room.
At that moment, Chen Fengdu called to inquire about his injuries.
Li Yu said over the phone, “It’s nothing serious, just some stomach bleeding. A few days in the hospital and some rest should do the trick.”
Chen Fengdu felt relieved but scolded casually, “You two are both unfilial, no good at all! I ask you, do you want the position of heir? If you do, no amount of clan leader support for that unfilial Ye Junqing will matter. I hold the formula, and no matter how much support Ye Junqing gets, he won’t win his beauty!”
“I don’t want it. I only see her as a sister and won’t marry her. You should agree to Ye Junqing being the next heir. Why break up a couple in love? Don’t you feel like you’re doing wrong?”
With that, Li Yu hung up the phone.
This position of heir, he never really coveted, nor did he truly want to become the heir. It was merely a heart-wrenching game, which had now come to an end, and there was no need to play it further.
Because Li Yu understood very well that even if he became the heir and married her forcefully, he wouldn’t win her heart and would only earn her hatred.
To truly win her over, he could only let Ye Junqing disappoint her again and again, breaking her heart repeatedly until she couldn’t take it anymore. Then, he might have a chance to warm her heart.
No rush. What he needed was patience, to watch Ye Junqing repeatedly ruin himself, thoroughly breaking her heart of admiration.
Besides that, he had no other option, for no amount of scheming could compete with her heart, which was filled with love for Ye Junqing.
After turning off the light, a trace of defeat that no one could detect appeared on Li Yu’s face. In the darkness, he sneered, “Ye Junqing, I’ve never lost to you. From the beginning to the end, it’s always been her obsession with you that I’ve lost to. But no matter how deep the obsession, it can’t withstand disappointment over and over, right? If it truly can’t, then it only means you haven’t ruined yourself enough times!”
###Chapter 833: Chapter 833: There Is Only My Son Here! Chapter 833: Chapter 833: There Is Only My Son Here! However, fleeting pleasure couldn’t satisfy Li Yu’s heart; he had still underestimated the depth of their emotions.
Even though he had brainwashed Ye Junqing into believing his sister was a heartless woman and that their relationship was nothing but mutual torment, such deep fatigue couldn’t make Ye Junqing let go of her. Moved by her, he still took her home…
In the deep of the night, Li Yu was also greatly troubled, wondering how to truly let go?
…
The car slowly entered the Ye Family estate.
Gui Baili got out of the car and opened the door for Ye Xingguang, “Your Highness, have a good rest tonight. I will come to pick you up tomorrow morning.”
Ye Xingguang nodded, “Where will you be staying?”
“At the hotel,” Gui Baili pointed to the communicator ring on her ring finger, “If you need anything, just let me know. I’ll be at your service at any time.”
“Um, thank you for bringing me home.”
Gui Baili bowed, “Serving you is my duty. If you’re feeling down, take a bath, sleep, and try not to think about anything. If that’s not possible, you can go to the gym. When your body is tired, you won’t have time to worry about other things.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Ye Xingguang: “Is that from your own experience?”
Gui Baili admitted that it indeed was his experience, “Sometimes when I’m upset, I spend a few hours at the gym and then just sleep it off.”
Ye Xingguang forced a smile, “That’s because you haven’t experienced love, nor have you dealt with someone who tries to mend a brain.”
Otherwise, how could sleeping it off be any good? She was almost driven to death by Ye Junqing.
After Gui Baili left in his car, Ye Xingguang, looking at the bright moon, took a deep breath, stepped up, and entered the house.
Instead of heading straight upstairs, Ye Xingguang tiptoed to a room on the first floor. She wanted to check on the baby she rarely saw but, upon opening the door, she saw Ye Junqing standing in front of the incubation egg, sitting and staring at it.
Ye Xingguang was startled, and a sense of grievance immediately surged. She stared at the man standing in front of the incubation egg, her lips tightly pressed together in silence.
Ye Junqing turned towards the noise and saw her; it was as if he saw a ray of sunshine amidst dark clouds. But soon, Ye Junqing’s expression turned cold, his gaze could freeze someone solid, “What are you doing back here?”
Hearing his tone, Ye Xingguang got angry. Did this man really intend to sever all ties with her, now he wouldn’t even allow her to come home?
She had been wandering outside for more than a month, and he didn’t even bother to ask if she was doing well. His first words were so harsh. Ye Xingguang had her temper too. She muttered, “I didn’t come back for you. My dad, my mom, and my daughter are all here. I just came to see them.”
Ye Junqing glared at her fiercely, “Your daughter isn’t here! There’s only my son here!”
“Can you produce a son by yourself?”noveldrama
The nerve of this man! She had participated equally, and yet he wanted to deprive her of her right to be a mother.
Ye Xingguang initially wanted to go in and see the baby, but Ye Junqing’s expression was too foul and intimidating, exuding a strong aura of ‘keep out.’ Thinking it over, she felt too aggrieved and abandoned the idea, turning around to close the door, when her stomach grumbled. She realized she hadn’t eaten much that day.
She was so angry she didn’t even realize how hungry she was.
She decided to check the kitchen for something to eat, rummaged through the fridge, but found only raw vegetables and raw meat, and she didn’t know how to cook.
###Chapter 834: Chapter 834: He’s Not My Man! Chapter 834: Chapter 834: He’s Not My Man! Forget it, skipping a meal won’t kill me, Ye Xingguang thought as she closed the refrigerator door and was about to walk out of the kitchen. That’s when she saw Ye Junqing standing at the kitchen entrance like a great Buddha. It was now late November, and the weather outside was extremely cold, but it was nothing compared to the icy aura emanating from him.
“I’m hungry,” Ye Xingguang said in a particularly spineless manner, immediately wishing she could bite off her own tongue. What was she expecting? That he would make her a steak? As if that dog of a man would make her a steak now.
As expected, Ye Junqing’s expression was cold and merciless as he spoke, “What’s it to me? If you want to eat, go find Li Yu! Isn’t he your dear ‘Brother Yu’? Why aren’t you at the hospital with him? What are you doing back here?”
“He’s not my man!”
After she spoke, her nose soured, and she took steps toward the kitchen door, pushing past his obstructive body, trying to leave.
Ye Junqing reached out and grasped her wrist.
Ye Xingguang glared at his action, looking up, her eyes meeting his frosty gaze. The force with which he was holding her wrist was heavy, and she couldn’t help but frown lightly, “It hurts.”
But he didn’t let go because of her words. Instead, he tightened his grip as if he intended to crush her wrist. Ye Xingguang raised her voice, “It hurts!”
Only then did Ye Junqing let go, his voice exceptionally cold, “Don’t appear in front of me!”
Otherwise, he feared he wouldn’t be able to resist the urge to pull her into his arms.
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang’s heart ached terribly. She looked at him stubbornly and in disbelief, “Ye Junqing, rest assured, if I run into you again, I’ll be a little dog! I just came back tonight to pack my things! Not to stay! I’m going upstairs to pack now! You can be assured!”
After saying that, she stormed upstairs, and the moment she reached the top, tears uncontrollably streamed down her face.
She roughly wiped the corner of her eyes, jerk!
In three minutes, she had packed her luggage, and then, carrying her suitcase, she went downstairs.
Ye Junqing was still standing at the entrance of the kitchen. Seeing her descend with her suitcase and walk out toward the door, he thought he could finally stop being bothered, but the next second, he couldn’t control his feet and followed after her.
Stepping out of the villa’s gate, he realized her figure had already disappeared into the night.noveldrama
Ye Junqing’s heart was suddenly in a frenzy, striding out of the yard, searching for her in each direction.
On the road outside the yard, her figure was nowhere to be seen as well. Beneath the streetlight, the cement pavement was eerily empty, while the sound of crickets only highlighted the quietness of the night.
Where is she?
Ye Xingguang squatted in the villa’s corner, hugging her knees, burying her head deeply into them, unable to stop the tears even as she tried to swallow them. It was cold, she was hungry, and even more aggrieved. Was she too cheap, unable to leave despite how he drove her away?
Why couldn’t he just trust her a little more?
Is this what other people’s relationships are like? Breaking up over the smallest disagreements?
Doesn’t he realize how much she missed him while she was at sea these days?
She thought that after she returned, she would be able to reunite in his arms, where a brief parting would lead to greater fondness, but why did reality have to slap her so hard? She didn’t want her emotions to sour, didn’t want the holy tree to pry into her privacy, but the sadness was overwhelming, beyond her control. How should men and women interact to avoid conflicts? Isn’t there someone who can teach her?
###Chapter 835: Chapter 835: Little Starlight, You Are in for a Treat Chapter 835: Chapter 835: Little Starlight, You Are in for a Treat Ye Xingguang had been chasing along the quiet road for a long time without seeing anyone, which struck him as odd. He turned around and headed back.
The sound of a car approaching from afar grew louder. Tang Zhou was driving back from outside. As he passed by Ye Xingguang, he hit the brakes, rolled down the window, and leaned out from inside the car, honking the horn, “Bro Ye! Bro Ye! Where have you been these days? Do you know that I’ve been waiting for you to save me every day, and in the end, it was Li Yu who came to my rescue!”
With the car window rolled down, a strong aroma wafted through the air. Ye Xingguang, standing outside the car, asked, “Is there anything to eat in the car?”
“Wow! Bro Ye, you have such a good nose! Barbecue, beer, spicy hot pot, vermicelli casserole, brown sugar rice cakes, take-out hot pot, and milk tea…”
In recent days, Tang Zhou had eaten so much seafood that he had been craving something spicy, and now that he was back on land, he couldn’t wait to buy all the foods he had been longing to eat underwater, even if it was just for a whiff, with no concern whether he’d finish it all.noveldrama
“Give it all to me.”
“Why?” Tang Zhou protested. “I drove all over town to find these, all from famous old-brand shops in the capital. If you want to eat, can’t you have someone else buy it for you? I want these for myself!”
Ye Xingguang looked at him with dangerous eyes, “Do you think you can finish it all?”
“Even if I can’t, I won’t give it to you!”
“Leave the brown sugar rice cakes, the take-out hot pot, and the milk tea. You can keep the rest for yourself.”
“Bro Ye, you’re too cunning. Why don’t you ask me to leave the spicy hot pot and vermicelli casserole for you too?”
Actually, Tang Zhou was reluctant to give away the spicy hot pot and vermicelli casserole. He would at most part with a skewer of grilled squid, and that was only because he had eaten too much of it underwater.
Ye Xingguang stood outside the car and repeated with a chilling voice, “Leave the brown sugar rice cakes, the take-out hot pot, and the milk tea. Don’t make me say it a third time!”
Tang Zhou clenched his teeth in frustration, “Bro Ye, you can’t possibly finish the take-out hot pot by yourself. Let’s eat it together, okay? We could even go to your place. I can’t compromise any further! Touch my hot pot, and I’ll cut ties with you!”
With a grim expression, Ye Xingguang didn’t speak, and both men took a step back, reaching an uncomfortable compromise.
“Bro Ye, get in the car. I’ll take you.”
“You go ahead to my place, and I’ll walk back.”
After Tang Zhou drove away, Ye Xingguang continued his search along the path. With no sight of the person he was looking for, he became increasingly distressed. Damn it, where did she run off to? When he told her to leave, she just left; when he told her to mistrust Li Yu’s act, why didn’t she believe him?
A gust of cold wind lifted the fallen leaves off the ground and brushed against his face, darkening Ye Xingguang’s already somber complexion. It was so cold—where could she be?
Tang Zhou drove into the courtyard of Ye Xingguang’s villa, turned left, and parked in the lot. As soon as he stepped out of the car, he saw someone crouched in the corner of the wall, which startled him in the dim light.
“Oh my goodness, you gave me such a scare. My dear Queen, what are you doing squatting here with your suitcase? Aren’t you cold? Hey, what’s wrong, have you been crying? Did someone bully you, was it Bro Ye?”
Tang Zhou crouched in front of Ye Xingguang, reached out, and nudged her head.
Ye Xingguang looked up, knocked Tang Zhou’s hand away, and didn’t want to speak.
Tang Zhou tried to pull her up, “Little Xingguang, you’re in for a treat. I bought lots of food—let’s go have hot pot. Want milk tea? Even though I only bought one, but what’s our relationship? I’ll give it to you. Come on, get in the car and help me with the stuff.”
###Chapter 836: Chapter 836: Turns Out He Also Knows How to Rob Food for Her Chapter 836: Chapter 836: Turns Out He Also Knows How to Rob Food for Her Ye Xingguang didn’t want to move; she was very hungry but didn’t want to eat anything, feeling utterly fed up.
Tang Zhou could only continue squatting next to her, lining up like brothers: “What exactly happened? Holy shit! Don’t tell me Qing thinks you really plan to get engaged to Li Yu? Haven’t you told Qing that you two were just putting on an act?”
Ye Xingguang was filled with anger: “Would he believe it? In his mind, I’ve already cuckholded him with seven or eight guys!”noveldrama
Seeing Ye Junqing walk into the yard, her voice grew loud with spite: “Not seven or eight, seventeen or eighteen! Anyway, as long as I stand with Li Yu, I’m immediately a ‘slut!’ Whether I cheat or not, it’s the same!”
“Holy shit! Qing is going too far! I’ll go talk to Qing! There’s nothing going on between you and that Li Yu; didn’t Li Yu say he only sees you as a childhood friend? He also mentioned getting you out of the sea first, then figuring out next steps afterward!”
Tang Zhou and Li Yu chatted on the plane and felt that Li Yu was a decent guy.
Since Li Yu was also a doctor, Tang Zhou talked with him about many medical things he wanted to know, and when they sidetracked to discussing inherited diseases, Li Yu mentioned that currently, about 0.5 billion people in the world have such diseases, but fewer than a million were willing to undergo surgery. Most people avoid discussing their bodies altogether, keeping their conditions tightly hidden, living alone or finding happiness if their partner can accept it.
After discussing this topic with Li Yu, he suddenly thought that if his assistant was willing to accept his condition, he might not want surgery to cut open his body either. He was always very scared, and since even the issue with having children was already solved by the government!
Ye Junqing searched for a while and couldn’t find anyone until he walked into the yard and saw the two squatting in the corner. When he heard their accusations, his heart suddenly covered with icy frost, his gaze dropping onto them without a hint of warmth.
Tang Zhou also saw Ye Junqing and immediately got up, smacking his butt, saying: “Qing, I can vouch for Little Xingguang. Even though Little Xingguang was rescued from the sea by that Li Yu, isn’t it your own fault you weren’t able to rescue her? Even though the people of the underwater kingdom believe Li Yu is going to marry Little Xingguang, Li Yu himself said he just wanted to rescue her from the sea, honestly. I think you’ve misunderstood Little Xingguang. You should come and apologize to Little Xingguang, and after apologizing, let’s all go for hot pot!”
But Ye Junqing was too indignant to even bother with the two of them, striding into the house!
A chilling cold air surrounded everything!
Tang Zhou: “!!!”
Does Qing even know how to appease his wife?
A man who does wrong can’t even apologize and make up for it. It’s impossible to compare him with his own subordinate who would apologize even when not at fault!
Tang Zhou pulled Ye Xingguang saying, “Little Xingguang, let’s go for hot pot. When you’re feeling down, you should eat well. I bought barbecue, beer, spicy hot pot, glass noodles casserole, brown sugar rice cakes, takeaway hot pot, plus bubble tea… I ran into Qing on the road just now. He even wanted to loot my brown sugar rice cakes, takeaway hot pot, and bubble tea. I thought he wanted to loot it for himself to eat, but now I understand, he probably wanted to loot it for you to eat! So you see, Qing still cares about you.”
Ye Xingguang’s heart felt utterly cold, but upon hearing Tang Zhou’s words, she couldn’t help but think, so he still remembers to loot food for her.
###Chapter 837: Chapter 837 His Brain Supplement Story is Really Lousy Chapter 837: Chapter 837 His Brain Supplement Story is Really Lousy Tang Zhou dragged Ye Xingguang along, “Let’s go, let’s go, let’s have hot pot, there’s no problem that can’t be solved with a hot pot meal, little Xingguang, are you really not eating? If you don’t eat, should I eat all by myself? We’ve got shrimp paste, snowflake beef, mutton…”
Tang Zhou listed a bombardment of delicious foods in rapid succession, “You’re not eating? Are you sure you’re not eating? If you don’t eat, should I eat all by myself?”
“Eat! Why wouldn’t I eat? If I starved to death, who would care?” Ye Xingguang got up but didn’t want to go inside, “Let’s eat at your place, I’ve never been to your house.”
“Uh… okay, let’s eat at my place.”
Tang Zhou drove, pulling Ye Xingguang to his villa, then hurriedly set up the shabu-shabu pot, plugged it in, poured in the hot pot seasonings, arranged all the delicious food on the table, and then brought out two cups, pouring two glasses of ice-cold beer.
“Little Xingguang, here, let’s have a toast.”
Ye Xingguang grabbed the full glass of beer and downed it in one go, with such speed that Tang Zhou wasn’t sure whether he should pour her a second glass.
After a moment’s thought, Tang Zhou still grabbed some yogurt from the refrigerator and poured her a glass, “Here, little Xingguang, let’s enjoy the mutton slices. Don’t just drink, this hot pot is the tastiest in the capital, I guarantee you’ll want more once you’ve tried it.”
Ye Xingguang swallowed down two slices of beef but was still feeling anxious, she reached for a cup and poured herself another beer, now she really wanted to drink.
“Hey, little Xingguang, slow down on the alcohol. Tomorrow I’ll properly scold Qing Ge für you, this must be a misunderstanding. Once the misunderstanding is cleared up tomorrow, I’ll have Qing Ge come and apologize to you.”
“What misunderstanding? Do you know what he said, Tang Zhou? He actually told me that he had already experienced a lifetime with me, in that lifetime, he played a tyrannical CEO who imprisoned me, kept me confined for seven years, but during those seven years no matter how much he tried to win my affection, he never gained my love, and in the end, I ran off with Li Yu. Can you believe that?”
“What? This… Are you saying that my Qing Ge is like those reincarnators from comics? Holy shit, for real? You actually dumped my Qing Ge?” Tang Zhou was shocked but couldn’t hide his excitement for the gossip.
“What are you talking about? That’s impossible! He made up a story that doesn’t fit my character at all! He said he couldn’t win my heart even after imprisoning me for seven years, who does he think he is? If I didn’t like him, not to mention seven years, even seven months wouldn’t be enough to keep me confined! And he said I ran off with Li Yu, how could I run off with Li Yu? I’ve always seen Li Yu as a childhood friend, how could I possibly marry him?”
Ye Xingguang felt incredibly frustrated inside, “It’s just because of his made-up story. Every time he sees me with Li Yu, he’s like a ticking time bomb ready to explode. Today he even wished me and Li Yu to have kids soon, he wants to break up with me!”
After saying that, Ye Xingguang downed another glass of beer and roughly wiped the corner of her eye, “Does he think I’m desperate für him? Does he think I’m desperate für him? He’s the one who’s shameful! The most shameful ever! Why did I end up with him?”
Tang Zhou touched his nose, “So you’re not desperate for my Qing Ge?”
“I…” Ye Xingguang really wanted to say she wasn’t desperate, but the words got stuck in her throat.
In the end, she gloomily fished out a shrimp paste from the hot pot, put it in her mouth, and continued to feel stifled inside. After finishing the whole shrimp paste, she looked at Tang Zhou with moist eyes, “Tang Zhou, is it really impossible that I’m the shameless woman from his made-up trashy plot? Can you tell him to stop making these stories up? His made-up stories are really terrible, so fake!”
[An Ying: That’s all für the update today, I’ll continue tomorrow, muah, do you have any monthly tickets left? Asking für monthly tickets, asking für monthly tickets~~]noveldrama
###Chapter 838: Chapter 838: Mutual Understanding Chapter 838: Chapter 838: Mutual Understanding “Ah, this, I don’t even know what to do? Perhaps Brother Qing has been under too much work pressure lately, so he likes to overthink things. Xingguang, just don’t panic for now, Brother Qing definitely cares about you…” Tang Zhou didn’t know how to comfort her further: “Hotpot, hotpot, hotpot.”
Ye Xingguang stirred vigorously with her chopsticks in the hotpot: “Of course I know he cares about me, otherwise, I wouldn’t have come back to take his nonsense. I am just angry, why can’t he trust me more, why can’t he have more faith in our relationship?”
At this, Tang Zhou realized that he might not be suited for heart-to-heart talks to relieve others’ distress. How could he help Xingguang?
Just as he was unsure of what to do, he looked up and saw his long-unseen follower had already changed into slippers and was walking towards them.
Tang Zhou seemed to see a savior: “Ow ow ow, my Crown Prince, your long-lost brother has returned. Let him help you sort this out! Big boss Leng, come quickly, comfort your sister; she and Brother Qing are having a tiff, and your sister is totally wronged!”
Leng Chenmo had heard their voices while changing shoes at the door. After hanging up his coat on the rack and washing his hands, he dried them and walked into the dining hall. Seeing the two eating hotpot, he grabbed a small plate, prepared some seasonings, and sat down to join them.
Having not seen Tang Zhou for a month, Leng Chenmo was relieved to find that Tang hadn’t lost weight, and seemed to have gained a bit. It seemed he wasn’t doing too badly this past month.
Ye Xingguang, blowing her nose harshly with a tissue and wiping her nose, called out: “Brother.”
“Uh-huh,” Leng Chenmo responded.
He had already inquired about the incident from those who were present. Indeed, Ye Junqing had lost control in a jealous rage and even hit someone, voluntarily proposing a breakup, which was simply mindless and exasperating.
However, Leng Chenmo pondered: “What did you just mention about reincarnation?”
Tang Zhou, with a face full of gossipy excitement: “Ow ow ow, little follower, you have no idea, Brother Qing, I don’t know if he’s been reading too many reincarnation novels, but he imagines himself as a reborn big shot, saying Xingguang used to be a scumbag who mistreated him, and after that ran off with Li Yu. It’s just like the reincarnation novels and comics I usually read, haha, who’d have thought Brother Qing would be such a fantasist.”
“Hehe,” Chenmo watched as Tang Zhou laughed joyfully, and merely joined in with a cryptic chuckle twice.
Then, Leng reached into the pot, scooped up a boneless chicken foot, and placed it on a small plate in front of Tang Zhou before saying to Ye Xingguang: “Eat some hotpot, then go back to sleep. Tomorrow, I’ll help you deal with Ye Junqing.”
“Yeah,” facing the taciturn and serious brother like Leng Chenmo, she couldn’t be as carefree as she was with Tang Zhou, and forced herself to calm down.
Chen Mo continued: “However, Ye Junqing spent a lot of effort this past month trying to become the heir to the vampire clan. He was afraid of losing you, became overly sensitive and acted out. You should be more understanding. Some things, just listen and let them go, don’t take them seriously. It’s just spur-of-the-moment temper, nothing but desperately maintaining some pitiful pride and self-esteem. Maybe when he calms down and thinks back on his foolish words, he’ll regret it so much he’d want to slap himself quietly, but you wouldn’t know that. Just try to understand each other a bit more.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang nodded: “I understand all that. I came back tonight wanting to give both him and myself an out, but then he had to wear a grim face and speak cold words, and I couldn’t control my temper.”
###Chapter 839: Chapter 839: The Level is Too High Chapter 839: Chapter 839: The Level is Too High Shen Mo said, “Everyone is still angry, so let’s all calm down and not meet Li Yu for now. Tomorrow I will visit him at the hospital on your behalf. How serious are his injuries?”
“The doctor said he has gastrointestinal bleeding and needs to be hospitalized. He was injured by my man, how can I just ignore that? What kind of person would that make me?”
Tang Zhou added from the side, “Yes, I was planning to accompany Ye Xingguang to the hospital tomorrow to visit Li Yu. After all, he was injured by Shen Mo, and it’s obvious that Shen Mo himself won’t go to apologize. Tomorrow, I’ll apologize on Shen Mo’s behalf. Ye Xingguang, let’s go together.”
“Okay.”
Just as Ye Xingguang spoke, the communication ring on her middle finger lit up. She touched the ring and successfully unlocked it with her fingerprint. A virtual interface appeared on her hand, and Li Yu’s face showed up on the virtual screen.
“Little sis, you don’t have to bring me breakfast tomorrow morning; I’ve already been discharged. Just take care of yourself.”
Ye Xingguang was stunned, “Brother Yu, how could you be discharged already? The doctor said you have gastrointestinal bleeding and must be hospitalized for more than a week. How will your body cope with being discharged now?”
“Let it be. Staying here might cause you inconvenience. My mission of bringing you up from the seabed is complete. Staying would not only not help you, but I might even make things worse. You should explain things well to Shen Mo, and I hope you can reconcile as before. So, stop crying. You look really ugly when you cry,” Li Yu said disdainfully, smiling on the virtual screen. “On January 1st, your coronation ceremony, I won’t be attending. You’re so capable, about to become a queen in the blink of an eye, but I’ll leave the position of the male empress to Shen Mo. I’ve prepared a wedding gift for you which the guards will bring tomorrow. Also, these two communication rings engraved with our names, you wanted to get rid of them to avoid misunderstandings with Shen Mo, right? I will have the guards bring them to you tomorrow as well. It’s so tiring and cautious to be in a relationship like this, I don’t even know what to say to you anymore. Forget it, as the saying goes, ‘Only you know if the water you’re drinking is warm or cold.’ As long as you feel happy, that’s good enough. Hanging up now.”
Hearing this, Ye Xingguang felt incredibly guilty, “Brother Yu, wait, the doctor said you’re not supposed to be discharged yet…”
“I’ve already been discharged, I’m at the high-speed train station now, about to get on the train. Alright, I’ve given the communication ring to the guards. Pass on a message to Uncle Song for me, I won’t say goodbye in person. Farewell.”
After that, the screen went dark.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was filled with self-reproach. After a long time of deliberation, she still felt uneasy and tried to call back, insisting that Li Yu should heal his injury before leaving. However, a guard appeared on the screen instead, “Where is Brother Yu?”
“Your Highness the Queen, Mr. Li has already boarded the high-speed train, which has departed,” the guard reported respectfully through the virtual screen.
Sitting beside her eating hot pot, Tang Zhou couldn’t help but say, “This Li Yu, he’s really a good person, leaving at this time shows he’s got great character. Ye Xingguang, you’ve really got a loyal childhood friend, nothing left to say. Right, henchman?”
Shen Mo didn’t say a word, only secretly mourning for Shen Mo in his heart. His rival had played his cards too well; by leaving like this, he had left a burden of guilt that would forever weigh on his sister’s heart, and Shen Mo remained oblivious, only knowing how to brood in anger.
Shen Mo added more food into Tang Zhou’s bowl, “Try this, it’s not bad.”
After that, he addressed Ye Xingguang, who was full of remorse, “Since your childhood friend has intentionally made himself scarce, you should get along even better with Shen Mo. Do not waste his sincere goodwill.”
###Chapter 840: Chapter 840 We Might Need a Short Separation to Reignite the Passion Chapter 840: Chapter 840 We Might Need a Short Separation to Reignite the Passion After finishing his words, Shen Mo took out his phone and sent a message to Ye Junqing: “Come to Xiao Zhou’s house, now.”
There was no reply for a long while after the message was sent.
Shen Mo was frustrated to the point of hate, left the living room, and stepped outside to call Ye Junqing. He had to dial several times before the call was answered. Ye Junqing’s voice trembled slightly and also sounded very cold, “What’s up?”
“Come over, coax your wife. What love can’t withstand the most is neglect; otherwise, even the most passionate perseverance will be worn away. Moreover, Li Yu has already left. The other party has tactically retreated, leaving a perfect good impression in the girl’s heart. If you continue to act indifferent, confident that she won’t leave, be careful you’ll chill her heart to the core! Let me tell you, a woman is like a cat; you can treat her well a hundred times, but if you do it wrong once, the previous ninety-nine good deeds will have been for nothing,” Shen Mo deliberately spoke very sternly, hoping this pigheaded brother-in-law would take it to heart.
But Ye Junqing was struggling with a flare-up of an old illness due to the strong emotional upheaval. He was so physically discomforted that he couldn’t take in Shen Mo’s advice and abruptly dismissed him with, “Let her do whatever she wants.”noveldrama
After speaking, he hung up the phone directly.
Shen Mo, looking at the disconnected call, was also fired up, thinking it wasn’t his love life that was troubled, so why should he fret over it!
Ye Junqing angrily threw his phone aside. Right now, he was in his family’s mermaid swimming pool while living in a villa that currently housed his father-in-law and mother-in-law. Now that he had relapsed, he couldn’t ask them to leave, so he had to remove himself and stay alone in the uninhabited mermaid swimming pool. He felt so resentful that the last thing he wanted to do was to coax someone else.
Right now, he was the one who should be coaxed!
Angry enough to wish he could flay and strip the tail off a certain damned little mermaid, possess her over and over—perhaps then his heart, consumed by raging fury, could find a moment of peace.
On the other side, after finishing the hotpot, Tang Zhou said, “Xingguang, you should stay here tonight, so as to avoid getting upset by Brother Qing. Besides, you have your luggage with you, you have your toiletries and pajamas, right?”
Ye Xingguang stared at the suitcase she had forgotten in the corner of the living room. In truth, there was nothing in the suitcase.
Ye Junqing had told her never to appear before him again. She had grabbed the suitcase for the sake of her pride, “No thank you, I should go back. Staying here would disturb you.”
“Not at all, I have plenty of rooms,” Tang Zhou said.
But Shen Mo had made a phone call, came in from outside, and said, “I don’t think it’s very convenient.”
Tang Zhou: “…”
What the heck, this is your sister, although not by blood, she’s still raised by your parents, and you’re so heartless you won’t let her stay?
Shen Mo said, “You send her back. Tonight, we might need a separation to make the heart grow fonder; it’s likely to get a bit noisy.”
That remark was evocative.
Tang Zhou’s face turned red, and he jumped up, saying, “What the heck are you blabbering about?”
Ye Xingguang could no longer bear it; it was too much of a public display of affection. She said, “I know how to get back on my own, I’ll be leaving now.”
After saying that, she picked up her suitcase and quickly left. Comparatively, Tang Zhou was welcomed back to affection, while she had to face Ye Junqing’s rejection. She didn’t want to go back to the villa at all right now. What for, to see his mood?
In the depths of the night, Ye Xingguang wandered alone in the estate. The late November weather was very cold, but a certain man’s face was even colder. Rather than return to see his icy countenance, she preferred to spend the night in the swimming pool.
###Chapter 841: Chapter 841: Panicking Like Crazy Chapter 841: Chapter 841: Panicking Like Crazy Thinking about it, she pulled her suitcase towards the swimming pavilion. From a distance, she admired the beautiful Mermaid Swimming Pavilion and recalled those wonderful times. She remembered Leng Chenmo’s words—he hadn’t been idle this past month and had put forth a lot of effort…
She admired him for actually getting all the vampire clan leaders to rebel and jointly elect him as the successor.
But he was too detestable, what a foul temper, always wanting to break it off with her at the slightest disagreement!
Forget it, she didn’t want to think about it anymore; she was so tired now.
Ye Xingguang pushed open the door of the Mermaid Swimming Pavilion, placed her suitcase on the first floor, then began to ascend the stairs. Halfway up, a sudden abdominal pain struck her. She clutched the stair railing, standing quietly for a moment, but instead of easing, the pain worsened.
Ye Xingguang, writhing in pain, sat down on the steps; she couldn’t catch her breath and started seeing spots before her eyes while her body broke out in cold sweat.
“Ouch…” Without realizing it, she moaned out loud.
Shen Mo lay on the second floor’s tatami, also feeling uncomfortable. At that moment, he faintly heard a soft moan. Thinking it was a hallucination, he paid it no mind, but the intermittent sound tugged at his heightened senses.
After his old illness recurred, his sensory cells became particularly sensitive. He could easily capture the signals emitted from people around him. Now he detected someone’s presence very close by, and that presence was…
Shen Mo furrowed his brow as he got up, taking steps and walked out.noveldrama
Looking down, he saw some damned little mermaid tail sitting in the middle of the staircase, clutching her stomach, apparently doing something.
Shen Mo walked down with a cold face, his voice remarkably icy, “What are you doing sitting here?”
Ye Xingguang lifted her head, her vision darkened, and for a long while she couldn’t see anything clearly. She could only vaguely sense a cold and tall figure standing before her, like someone with 900-degree myopia looking at the world, blurred. But she recognized the voice, it was Shen Mo.
She reached out and grabbed the hem of his trousers, trying to stand up, but as she tried to do so, the world spun and she staggered unsteadily.
Shen Mo’s expression was frosty and utterly devoid of warmth, obviously still resentful and not in the mood to bother with her. Seeing her grasp his trouser leg, he seemed to want to avoid her by lifting his leg, but the moment he lifted his leg, Ye Xingguang collapsed…
Her body tilted and fell straight down.
Shen Mo didn’t react initially, as it was dark and he hadn’t observed how pale her face was. By the time he reacted to catch her, it was already too late; she rolled down the stairs right before his eyes.
Shen Mo’s brow twitched fiercely.
“Xingguang…”
Shen Mo called out, bracing himself on the railing and leaping down, arriving at the bottom of the stairs before her, frantically trying to catch her.
Ye Xingguang rolled down the stairs, her head hitting Shen Mo’s stomach forcefully at the end.
Shen Mo was terrified, after catching her he was still shaken, he helped her up to check her over, “How are you, where did you hit?”
Ye Xingguang was dizzy and nauseous, barely able to speak before a surge of gastric acid rose. Pushing him away, she vomited, expelling everything she had eaten that night.
Damn it! After she finished vomiting, Shen Mo scooped her up in his arms, carrying her briskly out, his heart racing with panic.
###Chapter 842: Chapter 842: I Just Want to Wipe Your Sweat Chapter 842: Chapter 842: I Just Want to Wipe Your Sweat When Ye Xingguang’s vision at last cleared and her stomach no longer hurt as much, she realized she was already in the car. Ye Junqing was driving with one hand on the steering wheel and the other occasionally touching her face. He was also speaking into his earpiece, “Yes, no fever, rolled down the stairs, then threw up, broke out in a cold sweat, not sure if there’s a concussion.”
Every time Ye Junqing touched her face with his hand, which normally felt warm, it was now as cold as an iron brand, chilling to the bone. Ye Xingguang shivered from the cold and couldn’t help but complain, “Why are your hands so cold?”
Ye Junqing was still on the phone, and after something was said through the earpiece, he responded, “Alright, five minutes tops, wait for me at the emergency room entrance!”
Ye Junqing had already floored the accelerator. After midnight, even the traffic lights were off, and the roads were nearly empty. He sped along the road, ignoring the several times his speeding was captured by traffic cameras. He adjusted his earpiece, ended the call, and then reached out to ruffle her hair.
“Your hands are really cold.” Ye Xingguang caught his hand and found his palm was all sweaty.
Ye Junqing didn’t pay her any mind. He felt awful too. Actually, he was in no condition to drive, but he couldn’t find any bodyguards at midnight. Waiting for them would be a waste of time, so Ye Junqing had no choice but to summon all his willpower and focus on driving.
The woman beside him was like poison, igniting his desire for her. Ye Junqing forced himself not to look at her.
Ye Xingguang sat up straight, a foul taste in her mouth. She searched the car for tissues to wipe it.
Now, with a clear view and no more stomach pain – after throwing up, her stomach had settled – she felt fine. Only her arms hurt from tumbling down the stairs, but the pain wasn’t severe; it would pass with some endurance.
It was him, though, with beads of sweat the size of peas on his forehead. Ye Xingguang pulled out a tissue and wiped his forehead for him.
Ye Junqing shouted at her, “Don’t touch me!”
“I was just trying to wipe your sweat.”
“Stay away from me!” Ye Junqing’s breath was heavy.
Right now, his insides felt as if they were roasting over a fire while his limbs seemed to be tossed onto the icy glaciers of the Arctic, experiencing a clash of extreme heat and cold. His blood boiled and raged within him, desperate to devour her, yet here she was reaching out to tempt him!noveldrama
But Ye Xingguang kept wiping. Ye Junqing’s voice was low and hoarse, “I told you not to touch me!”
“Why are you yelling? Your forehead is covered in sweat. I’m just trying to help you wipe it off.”
Ye Xingguang’s eyes reddened as she finished speaking. Then, as if she realized something, she placed her hand on his forehead and grabbed his arm, only to find his entire body cold and trembling. She gasped in shock, “Are you… are you having another flare-up of your old ailment? Stop the car; I’m fine now, no need for the hospital, I’m much better.”
Ye Junqing ignored her, his speed had already soared to the limit. The image of her rolling down the stairs was still vivid in his mind, causing him lingering trepidations. Why hadn’t he caught her?
“Stop the car already, driving so fast is dangerous, you might crash. I’m really okay; let me drive.”
Let her drive? Creeping down the road at thirty miles per hour like a snail?
Having experienced her driving once, he felt like he was on the verge of a heart attack; sitting in the passenger seat, he was tempted to curse the entire way.
###Chapter 843: Chapter 843: If You Dare Come Down, I’ll Beat You to Death! Chapter 843: Chapter 843: If You Dare Come Down, I’ll Beat You to Death! “Five minutes,” Ye Junqing had said, but in three he’d driven the car to the emergency room entrance. He climbed out, slammed the driver’s door hard, then went around to the passenger side to scoop out Ye Xingguang.
“I can walk by myself. I’m fine now. Instead, it’s you…”
Before Ye Xingguang could finish her sentence, Ye Junqing kicked shut the passenger door, picked her up in a bridal carry, and strode quickly into the emergency room where the doctors were already standing by.
He placed her on a gurney, shook his head, and said, “Get her checked. She fell down the stairs and was unconscious for a full two minutes, her gaze unfocused, vomiting, and breaking out in a cold sweat…”
The doctor wrote up an order and told Ye Junqing to go register. He took it and was about to do so when he caught a glimpse of her attempting to get off the gurney. Suddenly, a fierce glare shot her way, “If you dare to get down, I’ll beat you to death!”
Ye Xingguang’s foot had already touched the ground, but at his words, she quickly withdrew it.
Seeing this, Ye Junqing strode out of the emergency room to the registration desk.
Xu Ya approached the mobile bed and checked Ye Xingguang’s arms and legs to make sure none were dislocated or fractured. Then, using a special ophthalmoscope, she checked Ye Xingguang’s eyes before asking, “Besides falling down the stairs, is there anything else?”
“Dr. Xu, I’m fine now. I just suddenly felt a sharp pain in my stomach earlier. It was terribly painful, and then I felt dizzy and blurred; after vomiting, I felt much better.”
Xu Ya pressed her hands on Ye Xingguang’s stomach, “Where does it hurt, here, here, or here?”
“Here.” Ye Xingguang pressed the spot that had previously hurt.
“What did you eat tonight?”
“Hotpot, beer, milk, and brown sugar rice cakes…”
Xu Ya glanced at her, “Hotpot again? Have you forgotten about the acute gastroenteritis from last time? The vomiting and diarrhea?”
Lying on the mobile bed, Ye Xingguang’s concerns dwelled on Ye Junqing, whose old illness had flared up. But with the hospital busy with people coming and going, she just wanted to get the stubborn man who insisted on coming here out of the place. “Doctor, I’m really fine. Please let me go…”
In the midst of speaking, Ye Junqing had already completed the registration and returned to hand the form to the emergency room nurse, then walked towards her.
Xu Ya continued pressing on her stomach, “Does it hurt like this?”
“It doesn’t hurt.”noveldrama
“What about now?”
“Still doesn’t hurt.”
Xu Ya concluded, “We’ll draw some blood first and do an ultrasound. You have a sensitive stomach, so you should really avoid hotpot and spicy food. It could be an acute gastric spasm. Nurse, come draw some blood. I’ll write up an ultrasound order to check if there’s anything else.”
Ye Junqing stood by, his face stern and silent.
Before leaving, Xu Ya glanced at Ye Junqing, “What’s wrong with you? You look worse than she does. Lie down, and I’ll check you.”
“No need.” Ye Junqing waved his hand, his face frosty, “Just go write up her form.”
At that moment, the head nurse came over to draw blood from Ye Xingguang. Seeing the needle pierce her hand, Ye Junqing’s heart clenched as if the needle had entered his own heart. Subconsciously, he reached out to cover her eyes.
Watching her red blood being drawn, something primal stirred within Ye Junqing, like a beast longing to break out of its cage, desperate to suck in a breath. Damn it, he clenched his hand tightly, letting the pain of his nails digging into his skin provide a moment of lucidity.
###Chapter 844: Chapter 844: Why Don’t You Bite Me? Chapter 844: Chapter 844: Why Don’t You Bite Me? Xu Ya returned with the form and handed it to Ye Junqing, “Building 3, second floor, take her straight to get the ultrasound. But are you sure you don’t need me to check on you?”
“No.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing, surrounded by an unwelcoming cold aura, took the ultrasound form and was about to pick up the woman from the hospital bed when Ye Xingguang jumped down, snatched the form from his hands, and said, “You stay in the car outside. I can go get the ultrasound myself, Building 3, second floor, I can find it.”
After speaking, Ye Xingguang ran off, not wanting to waste any time. This man simply couldn’t stay in crowded places!
Ye Xingguang found Building 3 on the second floor, and though it was past midnight, there was still a couple ahead of her in line for the ultrasound room. They were chatting about how the girl had gallstone issues after eating barbecue that evening, while the boy hugged the girl, sitting on the hard chairs outside the ultrasound room.
There were other empty seats outside the ultrasound room. Ye Xingguang had just found a seat and sat down when the sound of leather shoes echoed from far to near.
Ye Junqing arrived a step behind, standing by her side against the wall, breathing heavily with his eyes closed.
Ye Xingguang nudged his waist, “Find somewhere with no people around. I’m fine here by myself, actually, it doesn’t hurt anymore. Listen to me.”
Ye Junqing’s burning gaze fixed on her, ignoring, his cold indifferent demeanor treating her words like air.
“Listen to me,” she urged, distressed. This guy was clearly in agony, his eyes even turning blood-red. She was anxious, yet there was no red stone nearby to help him. She wished she could immediately drag him home and soak the stone in water for him to drink.
Next to them, another couple was talking. The boy hugged the girl, letting her lean into his embrace, whispering, “Still hurts…it’s all my fault, I shouldn’t have asked you to have barbecue tonight. Baby, seeing you in pain kills me, come here…there, there…”
The girl, obviously in pain, frowned without speaking but leaned into the boy, filling him with the desire to protect her.
Ye Junqing squinted his eyes, finding the sight particularly irritating—both the men and women!
Heh…
Showing off love in the middle of the night, inviting a girl for barbecue in the dead of winter at such an hour—those boys are either short or broke!
Ye Junqing maliciously criticized in his mind!
Fortunately, the person before them had finished their ultrasound and the young couple went in, sparing Ye Junqing further irritation from their display. His tall frame leaned against the wall, pulling his coat around him, still feeling annoyed.
“You better sit down,” Ye Xingguang said, tugging at the icy man.
Ye Junqing, thinking of something nasty, looked down at her, “What daydreams are you making? Don’t expect me to hold and comfort you!”
Ye Xingguang thought of the couple as well and mumbled, “Who wants you to comfort me? Aren’t you tired of standing? Then let me hold and comfort you, how about that?”
After saying that, she wrapped her arms around his arms, pulling him to sit down, and hugged his trembling body. Even though her actions were childish, she couldn’t help but reach out to stroke his hair, saying, “Why don’t you bite me? One bite doesn’t count as breaking your vow.”
She knew that not drinking blood was his principle, “Anyway, once you become the heir and we’re married, you can get the antidote. Then you won’t have to endure this illness anymore. Drinking some blood for the last stretch won’t matter, just think of it as drinking bubble tea.”
Ye Xingguang forcefully rolled up her sleeves, revealing her white arm, and held it close to his mouth.
###Chapter 845: Chapter 845: I Can’t Breathe Anymore… Chapter 845: Chapter 845: I Can’t Breathe Anymore… Ye Junqing stared at her arm, the hue of his eyes suddenly darkened, not out of seduction by her fresh and vibrant scent, but because he noticed what seemed to be a bruise on her elbow. He grabbed her hand and rolled up her sleeve further, revealing more and more bruises.
A wave of regrettable pain surged through Ye Junqing’s heart. It must have been caused when she tumbled down the stairs. Now, he wished he could chop off his own legs. If only he hadn’t moved to avoid her at that time, she might not have fallen down the stairs.
Ye Xingguang also noticed the bruise on her elbow. She said, “It’s okay, I don’t even feel the pain. It will fade in a few days. Now, hurry up and take a bite.”
“Bite what?” Ye Junqing was furious inside, not knowing whether the anger was directed at her or himself, “If it’s nothing, why did you grab my pants? Don’t you know I have a bad temper? From now on, don’t you dare give me hot pot!”
The problem was, he was the one who had ordered hot pot to be delivered to the villa by Tang Zhou, insisting they eat it together! When she said she was hungry, why couldn’t he just lift a finger to make her something to eat? The regret in Ye Junqing’s heart was overwhelming. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have fallen from the staircase and gotten all injured!
Just after Ye Junqing had roared, the doctor inside the ultrasound room yelled out, “Keep it down outside! If you want to argue, go home. Don’t disturb the examination here.”
“Sorry, doctor.”
Ye Xingguang apologized to the ultrasound room, then looked up at the man with blood-shot eyes and tensed facial muscles.
In a low voice, she said, “Don’t worry about me, I’m really okay, it was better after I threw up… uh…”
Before she could finish, Ye Junqing had already tightly encircled her within his arms, holding her ever so tightly, as though scared she’d fall down the stairs again if not held close enough. His thin lips pressed against the back of her head, kissing her over and over.
“… Let go… I can’t breathe…” Ye Xingguang gasped, struggling to breathe in his tight embrace.
Ye Junqing, however, turned a deaf ear to her, his voice fiercely declared, “It’d be best if you died!”
“…”
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt a sting in her nose, “Li Yu and I really have nothing…”
“Shut up, I don’t want to listen!”
He dropped the cold remark, feeling it wasn’t expressive enough, “Say one more word, and I’ll strangle you!”
Ye Xingguang bit her lower lip, “Then you’re just wishing Li Yu and I have a baby soon. Don’t I even have the right to defend myself? There’s no justice…”
“You have no idea what I’m angry about!” Ye Junqing interrupted her.
His fists were clenched tightly, the veins on the backs of his hands terrifyingly bulging. Thinking about Li Yu’s back turned to her as he smiled at Ye Junqing, recalling Li Yu’s smugness, Ye Junqing felt like even the breath he exhaled could be ignited by the raging fury!
“Then what are you angry about, tell me?” Ye Xingguang tilted her head up, staring at his tense jawline.
But after waiting for a long time, she still did not get another word from him.
Inside the ultrasound room, the doctor said, “Next, you can come in now.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing let her go and took her into the ultrasound room. Another couple walked out, and then, Ye Junqing closed the door.
Getting an ultrasound checkup, since it was from the emergency department, they immediately received the results.
Ye Junqing took the results to show Xu Ya. After looking them over, Xu Ya said, “There’s no problem, but the blood test results haven’t come out yet. You guys wait here; based on my experience, it should be acute stomach cramps. Pay more attention to your diet in the future. Eat less cold, spicy, and greasy food to avoid recurrence.”
After speaking, out of professional instinct, Xu Ya took the stethoscope that was hanging around his neck, placed it over Ye Junqing’s body and listened. He felt sure that Ye Junqing was the one who was more seriously ill. But this check left him completely shocked!
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, will continue tomorrow, kisses, do you have any monthly tickets left? Asking for monthly tickets, asking for monthly tickets~~]
###Chapter 846: Chapter 846: Just Pretend to Be a Sacrifice for the Vampire Chapter 846: Chapter 846: Just Pretend to Be a Sacrifice for the Vampire “You have no pulse!” Xu Ya exclaimed in shock.
Ye Junqing’s eyes twisted, and he pushed Xu Ya away, striding out of the hospital emergency hall.
“Hey… Ye Junqing…”
“You must have heard it wrong, really.” Ye Xingguang seriously told Xu Ya, then, she hurried after him.
Ye Junqing opened the car door and sat inside, while Ye Xingguang opened the passenger door and followed him into the car.
While Ye Junqing adjusted the seat, he also flattened the passenger seat where she was sitting, and then, suddenly, he flipped her over and laid her down on the passenger seat. His cold hand directly pulled down her clothes from behind her shoulder, “Ah…”
The man bit down on her delicate shoulder, and tears immediately rolled out from her eyes. She instinctively wanted to resist, but her mind suddenly became quiet, and she stopped moving. Only when the taste of blood filled her mouth did Ye Junqing release his bite, panic-stricken, not knowing what he was doing.
The next moment, the man flipped her back over, his gaze utterly cold as he stared at her.
Ye Xingguang didn’t know why he stopped biting. She forcefully pulled at the clothes on her arm, exposing more of her shoulder, revealing patches of her flawless white skin, and her beautiful starry eyes stared into his deep dark pupils, “Go ahead and bite, it doesn’t hurt.”
In fact, it still hurt, but she could not think of any other way to help him relieve his discomfort.
“Um”
Ye Junqing’s entire body pressed down, focusing on her neck, and he fiercely left his mark. The intensity was as if he wanted to devour her whole. Ye Xingguang’s heart trembled, her hands having nowhere to rest, weakly pressed against the man’s back, her heart pounding fiercely, and in her mind, she kept thinking, don’t be afraid, don’t be afraid, just consider yourself a vampire’s sacrifice, this is her offering.
Ye Junqing’s whole body was cold, like a huge block of ice, the kind without any warmth, chilling her enough to make her shudder unexpectedly.
Because, the man’s hands were not idle at all, and very soon, she was utterly bare.
Thus, the silky skin pressed against a huge block of ice, that sensory stimulation, made every nerve ending in her become sensitive.
Xu Ya, who did not know when he had caught up, stood outside the car door. The car’s privacy was excellent, it was impossible to see clearly what was happening inside from the outside. Out of professional integrity, he stood by the car knocking, “Ye Junqing, I advise you to be admitted immediately, you need treatment.”
Of course, no one paid attention to him.
He wanted to find redemption, but he would find his own way to redemption. Xu Ya couldn’t help him.
Xu Ya stood outside yelling for quite a while, yet no one paid attention to him, but he noticed that the car had started to shake. With a man’s understanding, Xu Ya’s face immediately turned remarkably embarrassed.
Xu Ya coughed heavily outside the car, “Carry on.”
Then, he was about to leave quickly.
However, after walking a few steps, Xu Ya came back and said, “Neither of you are in particularly good health, you still need to be careful.”
Of course, still, no one paid attention to him.
Xu Ya touched his nose, then looked up at the sky; it was already the middle of the night, and today wasn’t even his shift. He wondered why he had to be tormented here, life was really too miserable.
Inside the car, Ye Xingguang thought she would be frozen solid by the great block of ice, but soon, her body began to burn up, it was heat, but also embarrassment. Xu Ya’s words made her feel utterly mortified.
This man, could he not bite more professionally? Now, was he trying to cure her or kill her?noveldrama
###Chapter 847: Chapter 847: Awesome, Amazing, Dedicated Chapter 847: Chapter 847: Awesome, Amazing, Dedicated She felt his brutality was no different from him wanting to kill her, so she couldn’t resist and pushed him blindly, “What are you doing, letting you bite me doesn’t mean I want you to…”
Before she could finish, Ye Junqing flipped her over again, and she was forced to lie on the seat, still mumbling, “I didn’t bring any cinnabar, you… this won’t relieve it… don’t think about using this opportunity… to vent your unspoken anger on me… sob sob…”
She wanted to say more, but the remaining words were overpowered by her sobbing cries…
Ye Junqing was determined not to let her have it easy. Previously, he was most afraid of her crying, but now, he wanted to hear her cry. Any other nonsense, he didn’t want to hear a word. The two of them, in the narrow car, he creatively declared his dominion over her.
The blood test results would be ready in half an hour. Xu Ya got the report first and saw that there wasn’t anything serious.
However, Xu Ya still prescribed some medication for Ye Xingguang. Meanwhile, another emergency room patient needed consultation, so Xu Ya got busy, and it was an hour later when he brought the medication to Ye Junqing’s car.
Standing outside the car, he still noticed the car shaking. Couldn’t these two find a nearby hotel, or just drive home?
“!!!!!” It was as if his words as a doctor went in one ear and out the other!
Xu Ya coughed heavily, standing outside the car, saying, “The blood test results are out, nothing serious. I’ve prescribed two bottles of medicine, put them on the dashboard for you. Also, this is a hospital, not your personal parking lot, so mind the disturbance!”noveldrama
At that moment, snowflakes silently began to float down from the sky.
Nurses, standing outside the door, excitedly exclaimed, “It’s snowing.”
Xu Ya looked up and saw the pitch-black sky, a snowflake landing on his nose. He adjusted his white coat and decisively returned to the warmth of the emergency hall.
At that time, Ye Junqing came out of the car, threw the medicine onto the dashboard inside the car, then walked into the emergency hall.
When he found Xu Ya, Xu Ya was holding a cup of hot milk tea in his hands.
“Yo, Mr. CEO, done entertaining yourself?” Xu Ya’s voice was sarcastically piercing, “After all that fun, you still look so pale. Are you working while sick? Impressive, hardcore, dedicated.”
Ye Junqing ignored his sarcasm, coolly stating, “One bottle of anti-inflammatory, one bottle of bruise medicine, topical.”
Xu Ya exclaimed, “That harsh? Is Miss Ye down by half a life?”
“Quick, no more nonsense.”
Xu Ya set down his milk tea, grabbed the mouse, and started clicking away on the computer, “Need alcohol too? How about some cotton balls? Shall I prescribe two boxes of kidney tonics?”
Ye Junqing, running out of patience, said sternly, “Or do you want me to send you a coffin?”
Xu Ya prudently shut his mouth, “No thanks, it’s ready, go directly to get the medicine. Please close the door behind you when you leave, thank you.”
Ye Xingguang lay helplessly in the car, unable to recover for a long time, not knowing how much time had passed. Hearing the car door being opened, she still didn’t want to move, only muttering, “Close the door quickly, it’s cold.”
As Ye Junqing closed the door, he said, “Is it colder than my heart?”
Ye Xingguang, feeling aggrieved, yelled, “Are you ever going to be done? I’ve given you everything, even my bones, aren’t you calmed yet? People say conflicts end where the bed begins, did I yield to you in vain? Mmph…”
Suddenly, something covered her, a man’s coat, and then, her vision went completely dark, unable to see anything.
###Chapter 848: Chapter 848: Two boiled eggs, far from enough… Chapter 848: Chapter 848: Two boiled eggs, far from enough… Ye Xingguang tugged at her overcoat, poking her head out from within, then drew it closer around her, struggling to curl up her legs so that the coat covered her entirely. However, her legs were truly devoid of strength—she wanted to stretch out a leg and kick him to let off steam, but she just couldn’t muster the energy.
Ye Junqing started the car; after midnight, there were even fewer vehicles on the road, and he drove home even faster, speeding all the way.
On the way, Ye Xingguang, fearing an accident, had already silently buckled her seatbelt. It’s said that the passenger seat is the most dangerous, where death comes quickest. After Ye Junqing got out of the car, he opened the passenger door, unbuckled her seatbelt first, and then wrapped her, still in her clothes, in his arms and carried her out.
Large snowflakes fell upon their heads and shoulders.
Ye Xingguang looked up at the sky and happened to see a snowflake land on Ye Junqing’s thick, long eyelashes. She stared intently at his lashes; Ye Junqing obviously felt the discomfort of the snowflake on his lashes and blinked instinctively, causing a ticklish sensation in her heart.
The atmosphere, in her eyes, also became hazy.
But then, “gurgle gurgle…”
Her stomach suddenly made an untimely protest.
She had vomited everything she had eaten that evening, and now her stomach was empty again, protesting. Ye Xingguang awkwardly turned her gaze away.
Ye Junqing carried her back to the bedroom, tucked her in, and then left the room.
Ye Xingguang didn’t know where he had gone, probably to find a place to hide and endure the discomfort of his body. Although that man had bitten her and had given her a thorough reprimand, it didn’t alleviate his discomfort; what he needed was to drink blood.
Ye Xingguang understood in her heart.
She climbed up, wrapped in his black overcoat, and went to the dressing table to search for the red stone.
Over a month ago, on the day of their engagement, she had placed the red stone in her makeup box to look beautiful for the engagement banquet. Afterward, she had been kidnapped by Geshu Tang to the bottom of the sea, and she had just come back; naturally, the red stone wasn’t with her.
After finding the red stone, Ye Xingguang also went downstairs, intending to find a cup to soak the red stone in to make an antidote for Ye Junqing.
Alright, she would probably suffer again tonight after the big lump drank it—she was truly masochistic.
Only after going downstairs did she realize the kitchen light was on, and Ye Junqing’s tall figure stood at the kitchen counter, busy with something.
She walked over, found a cup, poured hot water, and then stood by watching him busy himself.
He seemed to be boiling eggs, which made her mouth water.
When the antidote was ready, the boiled eggs were also done. Ye Junqing put the eggs into a bowl and added two spoonfuls of sugar.
Ye Xingguang said from the side, “Put less sugar, I don’t really like sweet things.”
“Is it for you?”
Hearing his sarcastic tone, Ye Xingguang couldn’t control herself; she raised her leg and kicked him. Then, she shoved the antidote into his hand and turned to leave, fed up with his bad temper and not wanting to play servant anymore! He was a despicable man, with the most poisonous tongue in the world!
Ye Xingguang felt a sting at the tip of her nose, and before she could take a step, she was suddenly swept into someone’s embrace.
She angrily pushed at him, but in the next instant, Ye Junqing held her even tighter. With one arm, he held onto the glass she had pushed into his hand and downed its contents in one gulp. Then, with the same arm, he cradled her hips and picked her up, while with his other hand, he carried the boiled eggs, striding upstairs.noveldrama
All the way up, Ye Xingguang was terrified. Before even entering the bedroom, her legs began to tremble. She felt that two boiled eggs probably wouldn’t replenish her strength…
###Chapter 849: Chapter 849: No Worries, I’m Taming My Husband! Chapter 849: Chapter 849: No Worries, I’m Taming My Husband! Ye Xingguang realized that she had overestimated her own charm. After the man carried her into the room and held her in his arms, feeding her two boiled eggs in person, he then took her to the bathroom.
He ran a tub of hot water for her to soak in while he himself stood under a heat lamp taking a shower.
It was a cold-water showerhead.
Outside, a heavy snow was falling, and he trapped himself in the bathroom for a cold shower.
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
Lying in the bathtub soaking in the hot water, Ye Xingguang flicked her agile fishtail, feeling cold on his behalf.
With good intentions, she said, “Come join me in the bath, it’s the dead of winter and you’re taking a cold shower. Aren’t you cold? Don’t catch a fever and make me take care of you tomorrow.”
Ye Junqing didn’t speak, showering with his back to her, only showing her his sexy back.
Even with the man’s back turned to her, she could guess that he was purposefully aiming the showerhead at one particular spot, “…”
“A-Qing~,” Ye Xingguang called his name with special tenderness. This man, treating her like air, dared to take a cold shower right in front of her—this was an insult to her!
Upon hearing these two words, Ye Junqing’s back stiffened for a moment, but he said nothing, always facing away from her.
Perhaps the cold shower had a temporary effect, so he grabbed a towel, wrapped it around his waist and then lifted her out of the hot water and carried her back to bed. He took an ointment for bruises and started applying it to the bruises on her limbs.
Without a word, his demeanor was neither dark nor sunny, just that silent deadpan expression!
If not for his too delicate facial features, if not for his too sexy abs, what use would such a man be to keep around for the New Year?
After Ye Junqing finished treating the bruises on her limbs and wiped the teeth marks on her shoulder with a disinfectant cotton ball, he carefully applied anti-inflammatory ointment and then went back to the bathroom for another cold shower.
Ye Xingguang lay naked under the covers, annoyed to death. This man, after tormenting her body, was now tormenting her heart!
Wasn’t her body seductive enough? He would rather go to the bathroom to take cold showers over and over again than seek her out again.
Clearly, in the car, he hadn’t shown any mercy from beginning to end!
Ye Xingguang pinched her slim waist, so angry she jumped out of bed with a “bang,” flung open the bathroom door, and stormed in wearing slippers. She yanked the man back to the bedroom, then forcefully pushed him down onto the bed…
Then she pounced on him and pointed at his nose, “Ye Junqing, if you keep this up with me, by tomorrow, no, the day after tomorrow, I’ll make it so you can’t get out of bed. Do you believe me?”
In the dead of night, awakened by the sound of the door being kicked, the parents downstairs were stirred from sleep. Bai Lanwu, wearing her pajamas, went upstairs, and seeing the light on in the room, she stood outside the bedroom and knocked on the door, “Junqing, what was that noise just now?”
Bai Lanwu and Song Chuanqi had gone to bed early and had no idea when Ye Xingguang had come back, let alone that she was in the room.
Ye Xingguang, straddling the man, shouted to the outside, “Mom, it’s nothing, I’m taming my husband!”
A tiger doesn’t show its might, you think I’m a sick cat, huh!
Upon hearing this, Bai Lanwu paused, “You two go to bed early. What time is it now?”
However, as their daughter had just come back and the young couple hadn’t reunited for over a month, Bai Lanwu understood. As an elder, she didn’t say anything else and went back downstairs, still wearing her clothes.
Once Bai Lanwu’s footsteps had completely faded away, Ye Xingguang’s voice broke into a cry, “What do you want from me?!”noveldrama
###Chapter 850: Chapter 850 Who doesn’t want you anymore? Chapter 850: Chapter 850 Who doesn’t want you anymore? “Just as she finished speaking, Ye Xingguang was surprised to discover a mist of tears welling up in the man’s deep, black eyes. Perhaps embarrassed, Ye Junqing quickly pulled her off him and then, turning his back to her, reached out to switch off the bedside lamp and drew the covers over them.
Ye Xingguang was momentarily stunned, her indignant heart suddenly softening immensely. This man…he hadn’t been about to cry a moment ago, had he?
“Ah Qing~” Ye Xingguang called softly, pushing gently against the man’s back. The man didn’t speak, didn’t even move an inch, just lay with his back to her, eyes closed, letting the tears roll down from the corners of his eyes.noveldrama
The world was extraordinarily calm, like the silent snow drifting outside the window.
Ye Xingguang sat on the bed, suddenly unsure of what to do. After sitting dumbly for a long while, she also climbed under the covers, and from behind the man, wrapped her arms around his waist. Pressing her face against his scorching back, she bit her lower lip, wanting to say something, but unable to find the words.
She had once read a book that said in life, no matter how tough the situation, men don’t easily shed tears in front of a woman. They tend to show their strongest side to a woman, making her feel he is reliable, that being by his side is where she will feel most secure. But if a man cries, it truly indicates that he doesn’t know how to move forward in the relationship.
It means he is struggling in the sea of love but can’t find the exit for his soul; he is too deeply immersed in his role and can’t pull himself out, drowning in the process; he is so exhausted by love that he doesn’t know how to continue; it’s when his heart dies for a woman that he cries.
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt panicked, her eyes heating up with unease. Her cheeks pressed against his back repeatedly, her voice choked, “Have you decided to leave me?”
She was suddenly afraid, afraid that what she had read in the book reflected the current state between them.
Then, her emotions came rushing forward, “Have you truly decided to leave me?”
Unable to hold back, she cried.
Her hands, circling his waist, tightened more and more…
Ye Junqing’s heart was in turmoil from her crying, and he pried her hands away. Ye Xingguang, startled like a frightened bird, feared he would pull away and leave. She pleaded, “Don’t go.”
Ye Junqing was merely trying to turn over, and once he did, he pulled her into his embrace, his tone sharp, “Why are you crying?”
“You’ve decided to leave me, I’m upset.”
“Who’s leaving you?” Ye Junqing’s heart softened like a pool of autumn water.
“You were planning to leave me all along, I can feel it. You didn’t want to talk to me all night, didn’t you spend the whole night deciding to cut ties with me?” Her sorrowful voice made him feel particularly heartbroken.
Ye Junqing gasped, “What nonsense are you talking about? Leave you, yet I let you into my bed? Do you think just anyone can get into my bed?”
Having said that, his burning palm touched her face, wiping away the tears at the corner of her eyes, “Stop crying, it’s annoying me to death.”
Ye Xingguang sobbed with accusation, “Now you don’t even want to touch me once, don’t you still want to split up with me? It’s not even been a year, just five months, not even half a year!”
The more he wiped her tears, the more her sense of grievance surged, “I’ve been missing you terribly these days, and as soon as I’m back, it’s like breaking up! Every day I was hoping you’d come to pick me up from the sea, but instead, Li Yu came. Of course, I had to find a way to come back with him first; otherwise, what should I do? It’s not like I was going to marry him; I just wanted to come back with him first, then figure out a way to marry you. And then you go wishing us a child soon, as if you’ve given up on me! Am I so unforgivable?”
###Chapter 851: Chapter 851: The Moment You Turn Around, He Smirks at Me Triumphantly Chapter 851: Chapter 851: The Moment You Turn Around, He Smirks at Me Triumphantly “Enough, stop talking.” Ye Junqing pressed her head against his chest, stroking her hair. “It’s my fault, I wasn’t capable enough to bring you back from the seabed.”
Ye Xingguang tilted her head up, “I never said you weren’t capable, it’s just that there wasn’t enough time. Didn’t you strip that Chen Lao of his power? You even went so far as to force a palace change, I thought you were so cool, I never said you weren’t capable! But you broke up with me! Why can’t you just tell me what you’re unsatisfied with? Can’t I change? But you just broke up with me!”
“Don’t mention breaking up, be quiet.”
“I won’t be quiet! If you’re unsatisfied, just say it out loud. I hate this ambiguous attitude of yours!”
“Would it make any difference if I said it?” His low voice was filled with frustration!
“How would you know if you don’t try, just say it!” She reached out, poking him forcefully.
“I want you to stay away from Li Yu, he’s nothing but scum, a schemer and a bitch with ill intentions towards you, can you even listen to me?” Ye Junqing’s voice was filled with murderous intent. “I want your heart to lean towards me, even if I kill him, your heart should still be with me, not standing on his side. Can you do that?”
“Li Yu has already left…”
“Enough!” Ye Junqing cut her off, tiredly closing his eyes, “I’ve nothing more to say to you, let’s just sleep. We’re both tired from the day. Let’s not talk anymore, it’s useless. Next time, your heart will still be with him, the time after that too, it’s always me who’s wrong! History is strikingly similar, he is an angel, he is the pure white snow lotus!”
Saying so, he let go of her, turning to head towards the bathroom. Sleep, he probably wouldn’t be able to, another desire was upon him!noveldrama
Ye Xingguang gripped his arm tightly in panic, “Let go.”
“I won’t.” Far from loosening his grasp, she held on even tighter, stubbornly looking up at him.
“I told you to let go.” His voice was almost a roar.
At his roar, her tears began to roll down, “If I let go, you won’t want me anymore.”
That lowly voice tightened his heart, her desolate appearance pained his tender insides, this girl who feared his abandonment was strange to his cold heart, and yet provided an unusual warmth. Ye Junqing stood by the bed, feeling a twinge in his nose, his eyes suddenly welling with warmth. He lowered his eyes, his voice suddenly much gentler, “I just wanted to take a cold shower, that’s all.”
“You don’t want me, that’s why you want to take a cold shower. Am I no longer attractive to you?”
Ye Junqing’s heart nearly melted at her question, and on reflex, he reached out to stroke her aggrieved hair. Then he heard her say, “My heart has always been with you. But you hurt him, and I had to take him to the hospital. It’s like if you hit a pedestrian with your car, and instead of helping, you just drive away. Should I do the same and ignore the injured person? That’s called hit and run.”
Ye Junqing kept his head down, staring at her reddened eyes, silent.
Ye Xingguang lifted her eyes, “Can you be reasonable, please?”
Ye Junqing’s gaze was heavy as he glared at her, “I’m not being reasonable? He deliberately threw himself at me to get hit, just to gain your sympathy. That guy is full of deceit, and while he spits blood in your presence, the moment you turn away, he flashes me a triumphant smile. And you say I’m not being reasonable!”
Ye Xingguang was stunned, could it be?
She knew that Ye Junqing loved to overthink, but he would never blatantly lie to smear Brother Yu. His pride wouldn’t allow it…
###Chapter 852: Chapter 852: Be a Little Gentle Chapter 852: Chapter 852: Be a Little Gentle Ye Xingguang didn’t know whom to trust, but seeing his smoldering look of disinterest throughout the night, she had no choice but to face the issue. “Fine, I will avoid meeting him whenever possible. Is that okay? Actually, we hardly ever see each other. We saw each other more when we were kids living on the island, but as adults, we’ve gone our separate ways with very few interactions.”
His words did not satisfy Ye Junqing in the slightest.
He kept his face tight, cursing his own stupidity for always falling for Li Yu’s tricks! No matter how he reminded himself not to act impulsively, he still ended up letting Li Yu’s schemes succeed!
Ye Xingguang raised her hand, “I swear, I have absolutely no feelings for Li Yu beyond those of childhood friends. Can you please believe me? I’m really not a bad person! I promise to do my best to avoid any interactions with him, and you promise to trust me, okay? I’m not the heartless little brat you think I am in your mind. I truly only have you in my heart.”
“Huh…” Ye Junqing laughed softly.
Immediately, Ye Xingguang knelt up from the bed, wrapped her arms around the man’s neck, and gazed at his thin lips before leaning in to kiss him.
But within three seconds, the man whose breathing became ragged pushed her away, his voice low, “What are you doing?”
“I’m proving to you that I really only have you in my heart.”
Ye Xingguang, reluctant to be pushed away, leaned in again. Instantly, Ye Junqing’s breath turned even more erratic. His heart felt like it was ignited, burning every cell in his body, screaming in dangerous fury, almost transforming him into a wild beast ready to pounce.
Yet, Ye Junqing forcefully pushed her away again, turned around, and headed for the bathroom.
Ye Xingguang leaped barefoot from the bed, chasing after him and wrapping her arms around his waist from behind, crying out in desperation, “What do you really want me to do? I’ve promised everything yet you still react this way. Do you find my body disgusting now?”
“No, let’s go to bed and sleep.” Otherwise, he might lose control of himself.
“You’d rather have a cold shower than touch me?”
Ye Junqing turned around and scooped her into his arms onto the bed, looking at her extremely distressed face, he reluctantly explained, “Can’t you feel how swollen you are? Not satisfied with the number of bruises you already have, planning to have me take you to Xu Ya in the middle of the night to treat the inflammation?”
“Uh,” she was stunned.
So, he didn’t want her not because he didn’t desire her, but because he couldn’t bear to hurt her?
All of Ye Xingguang’s grievances vanished in an instant, and her tense nerves relaxed. Lying on the bed, she saw him about to leave, but still hooked his little finger and pulled.
Ye Junqing felt a throbbing in his temples and growled at her with a lowered voice, “Don’t push your luck!”
Ye Xingguang refused to let go of his little finger, pulling it again; it was her silent language.noveldrama
“Last warning…”
Before Ye Junqing could finish, Ye Xingguang bit her pink lower lip. “I haven’t seen you for many days. Tonight, after dinner at Tang Zhou’s place, Li Yu told me that he and Tang Zhou find separation makes the heart grow fonder, and it might get noisy tonight, so he drove me out…”
Ye Junqing’s last line of defense was about to crumble with her words.
Ye Xingguang didn’t want him to take a cold shower in such cold weather, worrying about him catching a fever tomorrow. She gathered her courage to continue, “Be gentle, just don’t treat me like a punching bag, okay?”
Her tone was soothing, sending shivers down one’s spine, and then, the entire tall body no longer obeyed the brain’s commands…
Just like the falling snow outside, it kept coming down…
###Chapter 853: Chapter 853: Secretly Standing on Tiptoe… Chapter 853: Chapter 853: Secretly Standing on Tiptoe… The next day, when Ye Xingguang woke up, the entire imperial capital was already immersed in a world dressed in silver. She ran barefoot to the bathroom, used the toilet, and even stood in front of the window for a moment to glimpse the thick snow that had accumulated in the courtyard below, then crawled back into her warm bed.
Outside the window, snow continued to drift lazily from the sky, making it tempting to stay in bed. The quilt was just too cozy.
Ye Junqing hadn’t gotten up either. He glanced at her twice and closed his eyes to continue sleeping until something cold was slipped onto his ring finger. His lazy eyes reopened, and he saw that it was a ring.
Ye Junqing’s deep eyes looked at the woman burrowing into his arms and saw her extend her hand, showing him the ring on her own finger. Judging by the shape, they were a matching set, and it made his freshly awakened heart feel exceptionally tender.
“When did you buy these matching rings?” Matching rings, since when do women prepare those for men?
Ye Junqing stretched out an arm to serve as her pillow, drawing half her body into his embrace, hugging her while pressing his freshly grown stubble against her delicate face a couple of times.
“These aren’t matching rings. They’re communication rings, like mobile phones from the underwater world. I’ll teach you how to use them. They’re more advanced and convenient than cell phones, but no one else on land uses them, so it’s just for the two of us. Oh, and Tang Zhou. My two brothers have them too.”
Ye Junqing lay in bed, showing a touch of interest as he watched her demonstrate the new technology.
After playing with it for a bit, he started thinking about introducing these communication rings to the market. But right then, he was too lazy to get out of bed or to think too hard. He simply said, “Later, find me the development company for these underwater communication rings. I want to cooperate with them and get the distribution rights.”
“There are many different kinds of communication rings underwater, just like the mobile phone companies on land.”
“Is that so? Then I want to poach a few technical staff to develop our own and then release it to the market.” The mind of a businessman, always thinking about expanding into new markets, even while lying in bed. Others might talk about love and affection in bed, but his mind was all about making money.
Fortunately, Ye Xingguang didn’t feel that he was being insensitive. She even said, “I’ll help you poach them later.”
Meanwhile, Tang Zhou was also introducing the communication ring technology to Leng Chenmo, whose thought was the same as Ye Junqing’s, “If we secure global distribution rights, they would sell like crazy! It would bring the major phone brands from the clouds down to bankruptcy.”
Tang Zhou smacked his forehead and said, “Little Sidekick, we’re totally in sync. I was thinking the same thing. Hey, with such heavy snow, where are you going? The weather forecast said it’s going to be a blizzard today.”noveldrama
“I’m going to look for your brother Qing.”
“Oh, oh, oh, I’ll come too. If Qing brother still misunderstands Xingguang, we’ll go and back her up.” Tang Zhou grabbed a white scarf from the coat rack, carelessly wrapped it around his neck, threw on his down jacket, and prepared to head out.
Leng Chenmo glanced at him, “I tried a new way of wrapping a scarf with someone a few days ago. Want to give it a shot?”
Tang Zhou was curious, “What kind of method?”
Leng Chenmo unraveled the scarf wrapped haphazardly around Tang Zhou’s neck, standing tall before him, “Stand still, don’t move.”
Tang Zhou was not short, standing at one meter seventy-eight, but Leng Chenmo was taller, at nearly one meter ninety. Standing next to the shoe cabinet, one tall, one short, Leng Chenmo bent down and leisurely tied the scarf for Tang Zhou again. The warm knit fabric and sturdy thickness blocked the wind and were stylish as well.
Tang Zhou looked up at Leng Chenmo, who was a head taller than himself, and his pride got the better of him as he surreptitiously stood on his tiptoes…
Leng Chenmo noticed Tang Zhou standing on tiptoes. His hands still holding the scarf, he suddenly leaned down…
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here. We’ll continue tomorrow. Muah, do you still have monthly tickets? I’m asking for monthly tickets, please~~]
###Chapter 854: Chapter 854: Is Your Mood Really That Good? Chapter 854: Chapter 854: Is Your Mood Really That Good? Tang Zhou suddenly widened his eyes, his expression slightly startled, his heartbeat abruptly quickening.
At that moment, a maid cleaning the house happened to come down the stairs. Hearing the footsteps, Leng Chenmo straightened his back and continued tying the scarf for Tang Zhou, then stood in front of Tang Zhou, looked at him, and said, “There, done.”
Tang Zhou’s face was still red; he coughed heavily twice to mask his feelings, quickly pulled the hoodie of his down jacket over his head, then stuffed his hands into the jacket pockets, and with an “Oh,” he quickly walked out the door.
Leng Chenmo watched Tang Zhou’s hurriedly retreating figure and a trace of a smile flashed through his reserved eyes; he then lifted his leg and followed him out.
Tang Zhou walked ahead for a distance, then suddenly turned back and asked, “Hey, Leng Chenmo.”
“Hmm?”
“What do you think about me wearing women’s clothes and growing my hair long in the future?”
After all, he, Tang Zhou, was a girl who had always dressed as a boy, looking like a boy. Those who didn’t know them might think they were in some kind of relationship!
Leng Chenmo quickened his pace, walking side by side with Tang Zhou. “Do you like it yourself?”
“I don’t know; I’ve worn boys’ clothes all my life. Suddenly wearing women’s clothes feels a bit weird. Won’t it be especially awkward?” But he had secretly tried on women’s clothes at home before, standing in front of the mirror; he also felt it awkward.
But Leng Chenmo is a man, and he likes women, right? Could he accept his constant masculine attire?
Leng Chenmo said, “Whatever you feel comfortable in, wear that. In my eyes, you look great in anything.”
Listening to this, Tang Zhou’s heart greatly relaxed, and he felt somewhat touched, but his mouth remained prideful. “Damn, where did you learn these lines to sweet-talk girls? Don’t tell me they were taught by some woman?”
“Do you not know whether I’ve been ‘trained’ by women before?” Leng Chenmo lowered his head, his expression profoundly secretive.noveldrama
Tang Zhou had to staunchly defend his ground, his gaze unwavering. “Damn, how could I possibly know? I’m not your assistant!”
“Are you sure you don’t know?”
Tang Zhou, sensitive in his thoughts, could no longer maintain his bold front, his gaze evasive, his voice somewhat weak. “What do you mean by that?”
“You know it yourself.”
“Nonsense, how could I possibly know!”
Tang Zhou adamantly denied ever having schemed behind Leng Chenmo’s back countless times!
Whenever there was word in the circle about any girl liking Leng Chenmo, he would try to charm that girl; even if he failed, he would get other wealthy peers from the circle involved. Well, he definitely disliked Leng Chenmo just for the sake of it, since Leng Chenmo was Qi Ge’s business rival!
Thinking about this, Tang Zhou lengthened his stride, walking ahead, his mouth grinning widely in silent laughter.
For some reason, his mood just felt so good!
Probably because the snowy scene was so beautiful!
The two of them, one in front and one behind, arrived at Qi Ge’s villa; upon entering the living room, they immediately smelled the aroma of dumplings.
Bai Lanwu was in the kitchen making dumplings. Seeing the two of them standing under the eaves, her son brushing snow off Tang Zhou’s hat, Bai Lanwu, wearing an apron, came over. “Did you two have lunch? With such heavy snow, how could you not think to bring an umbrella?”
“We just got up, haven’t even had breakfast. Are you making dumplings?”
Bai Lanwu nodded with a smile, “With such heavy snow, there’s no going out. It’s boring having nothing to do, so it’s good to eat together. Go sit in the living room for now. Hot dumplings will be ready soon.”
However, Leng Chenmo followed Bai Lanwu into the kitchen. “Let me help you. I’ll learn more from you, so I can make some supper for Xiao Zhou tonight.”
###Chapter 855: Chapter 855: Son Wants to Rush Things? Chapter 855: Chapter 855: Son Wants to Rush Things? “I’ll learn too, I’m so bored, Mom, teach me too.” Tang Zhou was in a good mood today, finding everything fresh and interesting. Even though Shen Mo still hadn’t managed to call Bai Lanwu ‘Mom’, Tang Zhou, who was free of any psychological pressure, was incredibly sweet-tongued.
Bai Lanwu’s face lit up with joy at being addressed by Tang Zhou, even though she said, “No need to learn. Whenever you guys feel like eating, just call me and I’ll cook and bring it to you.”
Bai Lanwu moved the dumpling skins and fillings from the kitchen to the dining room and asked Tang Zhou about his life under the sea, worried that they had suffered there. Tang Zhou’s vivid descriptions made it sound not like hardship but rather like an extremely interesting adventure, which greatly reassured Bai Lanwu.
“By the way, where are my brother and my sister-in-law?”
“They haven’t gotten up yet.”
Thinking of how the kids hadn’t slept till late into the night, Bai Lanwu chuckled, “Absence makes the heart grow fonder.”
Huh, from the mother-in-law’s tone, could it be that Big Brother and Xiao Xinguang had made up already?
Bai Lanwu sighed, “Your engagement banquet had to be postponed, we need to choose another date, all because of Xinguang’s delay.”noveldrama
Shen Mo said, “It doesn’t matter. The state assignment itself is a form of engagement. Since the state has already engaged us, the timing of the engagement banquet isn’t a big issue. Even if we skip the engagement banquet, it wouldn’t matter. We could go straight to having the wedding.”
Tang Zhou suddenly widened his eyes, lifted his leg, and stomped hard on Shen Mo’s foot. Had his follower gone mad? He had just psychologically accepted the engagement, and now he wanted to go straight to having a wedding?
A wedding? Tang Zhou didn’t even dare to think about that!
“The engagement banquet is still necessary. Just booking a hotel, creating invitations, sending them out, choosing another date – all that requires some preparation time. You will have to wait a bit longer,” Bai Lanwu didn’t agree with the cancellation.
Shen Mo didn’t actually want to wait, “It could also be kept simple. There’s no need for a grand banquet in a hotel. Just having both families and relatives gather for a meal, like ordinary wage earners, we could even have a party at home.”
Bai Lanwu listened to her son’s anxious mentality but countered, “How could that be okay? That would be too unfair to Tang Zhou. What if his family thought we lacked manners and didn’t value the engagement? An engagement is a big deal.”
Shen Mo pondered, “Tang Zhou’s parents passed away early, his only family is a brother, and Chuan Qi’s parents. They wouldn’t think like that, and besides, we could hold it together with Chuan Qi. If anyone were to be accused of neglect, his son would be neglecting Xinguang too. If no one minds, then it shouldn’t bother anyone. We could keep it simple and efficient. You could discuss it with Mrs. Night; an engagement is just a small procedure, not something to fuss over too much. The wedding, however, we should organize properly.”
“This… ” Bai Lanwu, hearing her son’s tone, wondered if he was really in such a rush?
Bai Lanwu thought for a moment, “Later, we elders will sit down and have a discussion.”
Shen Mo nodded, “Thank you for the trouble. You could call Mrs. Night now, invite her over to have some dumplings with us.”
Bai Lanwu: “…”
Clearly, her son was truly in a hurry, but what for?
Could it be related to what Chuan Qi told him a few days ago, about having his son eventually go to Country S to inherit the throne?
When Bai Peiluan received her sister’s call, she hurried over to have dumplings. As the two sisters talked about the matter, Bai Peiluan said, “This is too rushed, isn’t it? Having it at home is too hasty for such an important event. We should invite all the people in our circle. Otherwise, it would be too unfair to Xinguang. I can’t agree to this, we must choose an auspicious day and prepare slowly.”
###Chapter 856: Chapter 856: I Heard You Were Reincarnated? Chapter 856: Chapter 856: I Heard You Were Reincarnated? “On the first of January, Starlight will be marrying Lord of the Night in another country. If even the engagement banquet isn’t held before the wedding, that would be truly inappropriate,” Leng Chenmo suddenly threw out a statement.
Bai Peiluan: “Ah?”
“We’ll just hold it at home, and keeping it simple doesn’t necessarily mean it’s perfunctory. Next Wednesday is the last auspicious day of the year. After this day, there won’t be any more good days left this year, only waiting for next year,” Leng Chenmo spoke somberly.
Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan said in unison, “Really?”
The elders, when picking a date for the engagement, paid extra attention to its auspiciousness.
Tang Zhou had already silently left, carrying a bowl of dumplings to the living room to sit on the sofa, eating while watching TV. From time to time, his gaze drifted toward the dining room, his minion’s ability to lead astray was at a boss level!
After much discussion between Bai Peiluan and Bai Lanwu, Bai Peiluan finally said, “I need to ask my son, otherwise, he’ll think his mom is fake. Speaking of which, isn’t Starlight back as well? Why haven’t I seen her?”
These days, Bai Peiluan had been worried sick, concerned about her daughter-in-law, even more worried that her daughter-in-law might become part of someone else’s family.
Bai Lanwu pointed upstairs, “She’s not up yet.”
“How come she’s not up yet? That child usually doesn’t sleep in. I’m going upstairs to consult with him.”
Bai Lanwu laughed, “Forget it, it’s freezing cold, and it’s normal for young people not to want to get out of bed. Let the young couple sleep a bit longer.”
No sooner had he finished speaking than Shen Mo wrapped in a winter robe-pajama walked downstairs, the tailored long robe accentuating his exceptionally heroic spirit.
Seeing Shen Mo, Bai Peiluan immediately approached, “Son, there’s something I want to discuss with you. It’s about your engagement with Starlight. This year, there’s only one more auspicious day left, which is next Wednesday. Starlight’s mom and I were thinking, how about we hold your engagement banquet at home next Wednesday?”
Shen Mo walked down the stairs with long strides, thought for a moment, “Mm.”
Then, he wanted to take a bowl of dumplings back to his room. He was still very sleepy and wanted to continue sleeping. He wasn’t hungry, but he was worried someone else might be.
Leng Chenmo had already finished eating, and asked him, “Got a moment? Chat?”
Shen Mo didn’t know what Leng Chenmo wanted to talk about, but since neither of them was fond of idle chatter, if Leng Chenmo suggested a chat, it must be about something important. Shen Mo said, “Hold on.”noveldrama
He carried the dumplings upstairs, served them into the bedroom, saw a certain woman start eating from the bowl, then left the bedroom to sit with Leng Chenmo in the sunroom connected to the villa on the first floor to have coffee. Although there was no sunlight, the heating was sufficient, and the clear glass windows blurred the tumbling snow outside.
Shen Mo languidly reclined in the armchair, legs stretched out, holding a steaming cup of coffee, his eyes still drowsy, “Discuss what? Regarding the vampires, after I left yesterday, Fu Zhuo already called me to say you covered for me, thanks.”
Leng Chenmo leaned back in another armchair, also in a relaxed posture, and said with a restrained smile, “Last night, Starlight and Li Yu had hot pot together. I’m not sure if she drank too much, but she mentioned that you said you were reborn, and also, that you and Starlight didn’t get along well before, and she ran away with Li Yu. It made me a bit curious. Do you mind if I act as an audience and chat about it?”
How could Shen Mo possibly discuss such a matter with Leng Chenmo, who was not a confidant? He simply looked at Leng Chenmo with a cryptic expression, sipped his coffee, and said, “I mind.”
###Chapter 857: Chapter 857: All the Fuss, Just to Attract My Attention Chapter 857: Chapter 857: All the Fuss, Just to Attract My Attention Leng Chenmo did not force the issue. He held his coffee, leisurely admiring the snowscape outside the window, and slowly recalled the life he once lived, saying, “Then it’s your turn to listen. Actually, I am a reborn person.”
Ye Junqing arched an eyebrow quizzically.
Following that, he heard Leng Chenmo say, “Once, I was a failure in love. At that time, I suddenly discovered that I was not of the Leng’s Family bloodline. Forced out by the family coup, I had no ground to stand on. Not wanting to trouble my father, who had raised and educated me from childhood, I left the Leng’s Family. I had my period of dejection until Tang Zhou found me, wanting to throw money at me to make me his subordinate. In my eyes, that was kicking me when I was already down, no different from the others who wanted to laugh at me and step on me as they pleased. Since he sought death, I decided to oblige him, and also take the opportunity to make an example of him, to let everyone know that although I had left the Leng’s Family, I was not someone anyone could just step on.”
Having said this, Leng Chenmo gripped his coffee cup tightly, his eyes flashing with a hint of regret.noveldrama
“Tang Zhou was a spiteful person, loved to make trouble, cared about face, and had a little secret that no one knew of. With the support of a bunch of brothers from the Ye’s Family, he could do as he pleased outside. If one didn’t understand him, it would be easy to label him as an obnoxious dandy, a spoilt brat who needed society to beat some sense into him. At that time, I wanted to give him that beating, to teach him a lesson so he wouldn’t be so arrogant and provoke everyone.”
“At that time, I didn’t know that all his mischief was just to get my attention; perhaps even he didn’t understand that the mischief was rooted in his secret affection for me. He couldn’t decipher his feelings, just liked to annoy me. It’s probably because some issues of his own prevented him from taking the step into a relationship, so he resorted to making a fuss to mask his longing for love. In the end, I gave him a brutal life lesson.”
Ye Junqing maintained the same position, holding his coffee without moving, his eyes deeply fixed on Leng Chenmo, for he already knew all of this!
At that time, he had wished he could chop Leng Chenmo into pieces, but Tang Zhou was disappointing, thoroughly handled by Leng Chenmo and even proactively clinging to him.
What Leng Chenmo was now reflecting on was also this matter: “I thought if I beat him harshly, he would learn his lesson and would dare not provoke me again. Instead, he came to me humbly seeking forgiveness, even when I ignored him, he still cast aside his pride and dignity, shamelessly trying to get close to me, just to stay by my side.”
“When I wanted to start my own company, he took out all his savings to sponsor me, without wanting me to find out. He just asked a friend to invest in my new company in the friend’s name;”
“Leng’s Family, those sheep in wolves’ clothing, couldn’t stand to see me rise again and were plotting against me in the shadows. Once when I was returning from a business trip, someone intended to stage a truck accident to kill me in a crash. He somehow got wind of it and in desperation, drove his sports car like a madman to collide with the truck. The two vehicles crashed, and he was severely injured, his car flung into the air by the truck, while I didn’t even realize I had escaped an accident. I just sat in my car and watched an accident happen outside the window, and then speed past it, unconcerned.”
“I remember once, on a snowy day like this, I was working overtime at the company. He ran to the hospital with a high fever to get an IV. Hearing that I hadn’t eaten dinner and was still working, he left the IV half done, just to go and buy me a late-night snack…”
###Chapter 858: Chapter 858: This Time, It’s My Turn to Take the Initiative Chapter 858: Chapter 858: This Time, It’s My Turn to Take the Initiative “He had supper delivered to the office, and I hardly paid him any attention, just told him to leave and not bother me while I worked. That night, after he left, dizzy with fever, he fainted in his car. Luckily, the security guard noticed his headlights were still on though he hadn’t driven off, went to check, and discovered he had passed out. The guard called me, and I broke into the car only to realize how seriously he was burning up…”
“I had him taken to the hospital, where I learned from the nurse that he had been receiving an IV. He received a phone call, told the nurse that his boyfriend hadn’t finished dinner yet, and he was leaving to bring him supper, then left the hospital without permission.”
“I remember that night, you rushed to the hospital and beat me up fiercely, then told me about all the things Tang Zhou had done for me without my knowledge. If you were also reborn, you should remember what happened that night.”
“Of course, I remember.”
Shen Mo spoke with a pained expression, “Tang Zhou woke up confused, saw me hitting you, came over to push me away, and told me not to interfere in your matters.”noveldrama
“He said he didn’t want luxury cars or beautiful women; he just wanted you. He said he wasn’t really a man but a girl who, from childhood to adulthood, had only ever cared about one person, you, Leng Chenmo. Now, he didn’t want to struggle anymore; he wanted to be loved… If he couldn’t obtain love, then he would take the initiative to give it. In love, taking the initiative, even if it’s a bit lowly, is not shameful. What’s really shameful is not having the courage to pursue it at all…”
Leng Chenmo’s deep eyes suddenly flashed with extreme tenderness, he raised the steaming cup of coffee to his lips, took a sip, and savored it carefully.
Then, they both looked at each other. It seemed they really were people who had lived another lifetime?
“Wow wow wow, Brother Shen, little sidekick, so you guys are here! I’ve been looking for you for ages. Look at the little snowman I made.” Tang Zhou stood outside in the yard of the sunroom, holding a tiny snowman in his palm, yelling through the glass at them.
Leng Chenmo smiled at Tang Zhou.
Tang Zhou set the little snowman on the outside of the window and then dove into the snow, made a snowball, and threw it at them.
The snowball, of course, didn’t hit them; it smashed directly onto the clear glass of the sunroom, much to Tang Zhou’s amusement as he laughed heartily with hands on hips.
Leng Chenmo, with profound sentimentality, watched Tang Zhou playing outside the window and murmured, “Reborn once, I told myself never again to allow myself to see Tang Zhou in such a lowly state. He doesn’t need to take the initiative; this time, it’s my turn. I also don’t want him to fall first then see his feelings clear; he doesn’t need to see clearly, I just need to understand his heart.”
Shen Mo coldly remarked, “Now that sounds like a sensible statement.”
Leng Chenmo raised his coffee cup, “A belated thank you for waking me up then.”
Otherwise, he might not have decided to re-examine Tang Zhou, nor would he have chosen to truly understand him.
Shen Mo looked at Tang Zhou frolicking in the snow outside and heard Leng Chenmo shift the conversation: “What about you, then? Can we talk about it now?”
Shen Mo looked back at Leng Chenmo, “Since you’ve already figured it out, what is there to talk about? When did you become so interested in gossip?”
Leng Chenmo smiled restrainedly, “I know the happy and harmonious stories between you and Starlight; I had no idea your past relationship was that troubled, and she ended up with someone else. So, I got curious. Did you tease my sister and spin a tale to slander her?”
###Chapter 859: Chapter 859: Absolutely Impossible Chapter 859: Chapter 859: Absolutely Impossible With a clink, Leng Chenmo set the coffee cup on the round tea table and looked coldly at Shen Mo: “Shen Mo, you bully her by accusing her of all sorts of crimes just because she hasn’t been reborn. You really are quite the man!”
Shen Mo squinted his eyes and stared at Leng Chenmo: “She and I, harmonious and happy? Which of your eyes saw us as harmonious and happy?”
“Being able to have two children, a son, and a daughter, isn’t that happiness?” Leng Chenmo’s voice, filled with envy.
Shen Mo’s expression turned startled: “When did she and I ever have a son and a daughter? How come I don’t know about it?”
He had diligently sown seeds for seven years and had not managed to father any children because she had secretly been taking birth control pills behind his back; she never wanted to be pregnant with his child!
“Then how do I know about it?”
“How would I know that you know? You’re the one making up stories, big brother!” Shen Mo’s “big brother” was uttered with a particularly mocking tone.
Leng Chenmo looked at Shen Mo for a long time, stood up, and left behind a cutting remark: “Indeed, a total scumbag!”
After saying that, he walked away.
“You stand right there!” Shen Mo would not let Leng Chenmo just leave after making that statement: “Clarify your words for me; how could an outsider like you know so much about her and me?”
Leng Chenmo was almost at the door of the sunroom when he heard this, stopped in his tracks, turned back, and looked coldly at Shen Mo: “A love that’s broadcasted so intensely, it would be hard for an outsider like me not to know. Who doesn’t know that Shen Mo fell for a girl from a third-tier university and was often caught by reporters dashing to the campus in his car every now and then?”
Indeed, when he first met Xiao Yuxia, he would take his car to the university whenever he had the time, fearing that the food at her school wasn’t good, he would take her out for private dining. Being followed by the paparazzi was something unavoidable.
“Who doesn’t know that Shen Mo ended up with a girl from the university eating at a street stall, only to end up hospitalized with diarrhea?”
Right, Xiao Yuxia liked to eat at food stalls, and indeed, he had once gotten diarrhea by eating at one with her. Not only was she ungrateful, but he also had a delicate stomach and was not cut from the same cloth as her.
Leng Chenmo was not done yet: “But a bout of diarrhea, staying in the hospital for more than ten days, wasting hospital resources, just because the university girl would make soup for you every day and bring it to the hospital? And the girl’s cooking was terrible, all blackened dishes, yet you wolfed it all down. In the end, your digestive system got worse, causing your primary physician to be scolded by the Ye’s Family for being a quack?”
“Where did you hear all this gossip? It’s all fake.”
He had gotten diarrhea from the food stall, and Xiao Yuxia never felt pity for him, barely even bothered to glance his way, let alone make soup for him!
Leng Chenmo chuckled: “Fake? In the end, the primary physician, out of options, begged the university girl to stop making soup for you, stating you could have been discharged long ago. When the truth came out, you booked the finest five-star restaurant and had a candlelit dinner with her. And on the building right across from the five-star restaurant, the wall advertisement lit up with heart after heart, blinking and flashing, captions reading ‘Baby, I’m sorry,’ almost made me sick.”
Shen Mo: “!!!”noveldrama
“You’ve got it all wrong, absolutely not true, I would never do something so greasy!”
Leng Chenmo nonchalantly walked over to the single sofa opposite him, sat down, crossed his legs, and said: “Like you’ve done so little? Even a lousy birthday makes you invite everyone in the social circle over, isn’t it just because you want to let everyone know that your precious university girl makes you a birthday cake by hand each year? I’ve heard people in the circle dread your birthday because they know the cake tastes awful, but they have to smile and choke it down, falsely praising its taste just to win a smile from your sweetheart.”
###Chapter 860: Chapter 860: Wake Him Up Chapter 860: Chapter 860: Wake Him Up That’s simply ludicrous. When did his birthday ever pass without total chaos? Always ending on a sour note after a quarrel with her?
Forget personally baking him a birthday cake; even if he sliced the cake and presented it to her, she wouldn’t take a bite—she’d only light incense for him!
“In our junior year of college, I gave birth to your son,” she continued, “and not two years after graduation, I gave birth to your daughter. The childbirth was difficult, and there you were, a grown man, raging outside the delivery room, threatening to ‘wipe out the source of all trouble.’ That story was all the buzz among our friends. What now, are you saying all that is just fiction?”
“!!!!!!!!” Of course, it was all fiction; how could he have possibly done such a thing?
What kind of man would even utter such words?
Shen Mo looked at Ye Xingguang, who had an expression that said, “What are you talking about, I have no idea, where am I, who am I,” picked up the unfinished coffee from the table without any hesitation, and splashed it on Ye Xingguang’s face before leaving.
Tang Zhou just so happened to walk into the sunroom in a flurry, holding a snowball. He saw the scene and shouted, “Junior, what are you doing!”
Shen Mo threw five words back: “Wake his brain up.”
“Damn it, have you lost your mind? You wake up my bro’s brain, are you sick?” Tang Zhou felt like smashing the snowball in his hand onto Shen Mo’s face.
Shen Mo said, “Didn’t he wrongfully accuse Xingguang and Li Yu of having an affair? Don’t I have the right to teach my brother-in-law a lesson?”
Uh…noveldrama
Tang Zhou promptly suppressed the urge to pelt Shen Mo with the snowball.
After Shen Mo dragged Tang Zhou away, Ye Xingguang, not bothering to wipe his face, stood dumbfounded, unable to believe what Shen Mo had said since it was totally different from his own memories!
People, naturally, believed their own memories more.
He did wish he could have two children with her in three years, but could that really happen?
Hah…
Long after, Ye Xingguang left the sunroom and went upstairs to his bedroom. Entering the bathroom, he splashed his face with water, changed into pajamas, and his gaze landed on the woman sitting at the table by the window, eating dumplings and admiring the snow. His eyes held an unfathomable depth.
Ye Xingguang had almost finished her dumplings, with just the last one left. She looked up to see Ye Xingguang’s eyes narrowed, staring at her intently, causing her scalp to tingle. She asked in confusion, “Why are you staring at me like that? You brought these dumplings for me to eat yourself. You didn’t say you wanted any, so I thought you might go downstairs to get another bowl for yourself. There’s one left, do you want it?”
“Keep it for yourself,” Ye Xingguang walked toward her, pondered for a long moment, and then said, “Baby, if I got diarrhea and ended up in the hospital, would you make soup for me?”
“I don’t know how,” Ye Xingguang replied instinctively, but then quickly added nervously, “I’ll ask my mom to teach me. Are you sick? Did you eat something that upset your stomach?”
“No, I was just saying. Cooking isn’t for you.”
Ye Xingguang picked up the last dumpling and brought it to his mouth. He opened his mouth and ate the last dumpling, then lifted her up and carried her back to bed, pulling her into his arms to continue their nap.
Using his hand as her pillow, he stared into her sparkling, starry eyes—her beautiful eyes clear-cut between black and white, incredibly fetching.
He twirled a strand of her long hair with his fingers and brushed her face with the tip, his mind involuntarily revisiting Shen Mo’s words. Could it be possible? Absolutely not!
The her of the past never liked him, much less would she make soup or cake for him, or bear him children. If she had, they wouldn’t have been unable to continue together; he wouldn’t have felt so tired, so weary.
###Chapter 861: Chapter 861: Everything Feels Sweet Chapter 861: Chapter 861: Everything Feels Sweet But if it weren’t a sure bet, Shen Mo would also dare to splash coffee on his face, telling him to wake up—could Shen Mo’s memory be wrong?
“Baby, if you really didn’t like me, would you have stayed by my side for seven years?” Ye Junqing asked her softly.
In response, Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes at him. Stupid man, always making up things—she closed her eyes, not wanting to deal with it.
But wasn’t that obvious? She wasn’t a masochist; why would she force herself to stay if she didn’t like him?
Of course, she did like him.
Ye Junqing lifted her chin, looking deeply into her eyes, “If it were my birthday, would you make me a cake?”
“Didn’t you already have your birthday this year?”
“Next year hasn’t come yet.”
“Isn’t it too early to talk about next year’s birthday now? My birthday hasn’t even arrived yet, and mine comes before yours.”
Her birthday was in March, as she was a Pisces.
“So, will you or won’t you?”
Ye Xingguang said, “I don’t know how to make one, but back in university, I saw my roommate make a cake with a rice cooker. We didn’t have a mixer, so all four of us in the dorm took turns beating the eggs—it was torture. The cakes are better bought from the store; they’re tasty and convenient.”
Speaking of cakes, Ye Xingguang licked her lips, “I suddenly really want to eat durian layer cake. Lend me your phone; I’m going to order some delivery from the cake shop.”
“Where’s your phone?”
“It was taken away by that old monster Geshu Tang, and he has never given it back to me. Probably just threw it away. He’s one of the elders from the Underwater Kingdom, looks young but is actually over a hundred years old.”
Ye Xingguang wanted to use Ye Junqing’s phone to place an order, but he didn’t give it to her. Instead, he called Xiao Yun to go buy it and bring it over, and then he continued to sleep, holding her tightly in his arms.
His arms encircled her tightly—he hadn’t seen or held her for over a month, how could he bear to let go?
The scene of her tumbling down the stairs the night before kept popping into his mind, constantly tugging at his heart. Thinking of how he didn’t manage to catch her then, Ye Junqing bowed his head and softly apologized, with tender and lingering movements.
“The elders were discussing downstairs just now; next Wednesday they want to make up for our engagement party at home—do you feel hard done by?”
“Not at all; it’s the same wherever we hold it.”
The key thing is who you’re getting engaged to, not the outward appearance.
While talking, she lay on his chest, her face growing slightly warm, and her heart was sweet.
Perhaps because they’d had a disagreement yesterday and her emotions had been up and down, right now, everything felt sweet to her, and she cherished it all the more, feeling it was hard-earned. Then she closed her eyes and began to look forward to their engagement party.
“It’s better to hold it at home; otherwise, if something happens again on the way to the hotel and it can’t be held… We should have done it at home last time. I was kidnapped by Geshu Tang then; did you worry about me?”
Of course!
He was anxious and frustrated!
He and Leng Chenmo almost tore up the capital inch by inch searching for their respective fiancées!
Ye Junqing also feared more unexpected problems, “Then we’ll do it at home. After the engagement, we’ll go and change our marriage certificate. Then, with the dowry, we’ll go to the Underwater Kingdom and bring you back.”
[An Ying: That’s the update for today. Continuation tomorrow. Kisses, do we still have any monthly tickets? Asking for monthly tickets, asking for monthly tickets~~]noveldrama
###Chapter 862: Chapter 862: How Could Such a Coincidence Happen? Chapter 862: Chapter 862: How Could Such a Coincidence Happen? Talking about this, Ye Xingguang worried, “Can Mr. Chen agree to make you the heir? Although you have gotten everyone’s support, you have offended Mr. Chen, and he has a notoriously bad temper. If he refuses to give the formula as a betrothal gift, even if you become the heir, those old folks at the bottom of the sea still won’t agree to let me marry you.”
“Don’t worry, he actually favored me from the start, it’s just that he can’t swallow his pride.”
“Huh?” Ye Xingguang didn’t understand.
Speaking of it, Ye Junqing was very frustrated, “Ten years ago, he was chasing after me, wanting me to be his heir, but I didn’t know Muya Jiushu was you.”
“Huh?”
Ye Junqing looked at her confused expression, “Still don’t understand? I am the primary heir.”
Ye Xingguang was stunned for a moment, then, as if suddenly realizing, she couldn’t believe it, “You mean you’re that vampire primary heir who didn’t want to marry me for ten years?”
Ye Junqing’s corner of the eyes twitched fiercely, “I didn’t not want to marry you.”
He didn’t want to carry that accusation!
“Isn’t it precisely because you didn’t want to marry me that you were unwilling to be the vampire heir? Everyone says so!”
Ye Junqing got irritated, “I’ve said I did want to marry you, and you’re the same, refusing to become queen in order not to marry a vampire heir.”noveldrama
Seeing Ye Xingguang about to speak, he defensively cut in first, “Stop, let’s end this topic there.”
Ye Xingguang suddenly chuckled.
“What are you laughing at?” Ye Junqing was deeply annoyed, fearing her mockery of his foolishness.
“How can there be such a coincidence?” She could hardly believe it.
“Or rather, how can there be such a foolish affair!” If he had agreed ten years ago, maybe now he would already have a family. But ten years ago, he was only a teenager, and so was she. Wasn’t it too early to marry?
Consoling himself this way, Ye Junqing’s frustrated heart relaxed a bit.
Ye Xingguang thought and asked Chen Fengdu, who’s always called Ye Junqing a rebel, “So, ten years ago, you saved me and then got seriously injured, and Mr. Chen sired you, bringing you back to life? So Mr. Chen is your dad?”
Ye Junqing threw a sentence at Ye Xingguang, “Your dad was also sired by me.”
“Uh… Mr. Chen is not your dad.” Ye Xingguang immediately corrected herself.
Then, her fingers circled on his sexy pectorals, “Is this really okay? Mr. Chen saved your life, and you still forcibly usurped power, it seems a bit ungrateful.”
“For the sake of marrying you, I can only be ungrateful.” Ye Junqing’s voice didn’t have a trace of remorse and after a few seconds, he added, “In a few days, I will go and apologize. We definitely need to invite him to our engagement party.”
…
Meanwhile.
Chen Fengdu was at the vacation villa by the lake, holding his dear darling and enjoying the snow on the lake. The young village maiden he liked wasn’t young at all but nearly forty years old, who, just like Chen Fengdu, was a vampire.
More than ten years ago, the young village maiden’s life hung by a thread and was sired by Chen Fengdu. According to the rules of the vampire race, the young village maiden should be considered Chen Fengdu’s daughter now. Such romantic involvement between ‘father and daughter’ within the clan was forbidden, and as a leader, Chen Fengdu couldn’t break the law. Therefore, he wanted to choose an heir and step down, not wanting to be a leader anymore, just wanting to embrace his beauty.
However, he is a particularly persistent man. Choosing an heir is even more critical than choosing a wife for him. He “fell in love at first sight” with Ye Junqing, liking this kid. So even after all these years that Ye Junqing was unwilling to agree, Chen Fengdu never thought of choosing someone else until he laid eyes on Li Yu.
###Chapter 863: Chapter 863: Yes, I am also a despicable man Chapter 863: Chapter 863: Yes, I am also a despicable man The young villager named Xi Yue, clad in a red cloak, sat in the Shuixin Pavilion admiring the snow. Chen Fengdu, with hair as white as snow, held her in his embrace. From a distance, the scene was exceedingly poetic and picturesque.noveldrama
On the stone table in the Shuixin Pavilion, there were also Xi Yue’s favorite snowflake crisps.
Xi Yue leaned against Chen Fengdu’s chest, feeding him snowflake crisps. Seeing that Chen Fengdu still had a stern face, Xi Yue said, “Still angry? What’s there to be angry about? Doesn’t this just prove your foresight is spot on? That the person you picked really has the capability, the means, and the courage.”
“Hmph!” Chen Fengdu couldn’t swallow his pride.
“Besides, he and the Sea Queen are truly in love. When I saw the Sea Queen that day, she looked familiar. Later, when I checked online, I found out she’s Ye Junqing’s fiancée. They staged a palace coup for their fiancées. Isn’t that just as deeply in love as you were when you abdicated the throne to be with me? What do you call this? If the upper beam is not straight, the lower beam will be crooked, they all learned it from you.”
“What ‘upper beam not straight, lower beam crooked’? This is clearly ‘the student surpasses the master!'”
After correcting her, Chen Fengdu’s face turned cold again, and he roared, “I don’t have such an unfilial son! At first, I chose a good wife for him, and he didn’t want her. Now he talks to me about deep love? He’s clearly just being cheap!”
Xi Yue chuckled softly, “Aren’t all men cheap?”
Chen Fengdu wanted to say, I’m not cheap, but Xi Yue immediately added, “Men who aren’t cheap aren’t loved much by women.”
“That’s right, I’m also a cheap man.” Chen Fengdu changed his stance as swiftly as a god.
Then he opened his mouth, bit the snowflake crisp that Xi Yue held to his lips, and then, bending down, fed it back to her mouth.
Outside the Shuixin Pavilion, heavy snow fell incessantly, but inside the pavilion, the warmth did not cease.
Such heavy snowfall lasted for three days, and after three days, everyone emerged from their homes, bundled up in thick down jackets, with young girls standing in the snow, taking pictures at every street corner.
In the city, snow removal teams worked tirelessly, but in the outskirts, the heavy snow blocked the roads, making it impossible for vehicles to pass.
Ye Junqing, with his graceful wife by his side, boarded a helicopter to visit Elder Chen, bringing along with him the engagement party invitations. The helicopter landed in the mansion’s courtyard. However, Chen Fengdu didn’t let the couple enter the house. Ye Junqing simply placed the invitation on the window and then was ready to leave.
Ye Xingguang was dragged onto the helicopter, “Is this really okay? He doesn’t let you in, and you just don’t say a few more good words from outside? Maybe if you wait longer, his heart will soften, right?”
Ye Junqing, not having that kind of patience, followed onto the helicopter and said, “With that time, I might as well go back and work at the company. There’s a pile of things waiting for me to handle.”
Watching the helicopter slowly ascend, Chen Fengdu, who sat in the house, pushed open the home door, not expecting this rebellious son to lack even this bit of patience. Couldn’t he have brought gifts like those days and pleaded every day without him opening the door?
Following him out, Xi Yue saw not just an invitation on the ground at the door but also a long gift box. She took out the gift box and opened it, finding a painting inside. Unrolling the scroll, Xi Yue said, “Fengdu, look.”
“What’s there to look at? Would I care for a gift from that unfilial son?”
Chen Fengdu said, but as he cast a glance unintentionally, he was about to shift his gaze when suddenly he looked back, took a closer look, and realized, wasn’t this his painting?
The beautiful woman in the painting, wasn’t that his own Xi Yue?
This was the first painting he had made for Xi Yue, but it had been stolen by a servant and sold. After that, it was lost and could never be found. Where did this lad get it from?
###Chapter 864: Chapter 864: Who Will Comfort My Injured Little Heart? Chapter 864: Chapter 864: Who Will Comfort My Injured Little Heart? Xi Yue said, “Look, Ye Junqing is really thoughtful, knowing you’ve always been looking for this painting, and now he’s found it and sent it back. It’s our engagement token painting! For his filial piety alone, why don’t you attend his engagement party in a few days?”
“Hmph, I absolutely will not go.”
But despite her protest, on the day of Ye Junqing’s engagement, Chen Fengdu got up early and called a makeup team over to do Xi Yue’s makeup, even buying her an extremely expensive gown. He wanted his beloved Xi Yue to be the most beautiful woman there.
Ye Xingguang’s engagement party, held at his home, was anything but simple. Ye Junqing certainly didn’t want to disappoint his little mermaid.
Outside the high-walled and grand Ye’s Family estate, the Ye’s security personnel set up a lengthy isolation zone. Many media personnel loitered outside the perimeter, peeking in, but they could only watch as luxury cars zoomed past one after another, entering the Ye’s compound.
Only KOCO TV, having good relations and leveraging its proximity, was allowed into Ye’s estate to provide coverage.
Chang Qinghua and some reporters from the station set up their camera at the villa courtyard’s check-in area for Ye Xingguang and started a live broadcast. As each car stopped, they put the exiting guests on camera and gave a corresponding introduction.
Many netizens, having nothing better to do, were watching the KOCO TV live broadcast, listening to the reporter’s introductions of the distinguished guests—individuals they usually could never catch a glimpse of. The online audience was thrilled…noveldrama
“My god, look, Mr. Gu and Madam Shen are in the same frame! They got out of the same car, and these are two people who’ve been divorced for years! Recently, a reporter leaked that Mr. Gu is wooing Madam Shen, wanting to rekindle an old flame. Seeing them now, it’s clear these weren’t baseless rumors! Both are towering figures in the music industry, and they’re attending Ye Junqing’s engagement party? What’s their connection?”
At that moment, Madam Shen was being interviewed by Chang Qinghua and she directly addressed the netizens’ curiosity: “It’s my goddaughter’s engagement party. How could I possibly not come?”
The netizens exploded again: “Oh my, the mermaid girl is Madam Shen’s goddaughter?!!!”
As if that wasn’t sensational enough, immediately after, the netizens saw the Yanbei couple step out of their car with their daughter, respectfully opening another car door to help an elderly gentleman out.
When the gentleman emerged, the guests inside the house, who were whispering to each other, all looked outside in disbelief. Wasn’t that Mr. Zhuo? Mr. Zhuo wasn’t someone just anyone could invite; yet, he was here attending Ye Junqing’s engagement party?
Chang Qinghua swiftly approached to interview Mr. Zhuo.
Mr. Zhuo, not one to enjoy media interviews, didn’t seem to mind this time around and even said: “It’s my goddaughter’s engagement party, and as her grandfather, how could I not be here?”
The netizens, feeling deceived, were in shock: “!!!!!”
“Her biological father is the Crown Prince of S Country, her godmother is a towering figure in the music industry, and her godfather is the highly respected political figure Mr. Zhuo. Who was it that told me the Mermaid Girl just got lucky? Step forward, I was so naive! I actually believed that if I went to the civil affairs bureau to draw lots, maybe I could also strike it lucky and snag one of those wealthy bachelors on the list of confirmed bachelors? And here I was, sharing the Mermaid Girl’s posts every day hoping to get single! Who’s going to console my wounded little heart?”
###Chapter 865: Chapter 865: I Can’t Resist My Darling Chapter 865: Chapter 865: I Can’t Resist My Darling “Actually, you all getting heartbroken is nothing, I am Ye Xingguang’s ex-boyfriend’s roommate. Let me spill some tea, guys. Back in college, Ye Xingguang had a boyfriend, and they planned to get married right after graduation. But then, out of nowhere, her ex-boyfriend—my roommate—dumped her and married the school beauty from our campus. At a class reunion, he got drunk and confessed someone paid him ten million to break up with Ye Xingguang. Seeing her family background now, dude’s the one who needs his little broken heart soothed.”
The netizens watching the drama unfold in the comment section couldn’t help but reply, “That’s so tragic, was he blind or what?”
“Blind for sure! But who knew Ye Xingguang had such a powerful background? While at school, she never once mentioned her family situation, just said she was from a remote island. We all thought she was a country girl, but our school beauty, she’s got a household registration in the capital… Bet he’s kicking himself now, and it sounds like his married life isn’t all that great either, poor sap.”
“Do you guys think we’ll get to see the mysterious composer Xia Qiongqiong today? Xia Qiongqiong is also Ye Xingguang’s parents’ adopted daughter, so Xia Qiongqiong and Ye Xingguang should be sisters, right? I’m dying to see the second mermaid of our nation. I’m begging the reporters to deliver, and make sure to focus the camera on Xia Qiongqiong later! Super excited to see her!”
Unfortunately, the live stream was halfway through when Xiao Yun came over and stopped Chang Qinghua from continuing the broadcast.
Some guests were reluctant to appear on camera and didn’t want to be reported. They were just there for the engagement party and preferred to keep a low profile. Chang Qinghua and the entire interview team were almost kicked out by Xiao Yun.
Wasn’t this their own boss’s engagement party? Couldn’t their own media snag an exclusive scoop?
Chang Qinghua went inside to look for Ye Xingguang, who then went to communicate with Xiao Yun. She learned that some guests truly did not want to be captured by the reporters. After negotiating, they went with a text update, but the netizens guarding the live stream were frustrated out of their minds!
Just then, more guests arrived. Ye Xingguang, dragging Ye Junqing with her, personally went to greet them. After the two guests got out of the car, Ye Xingguang made the introductions, “This is Uncle Li, Aunt Ye, they’ve watched me grow up, and they’ve specially flown over from the island to attend our engagement party.”
This Uncle Li, he was Li Yu’s father. Ye Junqing was already aware of who he was. Still, a host must show thorough courtesy.
“Thank you both for coming to our engagement party. Please, come inside.”
Uncle Li and Aunt Ye nodded in acknowledgment, then Aunt Ye took Ye Xingguang’s hand, “Where are your parents?”
“They’re inside, receiving guests. Aunt Ye, it’s been so long, I’ve missed you,” Ye Xingguang cooed.
“Miss me? Last time you came home in the middle of the night, you didn’t even stop by for a visit,” Aunt Ye said with mild annoyance.
Ye Xingguang laughed playfully, intending to accompany them to find her parents, but right then another car pulled up. Chen Fengdu and Xi Yue emerged, and Ye Xingguang was obliged to stay put and welcome them with Ye Junqing.
As soon as Chen Fengdu stepped out of the car, he made his stance clear, “Kid, I didn’t come here just for your engagement party. I couldn’t resist my baby, Xi Yue wanted to attend your little shindig, get it?”noveldrama
Ye Junqing nodded, “Thank you for coming. If there have been any offenses before, I hope you can forgive them.”
“Forgive, my ass,” he said, and then, arm in arm with Xi Yue, strode past them and headed inside.
###Chapter 866: Chapter 866: Lucky, Can’t Help It Chapter 866: Chapter 866: Lucky, Can’t Help It Ye Xingguang clung to Ye Junqing’s arm, snuggling up to her, “This Mr. Chen seems to be one of those people whose words don’t match their heart. I didn’t expect him to show up, though. I thought after you didn’t enter the house and just left your stuff behind that day, he surely wouldn’t come.”
Ye Junqing said, “That’s why you can’t indulge such people.”
Ye Xingguang giggled.
“Nephew.” It was at that moment a voice called out from another car.
The voice was unfamiliar.
Ye Xingguang turned toward the sound and saw an elderly couple accompanied by a middle-aged couple walking over. They were Ye Junqing’s maternal grandfather, nominal grandmother, and their aunt and uncle.
“Grandfather.” Ye Junqing led her toward them and introduced her to the group.
Ye Junqing’s maternal grandfather was also her mother’s father, which meant he was her grandfather as well. Ye Xingguang greeted him, “Grandfather.”
She didn’t call out to the so-called grandmother, aunt, or uncle though, as if these people didn’t really get along with her mother. The mother-in-law had clearly stated that the folks from the Bai family were not invited, yet here they were. Ye Xingguang hadn’t forgotten this aunt, who had ridiculed her mother at the President’s inauguration dinner.
“Hmm,” the elderly Mr. Bai leaned on his cane.
Mrs. Bai reached out and took hold of Ye Xingguang’s hand, feigning affection, “What a pretty girl, your mother is blessed.”
Ye Xingguang looked at the aunt standing beside her and said, “My mother is blessed indeed. Even by marrying a random fisherman, she became the Crown Princess Consort of Country S and raised such a pretty daughter as well. She’s got good fortune, what can I say.”
This aunt, who had been full of vanity at the President’s inauguration, had claimed that her mother had married a fisherman and was living on a remote island, almost reveling in the idea that her mother wasn’t living well, which infuriated both her and her father.
Beside her, Ye Junqing’s aunt Yang Qiaochu wore an embarrassed smile, and this included Mrs. Bai as well. Inwardly, they all experienced an indescribable feeling.
They had assumed that after the Bai family’s young miss had fled her marriage, her life would plummet drastically, a phoenix fallen to less than a hen. Yet recently, it emerged that her fisherman husband was actually the Crown Prince of Country S, a revelation that had deeply frustrated them.
However, Mr. Bai was overjoyed—their son-in-law was the Crown Prince of Country S, a son-in-law he had yet to meet.noveldrama
“Where are your parents?”
His daughter had been married for so many years and still hadn’t brought her husband back home. To date, he hadn’t even had a cup of tea from his son-in-law – preposterous! Today, he intended to have a cup of tea served by his son-in-law personally.
Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu were entertaining guests in the house. Besides hosting the engagement party for their daughter and son, Song Chuanqi also intended to announce to the public that Leng Chenmo was his biological son—an affair that, until now, only his family knew about.
At that moment, Song Chuanqi was introducing Leng Chenmo to Grandfather Zhuo and Li Yu’s father, his voice was full of pride, “Uncle Zhuo, Old Li, allow me to formally introduce my son, Leng Chenmo. He is the biological son of Lan Wu and me. Today is not only my daughter’s engagement party, but also my son’s. It’s a double celebration all at once.”
Li Yu’s father, a longtime neighbor of Song Chuanqi, was incredulous, “Old Song, this joke of yours is a bit much. Since when did you and Lan Wu have such a grown son? I’ve never heard you mention him before.”
Song Chuanqi smiled broadly, “I just recently learned that I have such a grown son myself.”
Leng Chenmo held a wine glass and nodded slightly, “Uncle Li, Grandfather Zhuo.”
###Chapter 867: Chapter 867: He and Elder Zhuo Can Sit on an Equal Footing Now! Chapter 867: Chapter 867: He and Elder Zhuo Can Sit on an Equal Footing Now! Mr. Li and the esteemed Grandfather Zhuo still didn’t believe it. Nearby, Bai Lanwu was telling Mrs. Shen and Ms. Ye about the matter. In the end, her heart was full of gratitude, “Don’t mention your disbelief, even after more than a month, I still find it somewhat surreal.”
Mrs. Shen held her hand, “This is a good thing. You and little Song deserve such fortune. Now that you have both a son and a daughter, and Chuan Qi’s illness has been cured, you can finally enjoy a peaceful life.”
Bai Lanwu said, “I have nothing to do these days but to watch over my grandson or granddaughter.”
While talking, Bai Lanwu also took Mrs. Shen and Ms. Ye to the children’s room. There were now two incubating eggs in the room. One child in the incubating eggs was Ye Xingguang and Ye’s, and the other was Leng Chenmo and Tang Zhou’s.
Bai Lanwu said, “In a little over a month, we’ll be able to determine the gender. I have nothing to do nowadays, so I’m guarding these two little treasures every day.”
Mrs. Shen and Ms. Ye both gathered around the incubating eggs to look and kept congratulating Bai Lanwu as they looked on.
“Mom, grandpa is here,” Ye Xingguang entered the children’s room.
Bai Lanwu’s good mood visibly retracted.
“There’s also grandpa’s wife, her son, and daughter-in-law. Right now, grandpa is talking with dad. Grandpa said he still hasn’t had the tea served by dad. Dad wants you to come out and join him in offering a cup of tea to grandpa.”
“I understand.”
Following her daughter, Bai Lanwu went out to the living room, where Song Chuanqi had already instructed someone to prepare the tea.noveldrama
Grandfather Bai sat in the seat of honor. Today, he was the biggest victor in life. One son-in-law was Ye Baixiu from Ye’s Family, and another son-in-law was the Crown Prince of Country S. One grandson was the current President, and another grandson was the Empire’s richest. Just now, he had heard that even Leng’s Family’s most outstanding child, Leng Chenmo, was his own grandchild!
On ordinary days, among the most respected elders in the Imperial Capital, he wasn’t even one of them, but from now on, things would be different. He and old Mr. Zhuo could now sit as equals!
As Bai Lanwu walked out of the children’s room, she saw her father seated in the place of honor, with servants already bringing two cups of hot tea.
Seeing his wife approach, Song Chuanqi beckoned, “Lan Wu, let’s offer a cup of tea to dad.”
Bai Lanwu’s heart was upright. Seeing her stepmother sitting by her father’s side, she didn’t want to offer the tea at all. She had been raised by her grandparents. At that time, her father was busy starting a new family with her stepmother; how much paternal love had he given her? And now, he had the face to ask for tea.
Bai Lanwu reluctantly picked up the teacup but refused to approach, saying directly, “Dad, you know I’m the illegitimate daughter that Bai’s Family never acknowledged. What’s the significance of this cup of tea?”
Grandfather Bai glared at his daughter who hadn’t been willing to come home for many years. What illegitimate daughter of Bai’s Family? She was his legitimate eldest daughter!
“You child, what are you talking about? You’re my daughter, how could I not acknowledge you? Drink this tea as recognition of your ancestors and returning to the clan. Tomorrow, bring your son-in-law back home.” Having the Crown Prince of Country S visit his father-in-law would give such face!
Bai Lanwu wanted to say something else, but Song Chuanqi shook his head, and together they offered the tea to Grandfather Bai.
Ye Xingguang sneaked up to Leng Chenmo, tiptoed, and whispered in his ear, explaining that her mother was actually the eldest daughter of Bai’s Family, just with her identity swapped with her mother-in-law. Leng Chenmo nodded slightly, indicating he understood.
###Chapter 868: Chapter 868: My Son, He Just Called Me Dad Chapter 868: Chapter 868: My Son, He Just Called Me Dad After Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu had offered tea to Old Master Bai, Leng Chenmo found an excuse to send the two away to avoid staying there and watching Old Master Bai act high and mighty because of his age.
“Mother, father, Tang Zhou’s aunt has come. Could you both accompany me to greet her?”
Although Tang Zhou’s parents were no longer alive, he still had an aunt, the only relative from his side of the family. Tang Zhou’s aunt wasn’t from a wealthy family; she was a member of the ordinary working class but genuinely cared for her two nephews.
Upon hearing this, Song Chuanqi fixed his gaze on Leng Chenmo. What had Shen Mo just called him?
Bai Lanwu’s depressive mood was swept away by Leng Chenmo’s address. Did her son just call her “mother”?
Her son had always referred to them as “You, you, you,”, and this was the first time he had called them father and mother.
Bai Lanwu’s eyes moistened in an instant. Startled, she quickly responded, “Mmm, we must meet her. Where is she? Take us to her quickly.”
“This way.” Leng Chenmo could feel the elders’ excitement. In fact, it wasn’t that he couldn’t say the words, but being no longer a child and not having Tang Zhou’s personality, he was more reserved with his emotions, so he had never found the right moment to change his way of addressing them.
Bringing the elders to face Tang Zhou’s aunt, Leng Chenmo took the initiative and introduced, “Dad, mom, this is Tang Zhou’s aunt.”
At those words, Bai Lanwu’s eyes grew warmer. Holding Tang Zhou’s aunt’s hand, she asked, “Hello, did Tang Zhou’s uncle not come?”
Tang Zhou’s aunt felt slightly awkward in such a setting where everyone seemed to come from distinguished backgrounds. She didn’t know how to socialize, and upon hearing the question, she didn’t know how to respond because she had divorced her husband several years ago and was now a single mother.
Knowing the situation, Leng Chenmo smoothed things over, “Mom, Tang Zhou’s aunt is very fond of Tang Zhou. She has specifically come from Pengcheng to attend our engagement party.”
Bai Lanwu’s heart warmed with every “mom” Leng Chenmo uttered, and she couldn’t hide her excited smile, “Really? I’m familiar with Pengcheng. I lived there for two years when I was young. I still remember Pengcheng’s hot and spicy noodles; they were especially delicious. You can’t find that flavor anywhere else, and even if someone makes them, they’re not authentic.”
Talking about their local specialties gave Tang Zhou’s aunt a topic, “Our Pengcheng hot and spicy noodles mainly depend on the chili. If you like, I can send you some homemade chili sauce when I get back, the most authentic kind.”
“Then thank you in advance. Let’s go sit over there and talk; you must teach me how to make hot and spicy noodles.”
At this moment, Bai Lanwu had no desire to deal with Old Master Bai and eagerly entertained Tang Zhou’s aunt.
Song Chuanqi didn’t follow them. His father’s excited gaze fell on Leng Chenmo; he longed to hear his son call him “dad.” His son had just called out “mom” a few extra times but had not done so for “dad.” Song Chuanqi felt jealous.
Leng Chenmo seemed to see the anticipation in his eyes, “Dad, it looks like someone over there is waving at you.”
Song Chuanqi looked over; it was his younger brother, Ye Baiqing.
Directly steering Leng Chenmo that way, Song Chuanqi’s voice, seemingly calm but filled with pride, boasted, “My son, he just called me ‘dad.'”
This was Ye Baiqing’s first time seeing his elder brother boast like this. He looked up at Leng Chenmo, “Not bad, good son. Your dad has been waiting for that call for over a month. Every few days he called me, asking how he could be a good father, and look how happy it’s made him.”noveldrama
###Chapter 869: Chapter 869: I’ve Taken a Fancy to You, and I Don’t Want to Regret It Now Chapter 869: Chapter 869: I’ve Taken a Fancy to You, and I Don’t Want to Regret It Now Shen Mo stood beside them, listening with a slight smile. After calling out for the first time, he found that it was no longer stressful to say it again. He looked at Song Chuanqi and called out again, “Dad.”
“Son,” Song Chuanqi responded with joyous laughter.
At this moment, all the guests had arrived. The master of ceremonies stood on a temporarily constructed platform, presiding over the engagement ceremony and announcing the official start of the engagement banquet. He invited Song Chuanqi and Ye Baixiu to come forward and give a speech on behalf of their engagement.
Ye Xingguang stood next to Ye Junqing, looking outward.
“What are you looking at?”
“My brother seems to have not arrived yet.”
“Isn’t that him?” Ye Junqing pointed at Xia Ye Zhao, who was talking with Gui Baili.
Ye Xingguang saw him. Hey, that settled it. His own engagement banquet would indeed feel somewhat lacking without his dear brother there.
On the stage, Song Chuanqi said, “I’d like to thank all relatives and friends for attending my daughter’s and my son’s engagement banquet. On this joyful day, I first want to thank the parents of my son-in-law and daughter-in-law for raising such excellent children, who have become wonderful additions to our family. Next, I want to thank all the guests for witnessing this happy moment for both couples. Lastly, I wish that both couples will love each other forever, united in heart. Getting engaged is just the first step in your journey of happiness. The road ahead is long, and I hope you maintain the sincerity of this moment forever. Whenever you face bumps and storms in your marriage, remember how you feel right now, how resolute you are in wanting to be together. As men, you should be considerate towards your wives…”
Ye Xingguang felt her hand being tightly held by Ye Junqing, and when she looked down, their fingers were intertwined.
She playfully said, “Did you hear what my dad said? In the future, when we face any storm in our marriage, you need to be more considerate of me and not just break up with me on a whim.”
Ye Junqing looked down at her, his deep eyes locking onto hers, “I have a bad temper, you know. It’s not too late to back out now.”
Ye Xingguang looked up, ready to kick him. Dog of a man, what is he even saying? Now was supposed to be their wonderful engagement day. “Can’t you say some sweet nothings to comfort me? Even if it’s just to deceive me, aren’t all men good at sweet-talking?”
“I’m just telling the truth,” Ye Junqing replied, embracing her shoulders and continuing in a low voice at her ear, “If you don’t back out now, you won’t get another chance, because I’ll never let go of you. Never again.”
“Hmph, my blindness for falling for you, and now I don’t want to back out. How about that?” she retorted, rolling her eyes.
“Uh…” Just as she finished rolling her eyes, he leaned in, capturing her lips.noveldrama
Not so bad, he thought, deserving a reward for her commitment!
A kiss as romantic as the French, it left her cheeks blushing, and she hardly paid attention to what her father and father-in-law were saying afterward.
Then, she, Ye Junqing, Tang Zhou, and Shen Mo were invited up on the stage. Both couples were matched by the state, and now both had formed a beautiful union.
Ye Junqing had already proposed to Ye Xingguang, but Shen Mo had not yet proposed to Tang Zhou.
On the stage, Shen Mo placed a watch on Tang Zhou’s wrist. What caught everyone’s eye was the sparkling diamond on the watch. Someone recognized it as the “Light of Luck!”
Tang Zhou was startled, shaking his wrist, “This is so cool! What is it?”
Shen Mo’s gaze fixed on Tang Zhou, “I thought a large diamond ring wouldn’t suit you, so I had the diamond embedded into this watch instead. I had this custom watch made as a proposal ring, does it feel insufficiently sincere?”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. More tomorrow. Please vote for the monthly and recommendation tickets. I feel Tang Zhou doesn’t suit wearing a diamond ring haha, the watch suits him better.]
###Chapter 870: Chapter 870: But I Feel Really Anxious!!! Chapter 870: Chapter 870: But I Feel Really Anxious!!! Tang Zhou whispered, “You want me to wear a big diamond ring, but I find it awkward too. Although I’m genuinely a girl, I’ve lived as a tomboy for over twenty years. A watch suits me just right, I like it. This is a custom-made watch from KVRI, right? I saw it in a magazine a few days ago and was planning to buy it. Hey, little sidekick, are we on the same wavelength?”
“What do you think?” Shen Mo’s eyes and brows hinted at a deep, subtle smile.
Damn, that’s cheating, Tang Zhou thought. If he stayed on stage any longer, he might blush, which would be really embarrassing.
Just then, Shen Mo whispered to him, “Your brother and Ye Xingguang will go to the civil affairs office to register their marriage tomorrow. Why don’t we make it a double, as the saying goes, good things come in pairs?”
“What?” Tang Zhou was shocked, and if he weren’t on stage, he would’ve screamed, ‘Are you freaking kidding me?’
He’d only just agreed to an engagement, and now to register for marriage and become a real couple tomorrow? What if they regretted it later?
Later, during the couples’ oath-taking, Tang Zhou’s head was spinning. After stepping down, he immediately grabbed Ye Xingguang, “Ye Xingguang, tomorrow you’re going with my brother to the civil affairs office to register.”
“Um, that should be the case.”
“Don’t you think you guys are rushing a bit? Can’t you delay it a bit?”
Ye Xingguang: “I don’t think it’s rushed.”
Tang Zhou: “But I think it’s rushed!!!”
Ye Xingguang, surprised: “I’m getting registered, what are you anxious about?”
“The sidekick told me to register too.” Tang Zhou’s ears turned red, unbeknownst to himself.
“Oh, you’re already engaged to my brother. Don’t you plan to get registered? Are you playing with my brother, planning to break up with him after having fun?” Ye Xingguang gave Tang Zhou a scornful look.
Tang Zhou was left speechless, “I… I never thought about the future.”
“Ah? You’ve already thought about having kids with my brother, and now you say you haven’t thought about the future? That’s classic scumbag behavior, no, scumbag girl!” Ye Xingguang looked even more disdainful.
“Getting registered is like entering a siege; what if we find out we’re not compatible after entering?” Tang Zhou was really anxious.
Ye Xingguang countered, “Then why did you get engaged to my brother?”
“I… It was like being pushed to do it!”noveldrama
“Scumbag girl!” Dropping the remark, Ye Xingguang couldn’t bother with Tang Zhou anymore.
Tang Zhou felt dejected and went to find Tang Xiao with droopy ears, who was having a lively conversation with Mu Nianbai, Lin Nan, and Mo Zhe.
“What’s wrong?” Tang Xiao looked at Tang Zhou with his head hanging.
“The sidekick said he wants me to go register at the civil affairs office tomorrow.”
Tang Xiao hummed, “Is there a problem? You don’t want to?”
“Don’t you think there’s a problem?”
Tang Xiao pondered, “You think there’s a problem?”
“…” Why did everyone think there was no problem? Was he really the one with the issue?
After thinking for a while, Tang Zhou lowered his voice, “Bro, is it true high divorce rates come from unhappy marriages? Do you think my life with the sidekick could be harmonious? I have no clue; although he says he doesn’t mind, do you think he really doesn’t mind? We haven’t even tried it yet; how could we know?”
Tang Xiao looked at Tang Zhou, “You could try it tonight.”
Tang Zhou instantly bristled, “!!!!”
“This day has to be faced. Remember to be a bit more passionate then; men all like that. If you’re lacking something, you’ve got to make up for it with passion. Brother can only teach you this much.” Tang Xiao patted Tang Zhou’s shoulder with a sense of heavy responsibility.
###Chapter 871: Chapter 871: Tang Zhou’s Counterattack Chapter 871: Chapter 871: Tang Zhou’s Counterattack Seeing Tang Zhou’s constipated expression, Tang Xiao added, “If you really can’t get over your mental block, just drink more tonight. Alcohol strengthens the courage of the cowardly. If tonight goes well, register for the marriage tomorrow. If not, then postpone the certificate again.”
“Why do I feel like the advice from my brother is so unreliable?” Tang Zhou retorted, “Why don’t you drink more, ‘alcohol strengthens the courage of the cowardly,’ and then go and marry Yan Xi? Heh, it’s all talk when it comes to advising others; when it’s your turn, you’re the coward. If you’ve got what it takes, get drunk and settle things with Yan Xi. She’s been single all these years, isn’t she just waiting for you? I dare you to take the initiative just once.”
“Enough, don’t bring up what should be left alone.” Before he could finish his sentence, his mobile phone was snatched away by Tang Zhou.
Tang Zhou flipped through the contacts, trying to find Yan Xi’s number, but after a long search, he couldn’t find it. Instead, he discovered a contact saved with the nickname “20” and out of curiosity, he dialed the number.
After the call connected, no one spoke on the other end. Tang Zhou said with a try-it-and-see attitude, “Hello, Yan Xi?”
“Little Zhou,” the voice came with either a sigh of relief or disappointment.
“Yan Xi, I’m getting engaged today, why didn’t you come to support me? Even if not for me, you should’ve come for my brother Tong. You were desk-mates for twelve years. I don’t care, even if you’re busy with something very important, you have to come over and have a drink at my engagement party.”
Tang Zhou heard something said from the other end and excitedly responded, “Great, I’ll keep waiting for you. If you don’t come, I won’t let this engagement party end. It’s up to you.”
After that, Tang Zhou excitedly hung up the phone and looked up to see his brother Tang Xiao watching him with complicated eyes.
Tang Zhou returned the phone to Tang Xiao, mimicking his brother’s gesture, he patted Tang Xiao’s shoulder with a sense of seriousness, “You have to face this day eventually, remember to be proactive. Women like it when you’re assertive and dominant. If you lack family background, make up for it with initiative. I can only teach you so much; if all else fails, just drink more.”
Watching Tang Zhou leave in an arrogant manner, Mu Nianbai, Lin Nan, and Mo Zhe all revealed knowing smiles.
The three said in unison, “I think Little Zhou makes a lot of sense, brother, don’t chicken out any longer. Everyone knows Yan Xi returned to the capital for you. If you don’t take the initiative, even we can’t stand it anymore.”
“Making fun of me, are you?” Tang Xiao said, fondling his glass.
Twenty minutes later, a Maybach with a military plate stopped in front of the villa. They say the standard business suit includes a three-piece set, and the waistcoat is essential. However, the woman who emerged from the car was missing a waistcoat. She was wearing a white suit with a black V-neck shirt trimmed in gold underneath, strong in presence yet not lacking in sexiness. A luxury watch on her wrist accentuated her authoritative beauty.noveldrama
Her vermilion lipstick made Yan Xi’s face appear very white.
Her light eyebrows emphasized the brightness of her eyes and the density of her lashes.
Her hair, not too long, just reached her neck, fluffy and curled, giving an impression of exceptional sharpness and efficiency.
Tang Xiao stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window, holding a glass of red wine. His warm gaze fell softly on Yan Xi but turned sharp as another man stepped out of the car and joined her.
Mu Nianbai, standing next to Tang Xiao, also noticed Yan Xi wasn’t alone. A man emerged from the car, holding two small gifts, and then, arm in arm with Yan Xi, the two of them walked in openly.
###Chapter 872: Chapter 872: What Kind of Woman Would Wait Forever for a Wimp? Chapter 872: Chapter 872: What Kind of Woman Would Wait Forever for a Wimp? Mu Nianbai stared at Tang Xiao, “Who is that man?”
Tang Xiao didn’t speak, but Lin Nan recognized the person, “The Zhou family’s son, Zhou Jingwen, the young master of a century-old banking family. Not only is his family prestigious, but he himself is a double Ph.D. graduate in finance and psychology. Six months ago, when the Zhou family bank faced a financial crisis, Zhou Jingwen was appointed to take charge of all the bank’s business. With sweeping reforms, in just three months, he had pulled the Zhou family out of the financial crisis and even relocated their bank headquarters from V City to the capital, likely aiming to break into the capital market. His abilities should not be underestimated. This is the consequence of you not taking the initiative. Now, a formidable rival has arrived, and the woman might not be yours to keep.”noveldrama
Mo Zhe, with his hands in his pockets, said, “Stop provoking him. Who is Yan Xi? No matter how many arranged meetings her family sets up, she stands them up. Now, seeing a man holding her hand, she must have taken a fancy to him. What woman would wait forever for a coward?”
Both Mu Nianbai and Lin Nan shot Mo Zhe a look. When it came to provocation, this brother was even more ruthless!
While they were talking, Yan Xi and Zhou Jingwen had already walked in, heading straight toward Ye Junqing and Shen Mo, who were discussing going to the Civil Affairs Bureau tomorrow to get their marriage certificate.
“Congratulations.” Yan Xi took a gift from Zhou Jingwen’s hand and gave it to Ye Junqing.
Then she asked Ye Junqing, “Where’s your little wife?”
Seeing Yan Xi with a gentleman, Ye Junqing felt relieved, waved to Ye Xingguang not far away, and after she approached, confidently introduced her, “This is Yan Xi.”
Then, he introduced his wife to Yan Xi, “My wife, Ye Xingguang.”
“Very beautiful. I wanted to meet you at the President’s inauguration, but Ye Junqing wouldn’t introduce us. I am pleased to meet you,” Yan Xi reached out her hand.
Ye Xingguang shook hands with Yan Xi and naturally, her thoughts drifted onto the gentleman beside Yan Xi, “Thank you for coming to our engagement party. Is this your boyfriend? You two look great together.”
Dammit! In what way did they match?
Tang Zhou rushed over, “Sister Yan Xi.”
“Little Zhou, congratulations,” Yan Xi said while giving another small gift to Tang Zhou.
After Tang Zhou received the gift, he glared at Zhou Jingwen, standing beside Yan Xi, “Sister Yan Xi, who is this? You’re just ordinary friends, right?”
Yan Xi introduced, “This here is Mr. Zhou Jingwen from the Zhou family. I brought him specifically to meet you. Jingwen hasn’t been active in the capital much before, but he’s planning to break into the market here, so he’ll be counting on your support.”
Shen Mo shook hands with Zhou Jingwen, “I’ve long admired your reputation.”
“Brother Leng’s name is the one that resounds like thunder. Today, thanks to Yan Xi, I get to make your acquaintance,” Zhou Jingwen replied.
Ye Junqing also shook hands with Zhou Jingwen, “So Mr. Zhou wants to develop business in the capital. A friend of Yan Xi’s is a friend of mine. Just let me know if there’s anything I can help with.”
Zhou Jingwen said, “Then I won’t be polite with Brother Ye in the future. Speaking of which, we’re alumni, just that one of us was in the east campus and the other in the west. I’ve wanted to get to know you since university but never found the chance.”
“Is that so? What year did you graduate?”
Tang Zhou was about to explode. Couldn’t Junqing and his lackey see that he didn’t like this Zhou Jingwen? Yet, here they were, chatting away amicably with him!
He was nearly beside himself with frustration for his own brother. Wasn’t Yan Xi deliberately making his brother unhappy?
###Chapter 873: Chapter 873 This Candy Is So Delicious Chapter 873: Chapter 873 This Candy Is So Delicious Yan Xi, after playing the matchmaker, turned to Ye Xingguang and asked, “Miss Ye, could you introduce me to someone?”
“Sure, of course, but who do you want to meet?” Ye Xingguang was curious.
“Gui Baili.”
“Uh… sure.” A bit unexpected, but Ye Xingguang didn’t mind playing matchmaker at all.
As they walked, Yan Xi said, “During the summer vacation of the first year in high school, Ye Junqing encountered an accident at sea and barely made it back alive. When I visited him in the hospital, he told me about a magical girl he met at sea. He even named her Ye Xingguang.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
“We shared a desk in school, always neck and neck academically. He rarely daydreamed during class, but once or twice he would sit there, lost in thought, sporting a silly, wide grin. That’s when I knew, he had fallen in love.”
After finishing, Yan Xi took out a piece of paper from her small handbag and handed it to Ye Xingguang, “I heard you were ill before, and it seems I was partly to blame. Here’s a little engagement gift for you, hoping all your ailments disappear.”
Ye Xingguang took the piece of paper, unfolded it as they walked.
On the paper was a drawing of a cartoon figure done with a marker, a chibi version of a head. Others might not recognize it, but Ye Xingguang immediately saw the little cartoon represented herself, with a line next to it: “Should I pray for 500 years in front of Buddha?”
Yan Xi explained, “Ye Junqing drew this during a self-study class in his second year of high school when he was seventeen—the bloom of youthful love. Caught red-handed by the homeroom teacher, he, in desperation, tore the drawing from his notebook and stuffed it into my desk. Later, he asked me for it back, but I didn’t return it, telling him I’d give it to the girl when he won her over. He told me to keep it safe because one day, he would definitely win that girl’s heart. Now, his wish has come true, and I’m happy for him.”
Ye Xingguang struggled to keep the corners of her mouth straight, trying to hide the upward curve of her lips, but couldn’t help but let it show.
Even though it was just a piece of paper, she felt it was so full of love. Ah, it was drawn by a seventeen-year-old Ye Junqing.
“Thank you.” Her heart felt sweet; this piece of candy was delicious.
Yan Xi, with a sharp and efficient smile, said, “I hope we can become good friends. I still plan to have meals with Ye Junqing from time to time. Hopefully, you’ll join us.”
Ye Xingguang nodded, feeling somewhat embarrassed. They approached Gui Baili, who was talking with Chen Fengdu, attempting to clarify who, between Li Yu and Ye Junqing, was the rightful heir of the vampire race.
“Gui Baili, let me introduce you to our nation’s Minister of National Defense, Yan Xi.”
Yan Xi extended her hand, “We meet again, a pleasure.”
Ye Xingguang, curious, asked, “You’ve met before?”
Yan Xi replied, “I have dealt with Marshal Gui more than once, but we’ve never formally met.”noveldrama
Gui Baili looked at Yan Xi thoughtfully for a long time, “We have indeed interacted. I recognize you; you are an outstanding military officer.”
“Likewise, Marshal Gui, would you mind if we have a private chat? I have always been very interested in your country’s military power. I believe if we put past grievances aside, we could actually become allies.” Yan Xi spoke eloquently.
Gui Baili nodded.
Ye Xingguang, determined to be as helpful as possible, offered them a place to talk alone, “Yan Xi, if you go through that corridor over there, there’s a sunroom where you two can talk.”
###Chapter 874: Chapter 874: You Came Here Specifically to Wait for Me? Chapter 874: Chapter 874: You Came Here Specifically to Wait for Me? “Thank you,” Yan Xi made an inviting gesture, “Commander Gui, this way please. I think we will have a lot to talk about.”
Far away, Lin Nan, watching Yan Xi and Gui Baili leave together, smiled at Tang Xiao, whose fingers were tense, “What’s this move? Aren’t you going to check it out?”
Tang Xiao kept clutching his wine glass, just that the force was a bit strong, and his voice seemed steady, “Right now, all the countries are shocked by the trip organized by Han Chengbei. Submarines that can dive two twenty thousand meters deep—such technology, which country wouldn’t want to establish an alliance? Because of the emergence of the underwater nation of Atlantis, Brother Ting has already had many meetings with us. This Gui Baili is said to be the foremost commander of the Atlantis underwater nation. Yan Xi wanting to make contact with him, that’s Brother Ting’s idea.”
“Oh…” Lin Nan drew out the word, “Then why are your knuckles so tightly clenched?”
Hearing this, Mu Nianbai and Mo Zhe both laughed meaningfully.
Lin Nan asked Mu Nianbai and Mo Zhe, “I’m very interested in getting to know the grandson of the World Bank family. Are you guys interested?”
Mu Nianbai replied, “Got nothing better to do.”
Mo Zhe patted Tang Xiao on the shoulder and said, “Wait, I’ll go find out for you how far Zhou Jingwen and Yan Xi have come, whether they have already become boyfriend and girlfriend.”
Tang Xiao didn’t say anything, but neither did he reject his brothers’ goodwill.
About ten minutes later, Mo Zhe sent him a WeChat message, “Latest news, Zhou Jingwen has even bought the engagement ring already. I guess the next step is proposing. It seems like both families are old acquaintances and the parents really hope the two can be together. Brother, if it doesn’t work out, you might as well go to the civil affairs bureau for a lottery. Isn’t it said that as long as you write ten names on the spouse selection section, you can marry the person? Oh, I forgot Yan Xi isn’t subject to state assignments. Then, you might end up single.”
Seeing the WeChat message from Mo Zhe, the calmness in his eyes stirred, and he drained the red wine in his glass.
Yan Xi and Gui Baili talked for a whole half hour before Yan Xi shook hands with Gui Baili, “I hope our two nations can have more military exchanges, and I look forward to Her Royal Highness, the Queen of your country, visiting Nation A for a state visit to open military diplomatic relations.”
Gui Baili responded, “Once Her Royal Highness takes the throne, certainly.”
After saying this, Gui Baili left.
Yan Xi went to the restroom; coming out, she saw Tang Xiao waiting by the door, lighting a cigarette, seemingly lost in the curling smoke.
“Did you wait for me on purpose?” Yan Xi walked towards Tang Xiao.
After Tang Xiao crushed the cigarette butt, he tossed it into the nearby trash can, “How did your talk go with Commander Gui?”noveldrama
“That’s about work. I hope you can ask me in my office,” Yan Xi refused to answer and glanced at the time, “I have other things to do later. If you have nothing else, I’ll be leaving.”
“What is it, a date with Zhou Jingwen?” After Tang Xiao said this, he knew he had asked something degrading.
Yan Xi paused for a moment, covered her lips with a loosely clenched fist, and smiled.
“What are you laughing at?” Tang Xiao’s expression tensed.
Yan Xi restrained her smile, stayed silent for a while, and then seriously nodded, “It’s not out of the question, lately my father’s heart hasn’t been good, and he is very pleased with Zhou Jingwen.”
He knew about her father’s minor heart issues since earlier this year but couldn’t help asking, “And you?”
“What?”
“Do you like Zhou Jingwen?” Tang Xiao could no longer hold back, lowered his head, and looked at her intently as he asked.
###Chapter 875: Chapter 875: Yan Xi Was Pregnant with Your Child Chapter 875: Chapter 875: Yan Xi Was Pregnant with Your Child Yan Xi didn’t answer the question, just took out her phone and sent out a message.
Tang Xiao’s phone immediately rang with the WeChat notification sound. Before he had a chance to look, he heard her say, “The day after tomorrow, my parents and Uncle Zhou and Aunt Zhou will be dining together at this restaurant.”
After she said that, Yan Xi left.
Yanbei, upon hearing that Yan Xi was leaving, walked her and Zhou Jingwen to the door, standing in front of the car and talking to her, “Leaving so soon? Did you come here for my engagement party or to rile someone up?”
“The one who’s proudly taken a beauty home has no right to gloat, let alone about your engagement party. Did you even send me an invitation? If Xiao Zhou hadn’t called me, twelve years of being desk mates would have meant nothing.”
Yanbei responded with an apologetic smile, “A jealous wife at home—please understand.”
“I realized in our childhood that you were heartless when it came to the opposite sex. Thankfully, I never took you seriously.” Yan Xi left these words behind as she got into the car, and then, in a commanding tone, said to Yanbei, “Close the door.”
Yanbei closed the car door for her and, after doing so, tapped twice on the car window.
Yan Xi rolled down the window and heard him lean in and say, “Thanks.”
He hadn’t expected the casual doodle from their youth to have been kept by Yan Xi all this time. His little fishtail, holding that slip of paper, broke into a beaming smile. It was the most valuable engagement gift he had received that day.
Yan Xi sat in the car, full of authority, “I’d rather you exchange those ‘thanks’ for a reciprocal gift to give me.”
A reciprocal gift, huh?
Watching Yan Xi and Zhou Jingwen drive away, Yanbei turned around and glanced at Tang Xiao, who was standing tight-faced in front of the living room’s floor-to-ceiling windows. He thought for a moment, then strode into the house and approached Tang Xiao, “There’s something I’ve never told you about. Before I do, I hope you can keep a level head.”
Tang Xiao listened attentively.
Yanbei looked for a good starting point, “You know about IVF, right?”
Tang Xiao, seeing the look in Yanbei’s eyes as he spoke, instinctively twitched his eyelid.
Yanbei continued, “Before, Yan Xi was pregnant with your child.”
“What did you say?” Tang Xiao’s voice was uncontrollably shocked.
Yanbei went on, “However, she was only a few days into her pregnancy when the annual medical checkup happened. It was the Yan family’s yearly checkup for all family members, and the medical reports were sent directly to Grandfather Yan. Before Yanbei even saw the medical report, Grandfather Yan knew about the pregnancy, and it had only been ten days.”
Yanbei placed a hand on Tang Xiao’s shoulder, “Then one day, Yan Xi called me, saying she was pregnant, but she didn’t know herself. Grandfather Yan told her there was a small problem with her checkup and that she needed a minor surgery. Consequently, Yan Xi underwent the surgery and they took the child.”
Tang Xiao’s fingers tensed, and even the veins on his neck stood out, straining.
“By the time Yan Xi knew, the surgery was already over. She was very upset and tried to call you, but you didn’t answer because of your pride and because Grandfather Yan disdained your family background and had insulted you harshly. When I found her, she was making all sorts of calls. Someone told her that the extracted embryo could be frozen for the time being, perhaps to try to find a solution in the future.”noveldrama
Tang Xiao’s face looked extremely pained, “And then?”
“After a big fight with Grandfather Yan at home, Yan Xi was sent by an enraged Grandfather Yan to the naval forces overnight.”
###Chapter 876: Chapter 876: My Son is About to Be Born Chapter 876: Chapter 876: My Son is About to Be Born “I don’t know what threat the old man Yan used to make you give up on Yan Xi willingly, but I do know that after Yan Xi joined the military, she swore to strengthen herself and never let her family manipulate her life. When she returned to the Imperial Capital this time, I picked her up at the airport. She told me that the child who was taken away is now in an incubation egg. As of now, it has been almost ten months, and the due date is in these next few days.”
In order to simulate the birth of a baby as realistically as possible, the incubation egg also includes a process that imitates natural childbirth. It lets the infant pass through the process of natural birth to officially leave the incubation egg. The reason is, some people emphasize that during natural childbirth, the compression makes the child smarter.
Whether it’s true or not, in any case, the scientific researchers took all of the public’s concerns into account when designing the incubation egg. They aimed to create children in a way that is closest to natural childbirth.
At night, Jun Qing placed his hand on Tang Xiao’s shoulder, “If you don’t take the initiative now, as soon as your son is born, he’ll have the last name Zhou.”
Three minutes later, seeing his elder brother stride out swiftly, Tang Zhou curiously asked, “Brother Qing, what did you say to my brother? Why is he in such a hurry to leave?”
Ye Jun Qing didn’t answer; he just stared at Tang Zhou’s face, “Why is your face so red? How much did you drink? Why drink so much?”
Tang Zhou’s eyes were full of guilt, “My little buddy here didn’t control me, why are you? What exactly is my brother going to do?”
“Chasing his wife, what else.”
In the swiftly moving Maybach, Yan Xi received a phone call, and halfway through, she had the driver stop the car, “Jingwen, you might have to get off. I have an urgent matter to attend to right now?”
“What’s up? Do you need my help?”
Yan Xi’s words were astonishing, “My son is about to be born, I need to go deliver him.”
Zhou Jingwen stared at Yan Xi’s stomach, filled with question marks, “?”
“That’s right, just as it sounds. I need to go home immediately.”
It took Zhou Jingwen a full ten seconds to process, “I’ll come with you. It’s better to have an extra person to lend a hand.”
Tang Xiao drove very quickly and caught up with Yan Xi’s car on the Moonlight Bridge, which leads from the central island to the outside world. Afterward, he followed Yan Xi all the way to the entrance of her apartment complex, where the security guard stopped him.
Yan Xi lived in a high-end apartment complex with strict management. All incoming vehicles had to be registered. After registration, the security would have to confirm the visit with the residents. Finally, the security would escort the visitor to the resident’s home. If there wasn’t an agreement from the resident, outsiders couldn’t get in at all.
Luckily, Tang Xiao knew a friend who lived in the same complex.
He called the friend, and after the friend spoke with the security, Tang Xiao’s car was finally let in. The security guard accompanied him to his friend’s house and then left.
The friend looked at Tang Xiao, “Isn’t it your brother’s engagement banquet today? What’s the situation here, coming to see me at this hour?”
“I’m not here to see you, but, thanks for getting me in.”
After saying that, Tang Xiao took his leave from his friend.
He knew that Yan Xi and his friend lived in the same building, but in that building’s elevator, residents could only go to the floor they lived on; other floors were out of reach. So Tang Xiao went up the stairs through the fire exit.
His friend lived on the fifth floor, but Yan Xi lived on the thirty-fifth floor. He climbed thirty floors to reach Yan Xi’s apartment door.noveldrama
It was a door with a code lock. He tried a string of numbers, and unexpectedly, the door opened. Tang Xiao was momentarily stunned, feeling as if a breath of spring had infused his heart. But right after, he heard a commotion coming from inside.
###Chapter 877: Chapter 877 You Never Told Me Chapter 877: Chapter 877 You Never Told Me The professional medical team from the National Childcare Center had already arrived and were now patiently manipulating the incubation egg, ensuring the child would be successfully born.
Yan Xi stood beside them, her nerves never previously shaken even on the battlefield, but at that moment, her anxiety was such that she clutched Zhou Jingwen’s hand.
Zhou Jingwen thought Yan Xi was joking when she said her son was about to be born, not expecting a child was indeed on the verge of birth. Unflustered by the emergency, Zhou Jingwen let Yan Xi grip her hand while not forgetting to soothe Yan Xi’s emotions.
“Don’t be nervous, we have a professional medical team, and this is just a simulated natural birth. Even if the simulation fails, we could simply open the simulation chamber and directly retrieve the child, so there is no technical danger whatsoever.”
Yan Xi’s emotions seemed to stabilize a bit, “Jingwen, thank you.”
Zhou Jingwen smiled, “This is the first time I’ve seen you get so nervous over a small matter, now I really believe you’re a girl.”
Yan Xi was embarrassed, but replied, “This is no small matter, this child, has had a difficult fate.”
Actually, how was it not a small matter? To extract the child, all that had to be done was to open the incubation chamber of the incubation egg, and even for a natural birth, they just needed to stand aside and watch the doctor simulate the birth process, extracting the child from the incubation egg, completely risk-free.
Zhou Jingwen continued, “It’s fine, it’s also my first time witnessing the birth of a child, a very meaningful process. Have you thought about what to name the child? Do you want me to help pick one?”
Tang Xiao walked in and overheard the two discussing the child’s name.
That feeling, just as night sovereign Ye had said, his son was about to take Zhou’s surname!
Tang Xiao strode over, his voice very stern, “President Zhou, I don’t think you need to worry about what to name my son.”
The next second, Tang Xiao snatched Yan Xi’s hand, then wrapped his arm around her shoulder, staring at the incubation egg. He incredulously gazed at the child inside the egg with a nose, eyes, and even a sense of realism, unable to believe that this was his son!
It wasn’t his first time seeing an incubation egg, as Xiao Zhou’s child was also contained within one. He would go to have a look every day after work, but now, seeing his own flesh and blood about to be born from the incubation egg, his feelings were entirely different.
“Is this really my son?”
“Who told you?” Yan Xi was surprised by his appearance.noveldrama
Between gritted teeth, Tang Xiao spat out three words, “Ye Junqing!”
Well, he indeed returned the favor “an eye for an eye” quickly and promptly.
“You never told me,” said Tang Xiao, his voice filled with indignation.
“So, are you blaming me?” Yan Xi looked at Tang Xiao.
“I’m sorry.”
Yan Xi said, “No need for those three words, I think it’s very appropriate for Jingwen to help me name the child. As for you, who have come uninvited, please leave.”
“You’re not allowing me to witness the birth of my son, preferring another man to accompany you to witness it!” Tang Xiao’s eyes suddenly filled with blood vessels, each one a thread of his suppressed rage.
“That’s what I mean, please leave,” Yan Xi responded, her attitude very cold and firm.
At that moment, a heavenly cry of “wah—” suddenly pierced their ears, stunning them both, immediately diverting their attention away from each other, and turning to gaze at the newly born child.
The doctor took the child, wrapped him up, and handed him to Yan Xi, but Tang Xiao stepped forward in an instant, taking the child directly from the doctor’s hands, the tiny soft bundle making his hands tremble.
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, will continue tomorrow, asking for monthly tickets, asking for recommendation tickets, kisses!]
###Chapter 878: Chapter 878: Holy Crap! For Real? Chapter 878: Chapter 878: Holy Crap! For Real? Yan Xi saw Tang Xiao holding the child nervously, and her usually stern demeanor suddenly softened, “Be careful, don’t hurt the boy. There’s a knack to holding a child.”
Tang Xiao’s eyebrows were knitted tightly, her voice unusually serious, “How should I hold him?”
“Give him to me.”
Seeing that Tang Xiao was unwilling to let go, Yan Xi said, “I’ll teach you how to hold him.”
Only then did Tang Xiao hand over the soft little guy in her arms to Yan Xi. In fact, Yan Xi didn’t know how to hold a child either; she had only watched some videos beforehand. When the child was actually placed in her hands, her level of nervousness was no less than Tang Xiao’s.
At that moment, Yan Xi’s phone in her pocket rang. She opened her phone to check the WeChat message, and with just one glance, her brows furrowed deeply.
…
As the engagement party was nearing its end, Tang Zhou, in a daze, laid on the sofa sleeping when he suddenly received a call from his brother, which shocked him into jumping up, “Bro, what are you saying? Yan Xi gave you a son? Wow! Really? Oooh, I’m going to ask godmother right now!”
Ji Qishu and Mo Fei happened to be beside Tang Zhou, and upon hearing what he said, they both looked at Tang Zhou in unison.
Ji Qishu said, “What, Yan Xi had a son for your brother? Wow, that’s explosive news. How old is the child?”
Tang Zhou was completely bewildered, “My brother said, just born!”
Ji Qishu with a full head of black lines, “Your brother must be joking, right? Yan Xi was just at the engagement party, and her stomach was flat. How could she have been pregnant for ten months and ready to give birth?”
“My brother said the child was cultured in an incubation egg, just reached ten months, and is now born. My brother asked me to see if godmother can help take care of the child. If she can, he will bring the child over today!”
Ji Qishu: “!!! Yan Xi would let your brother bring the child over?”noveldrama
Tang Zhou, who had already drunk too much, was dizzy and now, upon hearing he had a nephew, was so excited he felt like he was going to explode, “Of course! Yan Xi has to work, and so does my brother. How can they take care of a child? Besides, how could the Yan’s Family possibly allow Yan Xi and my brother to have a child? If it stays with Yan Xi, it’s too dangerous for the child!”
After speaking, Tang Zhou excitedly went to find Bai Peiluan.
Bai Peiluan was stunned. After Tang Zhou made the call, Bai Peiluan, holding the phone, said, “A newborn child? Then we need to buy baby clothes, formula, diapers. Ah, why didn’t you say so earlier? Oh, you didn’t know? If Yan Xi agrees, I can take care of the child for you. Give the phone to Yan Xi; I need her consent.”
Right after Bai Peiluan finished her phone call, Yan Xi’s voice came through the phone, “Auntie, I’m sorry to trouble you, but I really don’t have the time to take care of the child, nor do I have any experience. If I hire a nanny, I’d always be worried when I’m not at home.”
“No trouble, no trouble. How can such a small child be left to a nanny, an outsider, to take care of? Send him over, send him over. I’ll take care of him for you. Oh my, this is such great news.”
Ye Junqing had just sent the last batch of guests away. As he entered the house, he saw Tang Zhou running around in the room, saying that Yan Xi had given his brother a son. Leng Chenmo tried to hold him back to no avail; it was clear that he was very drunk and had completely let loose.
A child was born just like that?
Ye Junqing couldn’t help feeling a bit envious; his own son would have to wait nine months to be born, while Tang Xiao didn’t have to wait at all and could bring a plump son home straight away.
Ye Xingguang was tired too and she sat on the sofa chatting with Yi Yujian, who was interested in her communicator ring and asked if she had another one.
Ye Xingguang felt regretful. Indeed, she had none left. Originally, there were two more that Li Yu had asked someone to give to her. After having the engraved words inside the rings wiped off and restoring them to factory settings, she had given them to her soldiers.
###Chapter 879: Chapter 879 Congratulations, Engaged to My Sister
Yi Yujian felt regret.
Ye Xingguang said, “In a few days, I will return to the underwater world, and when the time comes, I’ll bring a few back for you.”
“Why do you still have to go back?”
“Because I’ve set January 1st for my ascension to the throne, and the wedding will be held under the sea on the same day.”
Speaking of the wedding, she was quite looking forward to it. After the wedding, once she got the formula, the big tumor, as well as her dad and Xiao Man, would no longer have to endure the torment of suddenly craving blood.
“Sister-in-law, I’m afraid I won’t be able to continue with my job, I’m truly sorry.”
Yi Yujian smiled, “It’s okay, having a queen from one country work in the press office of the President in A country isn’t appropriate to begin with. Shi Ting is very interested in the underwater nation. He told me he hopes you ascend to the throne soon and thereafter, help establish diplomatic relations between our two countries.”
“That’s exactly what I think! After the ascension, I’ll visit A country in my capacity as the head of state. The temporary underwater federal government also supports this idea. The elders say that opening up is better than being closed off to the world. They support me in establishing diplomatic relations with terrestrial countries.”
Ye Jun Qing came over and heard their discussion. He sat down beside her, “Didn’t I tell you not to really become a queen?”
“But I think being a queen isn’t bad at all. All the reasons I had before for not wanting to be a queen don’t exist anymore.”
Ye Jun Qing furrowed his brows, “Do you plan to stay underwater for the rest of your life after you ascend?”
“Will you stay with me underwater?” She, of course, wouldn’t stay there forever. By asking this, she just wanted to hear his response. Women, after all, liked to hear sweet nothings, like ‘as long as I’m with you, I can stay anywhere with you.’
But Ye Jun Qing’s answer was resolute, “No.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes, “I know, I’ll handle my own affairs, and I won’t make you live with me underwater. Anyway, I’ve already decided on becoming a queen, and in my month underwater, I’ve also been learning how to deal with state affairs.”
Ye Jun Qing was unhappy with her insistence on becoming queen. It was all written on his face. He didn’t believe she could manage a vast underwater empire. All the ins and outs of politics were beyond what she could handle. She would be better off being a noble lady at home. If she wanted to work, the President’s press office was a suitable place for her—a nine-to-five job, simple and relaxed, mostly writing news in the office.
“Moreover, my brother has also encouraged me to be a queen. In this past month, he has taught me how to manage state affairs,” Ye Xingguang added.
Ye Jun Qing: “!!!”
He shouldn’t have allowed Xia Ye Zhao to stay with her, of all the things to encourage her with, he had to encourage her to get involved in the struggle for power!
Feeling irritable, Ye Jun Qing sat in the living room for a while before going upstairs.
He was dealing with some matters in his study. After about twenty minutes, he suddenly received a call from an unfamiliar number.
“Who is this?”
Over the phone, Li Yu’s laughter came through, “Congratulations, you’ve gotten engaged to my sister.”
Li Yu?
Ye Jun Qing put aside the work he was doing, leaned back in his chair, and chuckled coldly, “What, you’re upset that she and I are engaged? Is it so bad that you need to call and provoke me to feel better?”
“Ye Jun Qing, you think too much. In fact, even if you two get married and have children, I wouldn’t care at all. The successor of the vampire lineage has never caught my eye. Do you know why?”
Ye Jun Qing replied with a phrase, “Sour grapes.”
“Ha.” Li Yu reciprocated with a phrase of his own, “Ye Jun Qing, everything is fake. Maybe one day, we’ll have to fight side by side. However, I’m not looking forward to it at all, because, with your intelligence, you’re not qualified to be my teammate.”
After speaking, Li Yu hung up the phone.
###Chapter 880: Chapter 880: Ye Junqing: ‘!!!
Crazy!
Ye Junqing put the phone aside and continued with his work.noveldrama
At that moment, Li Yu sent another text: “I sent you an engagement gift, it’s with your sister.”
Ye Junqing squinted at the text for a while, then got up and went downstairs.
Downstairs, Tang Xiao had just returned with his son. Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan were both gathered around the newborn who was sleeping soundly, eyes closed. After putting down his son, Tang Xiao left as if he had an important matter to attend to.
At this time, Ye Xingguang was looking at the baby, “So cute, but why all wrinkled?”
Bai Peiluan said, “Newborns are always like this. They’ll look better after a few days, becoming prettier by the day.”
“Oh, oh.” Ye Xingguang also wanted to hold him for a while.
Ye Junqing approached her, “Did Li Yu give you the engagement gift?”
“Ah? Oh, yes.”
“Where is the gift?”
“I gave it away.”
Ye Junqing, clearly skeptical, stared at her.
“What are you looking at me like that for? You’re so petty, just hearing the name Li Yu makes you explode. I was afraid your petty jealousy would act up, and since it was a friend’s birthday the day before yesterday, I gave the gift to them instead.”
Ye Junqing stared at her for another moment, then rubbed her head, “Well done.”
“But how did you know Li Yu sent us an engagement gift?”
“It’s nothing.”
Ye Junqing didn’t continue the topic and went to look at Tang Xiao’s son. Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan were discussing what to feed the child since breastfeeding was out of the question, after all, where would the breast milk come from?
Before Tang Xiao left, he had brought down two plastic bags from the car. Bai Peiluan checked them, “We have everything here, formula, baby bottles, diapers, little clothes, all well-prepared.”
“Let me hold him,” said Ye Junqing.
But as soon as Ye Junqing held the baby in his arms, the baby started crying loudly, which startled him as he didn’t know what to do, instinctively looking for help, calling out, “Xingguang, come here, you hold him.”
Ye Xingguang took over but the baby continued to cry. Ye Xingguang was also scared, afraid of holding the baby too tightly, anxiously calling out, “Mom, why is he still crying?”
“Check if he’s wet.” Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan continued to check the items in the plastic bag.
Ye Xingguang took the baby to the sofa and carefully unfolded the swaddle, “Mom, he pooped.”
Ye Junqing glanced and quickly stepped back with a frown.
But Bai Lanwu said, “Junqing, go get a basin of warm water. You two can wash the baby’s bottom. It’s a good chance to practice for later when you’ll need to take care of the child.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
Ye Xingguang, seeing Ye Junqing not moving, said, “Hurry up, the baby must be crying because he’s uncomfortable.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
Now he knew why Tang Xiao left so quickly!
Ye Junqing brought the warm water, placed it on the floor, and Ye Xingguang immediately handed the baby in the swaddle to Ye Junqing, “You wash him, I’ll go sterilize his clothes and get him dressed.”
Suddenly having the baby thrust into his hands, Ye Junqing: “!!!”
Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan, the two sisters, wanted to teach their son how to care for the infant earlier and didn’t help but sat beside him making gestures and instructing him on how to wash the baby.
Ye Junqing: “!!!!” This wasn’t even his son!
###Chapter 881: Chapter 881: Am I such a fragile person?
Ye Junqing swept through the living room and realized that several of his brothers who had been there earlier had all scattered, nowhere to be seen, including the child’s only blood relative, Tang Zhou, who, drunk as a lord, had been carried away by Leng Chenmo.
Ye Junqing, irritated, eyed the yellow substance on the baby’s buttocks and, holding back his disgust, reached over to wash it.
Beside him, both his mother and mother-in-law were instructing him on how to clean it, “!!!!!!!!”
Finally, after getting the baby’s bottom clean, Ye Xingguang came over with the sterilized little pants.
She sat on the sofa, took the clean baby from Ye Junqing, and dressed him in the clean pants. She intended to put diaper pants on the child, but both mothers opined that they shouldn’t put diaper pants on such a small bottom since the baby had just been born. They suggested waiting a few days, so in the end, they used cloth diapers.
After a chaotic flurry of activity, the baby was all cleaned up. The brothers who had vanished without a trace, like Ji Qishu, Fu Zhuo, Mu Nianbai, Lin Nan, and others, suddenly poured back into the living room, each one eager to hold the child.
Ye Junqing: “!!!!!!!!”
Heh, brothers.
After Mo Zhe finished calling Tang Xiao, Lin Nan asked, “Where did Tang Xiao go?”
Mo Zhe replied, “The Yan’s Family has learned of the child’s existence and they’ve blown their top! Tang Xiao went over to the Yan’s Family.”
Lin Nan sighed, “It’s a shame we missed the drama.”
Tang Xiao didn’t return all night, which was tough on Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang. Who knows what the two mothers were thinking, insisting that they both take care of the child overnight as a preview of parenting. After all, as the couple set to get their marriage certificate the next day, they needed to realize that marriage isn’t just about love but also the challenges of raising children, which meant neither of them got much sleep.
The next day, they hurried out the door at nine o’clock, yawning all the way to the civil affairs bureau.
Tang Zhou was in the car right behind them, sitting in the passenger seat, glancing at Leng Chenmo now and then. Whenever Leng Chenmo turned his head to meet her gaze, she’d quickly look away, staring out the window instead.
Leng Chenmo wasn’t sure what she was feeling at that moment, “Still feeling rough?”
“Not at all! Am I that weak?” Tang Zhou stubbornly refused to admit any discomfort.
Damn it! It hurt so much she felt like crying!
It didn’t feel right at all, and she really didn’t feel like going to the civil affairs bureau to register their marriage!
Being drunk hadn’t numbed her senses, so how was she supposed to cope when sober?
Tang Zhou felt a mix of embarrassment and fear.
“It’s probably because it’s your first time. It will get easier with more experience.”
Tang Zhou exploded immediately, “You want more experience? Over my dead body!”
Leng Chenmo smiled and didn’t answer. The car turned a couple of corners, and then he changed the subject, “I think you’re very beautiful.”
Tang Zhou kept her face turned towards the window, not looking back at him.
“That scenery is beautiful too.”
Tang Zhou hummed inwardly, thinking not to be swayed by sweet nothings, as she wasn’t going to continue with this, but then—
“Do you really think so?”
The spineless Tang Zhou unexpectedly turned her head and asked Leng Chenmo, both surprised and touched.
“Mhmm.” Leng Chenmo’s answer was short and clear.
“You must be out of your mind,” she retorted. How could she be beautiful?
However, he hadn’t shown any disgust toward her, and the life she’d led after getting drunk the night before had been intoxicating. Although she’d been drunk, she still had memories; this man hadn’t shown any signs of disdain—the night had been perfect.noveldrama
It’s just that, damn it, the little lackey was too strong!
###Chapter 882: Chapter 882: Rich or Not, I’ll Follow You Blindly
Just as they were about to cross another street to reach the Civil Affairs Bureau, Tang Zhou whined, “Are we really going to register our marriage? Let me tell you, don’t regret it afterward. If you call me ugly again, I’ll have my brothers kill you!”
“I won’t,” Leng Chenmo said. “I want to register our marriage, make you my wife.”
Tang Zhou: “…”
The word ‘wife’ always sounded strange to him.
Okay, although she was female, his thinking had been male-oriented for over twenty years.
Still, he really liked skincare and applying face masks.
Before leaving the house today, he had carefully groomed himself and wore his best clothes because the marriage certificate had to look good in photos.
“It still feels strange,” Tang Zhou murmured.
“Strange where?”
“How are we getting married? I’ve never thought about married life. Let me tell you, if I come home in the middle of the night, you’re not allowed to question me! Don’t think that getting married means you can deprive me of my freedom. I’ll still do whatever I want!” Tang Zhou said haughtily.
“Okay,” Leng Chenmo replied briskly.
“Seriously, have some principles! What kind of wife stays out till the wee hours without the husband minding? Come on, tell me, do you have ulterior motives for marrying me? Are you after my money?” Tang Zhouzhou’s mind was always buzzing.
Leng Chenmo thought for a moment, “How about we sign a prenuptial agreement?”
Upon hearing this, Tang Zhou was displeased, “Why? How much assets do you have for me to care about, that you want to sign a prenup with me?”
“Aren’t you quite wealthy? I’m worried I might be tempted by it.”
Tang Zhou: “…”
After a moment, Tang Zhou haughtily said, “Forget it, I don’t care if you’re after my money. The economic base determines the superstructure, having money gives me the confidence to assert myself in front of you. Without money, I wouldn’t have any sway at all!”
“I’ll go along with you whether you have money or not.”
Tang Zhou said, “That’s because you haven’t fully tricked me yet. Once we get the marriage certificate, who knows if you’ll show your true colors?”
“I think there’s a problem with that statement.”
“What problem?”
“Isn’t it actually that you haven’t fully tricked me yet?” Leng Chenmo tilted his head, giving him a look.
Tang Zhou: “!!!”noveldrama
“If you want to laugh, don’t hold it back.”
I’ll hold it, I’ll hold it, if I can’t, then I’m no Tang!
After holding back for a long while, Tang Zhou triumphantly said, “Leng Chenmo.”
“Hmm?”
After holding back for a long while, Tang Zhou said, “I thought last night was okay.”
Just as the car had arrived at the parking lot of the Civil Affairs Bureau building, and Leng Chenmo was reversing the car into the spot, Tang Zhou blurted this out and then abruptly pushed open the passenger’s side door, quickly got out of the car, and slammed the door confidently.
Ye Xingguang parked his car next to theirs and got out just in time to see Tang Zhou smiling foolishly with her back turned to the car.
“What are you smiling at? You look like you’ve eaten honey.”
Tang Zhou stopped the foolish smile: “Who comes to the Civil Affairs Bureau without a smile? If not with a smile, should they come crying instead?”
Just after finishing, a girl burst into tears as she entered the Civil Affairs Bureau because she was being forced to go there to pick a spouse.
Those who could make it to university only needed to draw lots for a partner after graduating. For someone like her, who didn’t make it to university and had just reached the legal marriage age, she had to come to the Civil Affairs Bureau to draw lots on her birthday, which happened to be today.
Ye Xingguang got out of his car and also heard the earth-shattering cry, then looked up at the Civil Affairs Bureau as if it were a lifetime away. A few months ago, she had also come here with a mournful face.
###Chapter 883: Chapter 883: Cheating Better Than Qing Ge and Xiao Xingguang!noveldrama
Leng Chenmo was the last one to get out of the car. After closing the car door, he walked over to Tang Zhou, “Let’s go, Tangtang.”
“Damn it, don’t you know to call me Xiao Zhou? What’s with Tangtang? If I called you Leng Leng, would you like it?”
“The Tang from candy.”
Tang Zhou: “!!!”
Did he look like a piece of candy?
Inside the civil affairs bureau, Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing were sitting at one service window, and Leng Chenmo with Tang Zhou at another. The marriage process was very simple—for state-assigned partners like them, they didn’t even need to fill out any forms. They simply handed in their assigned marriage certificate, took wedding photos, had the marriage certificate photographed, and the civil affairs bureau issued their marriage certificates.
The photographer, holding a DSLR camera, said, “Smile a little more naturally, particularly Mr. Ye; your smile is a bit stiff.”
Ye Junqing was irritated. It had been three minutes and the photographer hadn’t taken a single photo, just kept saying his expression was wrong. Was his smile really that stiff?
Ye Xingguang noticed his slightly furrowed brows and knew his patience was down to 0.000000001%!
If the photographer annoyed him any further, he guessed he’d probably stop wanting to take the photo.
Worried, Ye Xingguang suddenly tiptoed and quickly pecked the impatient man on the cheek.
Ye Junqing was stunned for a moment and then, unable to contain it, his thin lips curved into a beautiful arc.
Ye Xingguang’s face turned red, and seeing herself laugh in the camera lens, she felt even more amused; the joy at the corner of her lips was uncontrollable.
“Click, OK, very perfect.”
The photographer, checking the photo he just took, had just finished his sentence when Ye Junqing leaned forward, supported the back of her head, and turned a light peck into a deep, lingering kiss…
Ahem.
The photographer immediately lifted his DSLR camera again, clicking several photos of the two, even though such posture photos couldn’t be developed into wedding photos. But he liked capturing these kinds of moments.
Tang Zhou stood by, extremely nervous, sternly warned Leng Chenmo, “Underling, listen, you’d better not spring any surprises here. This isn’t home; it’s public. We need to maintain our image, not indulge ourselves like Xingguang and Brother Qing!”
“Okay.”
When Ye Junqing nonchalantly finished kissing her, pulling her to wait for the photos, Leng Chenmo pulled Tang Zhou in front of the camera. Then, he suddenly whispered to Tang Zhou, “You don’t think last night was more than just okay, do you?”
Tang Zhou: Hold it in! Hold it in! You must hold it in!
“Click! Perfect, both of you have very expressive smiles!” the photographer said, making Tang Zhou’s face uncontrollably turn red.
Was he smiling just now? Was he?
Damn it! The underling was cheating too much! Even more than Brother Qing and Xingguang!
Later, the person responsible for finalizing the photos developed the couples’ photos and even gave Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang a few extra printed photos. Holding the small picture, Ye Xingguang stared at her own image, her face flushed red, but she still held out her hand to Ye Junqing, “Give me your wallet.”
After he handed her the wallet, she joyfully stuffed one of the extra photos that she was most satisfied with into his wallet.
Then, together, they went to collect their marriage certificate.
They soon had the marriage certificate in hand. Seeing the photo of two happy people on it, her heart felt even more beautiful. Finally, having the marriage certificates in hand, she felt a mix of elation and surreal contentment. Oh, the settled feeling of everything falling into place was incredibly grounding.
###Chapter 884: Chapter 884 I Love You
Walking out of the Civil Affairs Bureau, the sunlight shone onto her face, as if even the sunlight was brimming with happiness. She squinted her eyes at the warm winter sun, and for a moment, she felt a familiar scene, as if she had once been with him, holding their marriage certificates and walking out of the Civil Affairs Bureau joyfully.
However, in real life, there are often scenes that feel familiar despite being experienced for the first time, so she just smiled and didn’t mind too much.
Four people took two cars and then went their separate ways.
Leng Chenmo was taking Tang Zhou to visit his foster father at Leng’s Family, while Ye Junqing took Ye Xingguang to have lunch to celebrate obtaining their marriage certificates.
Sitting in the car, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but post on Weibo. She directly uploaded their marriage certificates and a joint wedding photo, along with the text: “Thank you to @Civil Affairs Bureau, thank you to the nation, from now on, I’m learning to be your Mrs. Ye.”
Ye Junqing was driving, so he didn’t reply on Weibo immediately. Instead, he drove to the restaurant and then took out his phone and also posted on Weibo, the same photo, two marriage certificates, the joint wedding photo, along with the text: “Thank you to @Civil Affairs Bureau, thank you to the nation, from now on, I’m learning to be your Mr. Ye.”
As soon as he posted it, the comment section exploded, all uniformly:
Netizen: “Not synchronized with Carp Girl’s instant post, thumbs down!”
Netizen: “Not synchronized with Carp Girl’s instant post, thumbs down!”
Netizen: “Not synchronized with Carp Girl’s instant post, thumbs down!”
“…”
After posting, Ye Junqing didn’t bother to look at the comments. He took her to the western restaurant, sat down, and browsed the menu. He asked the waiter, “Can we bring our own wine?”
“This…Sure,” the waiter hesitated.
Ye Junqing nodded, ordered their meal, and tossed the car keys to Ye Xingguang, “I have a fine bottle of wine in my car’s trunk, bring it over.”
“Eh, are we really bringing our own wine? Isn’t that a bit improper?”
“What’s improper about it? The wine in this restaurant doesn’t match us who just got our marriage certificate.”
“Eh… okay then.”
Ye Xingguang ran out with the car keys, pressed the button, and opened the trunk, still complaining internally about what the waiters might be saying behind their backs. But as soon as the trunk opened, a trunk full of red roses suddenly emerged and caught her off guard.
Ye Xingguang was stunned for a moment.
A couple nearby had just parked their car, planning to enter the restaurant. The woman carrying a handbag glanced at Ye Xingguang’s trunk and couldn’t help but envy her boyfriend, saying, “So romantic!”
No woman can resist the thrill of opening a trunk, especially one that’s filled with vibrant fresh flowers.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was no exception.
In the heart-shaped arrangement of red roses, there was a layer of white lily petals around, and in the center, there sat a pair of small wedding figurines.
Such adorable little figurines representing Ye Junqing and her, in a chibi style, closely resembling both.
Seeing it, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but smile knowingly; this man, he purposely asked her to fetch the wine, but it was actually to prepare a surprise for her.
As she gazed at the profusion of flowers, her heart sweetened. She found a bottle of wine hidden among the roses, paired with a small greeting card.
Ye Xingguang unfolded the greeting card, the handwriting clearly Ye Junqing’s own: “My little mermaid tail, I’ve never said those three words to you, though it’s cliché, I still want to tell you, I love you.”
###Chapter 885: Chapter 885: Absolutely Outrageous!
Ye Xingguang held the small greeting card and pondered—it seemed that this guy had really never said “I love you” to her.
A man had never said “I love you” to her, and yet they were already married. Ye Xingguang slapped her own head with the small card, thinking, Woman! Be smarter!
She smiled and lovingly stuffed the card into her pocket, then, grabbing the red wine, she shut the trunk and turned around to see Ye Junqing sitting in the restaurant, having chosen a seat where he could see her.
When the man realized she knew he was peeping, he immediately turned his face away, adopting a lazy pose and pretending to look at his phone.
Heh, still pretending.
Ye Xingguang returned to the restaurant, placed the red wine on the table, then propped her cheeks with her hands and stared intently at the man pretending to play on his phone, without blinking.
Ye Junqing, unable to keep up the act under her gaze, set his deep eyes on her face. The man who usually didn’t smile, who had just been criticized by the photographer at the civil affairs office for his stiff smile, now couldn’t contain the smile curling up at the corners of his mouth.
“What are you looking at me for?” Even though he couldn’t hide his pleased mood, Ye Junqing still feigned seriousness.
“You’re my husband. If I don’t look at you, should I look at other men?”
She couldn’t hide the little joy in her heart either. Getting married today, she felt so happy. It was the first time she unabashedly and boldly stared, hands propped on cheeks, at his handsome features without looking away.
She never expected his ears to turn red from her staring!
Ye Junqing pretended to cough lightly and leaned back in his chair, “Do you like it?”
“When did you prepare this? From yesterday afternoon to this morning before we left, weren’t we together the whole time? Did you get someone else to prepare it? No wonder you wouldn’t let me open the trunk this morning.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing said, “Such a greasy task, of course, I had someone else do it. Xiao Yun insisted that women love red roses, so I sent him to the florist to handle it casually.”
At this moment, at Ye Family’s manor, Bai Peiluan was furiously yelling, “Who has ruined my rose garden! Who planted all my carefully cultivated roses? Do you have any idea how much effort I put into growing these roses in the dead of winter? I was going to use them to make rose cakes! Which thief did this!”
The servants, not daring to make a sound, stood silently on the side, looking at each other, clueless.
They had just come to water the roses in the rose garden this morning when they saw this mess, but no one dared to report it.
This… really was… utterly heartless to treat the lady’s carefully nurtured roses this way!
Bai Peiluan was extremely angry, unable to find the culprit at home, so she turned to the family group chat to complain to her sons.
Right then, Ye Xingguang heard the notification sound on her phone, opened WeChat, and saw her mother-in-law ranting in the family group.
Bai Peiluan: “@Ye Shiting @Ye Junqing @Lin Nan @Mu Nianbai @Mo Zhe @Tang Xiao @Tang Zhou @Ji Qishu @Fu Zhuo @Mo Fei… All of you, stirring up storms outside, yet can’t even manage your own home, how can you sweep the world if you can’t sweep your own house, I’m about to be angered to death by you all.”
Tang Zhou: “Godmother, what happened? Calmly tell us.”
Bai Peiluan: “Someone destroyed my rose garden, all my carefully nurtured roses were picked, look at the photos!”
Overwhelmed with anger, Bai Peiluan sent three photos of the devastated rose garden in the group chat, utterly diabolical!
[Author Angel: That’s all for today’s update. Will continue tomorrow. Please vote for monthly and recommend tickets. Kisses!]
###Chapter 886: Chapter 886: Major Flip-over Scene
Ye Xingguang enlarged the photo and took a glance, couldn’t help but shield his eyes with his hand, it was truly sickening!
He placed the phone on the table and pushed it in front of Ye Junqing.
Ye Junqing glanced at the photo and was planning to keep up appearances, but when their eyes met, neither could hold back a chuckle, their laughter perfectly in sync.
After laughing a bit, Ye Junqing suddenly leaned over across the table’s distance and, holding the back of her head, left a kiss on her face.
“OMG, this is way too charming! Was dining at a Western restaurant and bumped into Ye the poison and The Carp Girl at the same place. Saw Ye the poison fill an entire car trunk with roses, and even caught them kissing across the table. Ye the poison was smiling so happily! Looking at The Carp Girl, his eyes were full of stars. Posting the picture!”
A girl at the Western restaurant secretly snapped several photos and even a video, and with the heat of their official announcement, uploaded them to Weibo. It wasn’t long before a few big V accounts picked up the post and started sharing it.
Netizen: “Ahhhh! I don’t want to eat this sweet at all, sob sob! I want to get married too! Ye the poison looks so happy, like a little boy who got candy, ahhhhh, this is definitely not the cold and arrogant poison I know from the media!”
Enthusiastic netizens, each displaying their own skills, made a whole array of meme images from Ye Junqing’s pictures.
One particular meme was hilarious—one second before, several months ago, Ye Junqing was being interviewed by KOCO, when the reporter asked whether there was a chance for love to grow over time with The Carp Girl, the very next second after Ye Junqing’s cold and indifferent “No,” the style drastically changed, showing him in the restaurant, locking eyes with Ye Xingguang, suddenly chuckling, leaning in, and giving her a passionate table-crossing kiss.
Netizen: “Hahaha, this meme, what a talent! Absolutely delicious!”
Perhaps inspired by this netizen, those who enjoyed creating memes started making their own featuring the couple.
Soon enough, another netizen found an amusing meme in the flood of meme competitions.noveldrama
The meme showed Ye Xingguang standing by the trunk of the car, looking at a heap of roses, with the chat bubble repeating three explosive phrases, “Simply sickening!” “Simply sickening!” “Simply sickening!”
Netizen: “What’s this meme about? Can someone enlighten me?”
Netizen: “Go check out the KOCO TV station president’s Weibo, Ji Boss posted some of the Ye Family’s group chat records, with Ye Mama’s rose garden destroyed, Ye Mama posting a screen-full of ‘simply sickening,’ haha, too tragic!”
The netizens who enjoyed a good show immediately went to search for Ji Qishu’s Weibo.
Ji Qishu posted a nine-square grid, with the first eight depicting Ye Mama’s chat records in the family group, the next three showing Ye Mama’s devastated rose garden, with the final one being an online photo of Ye Xingguang standing by the trunk of the car looking at the roses.
Netizen I Want to Eat BBQ: “Hahaha, dying of laughter here, what a car crash scene! Simply sickening!”
Netizen I Want to Eat Hot Pot: “Hahaha, all of today’s laughs have been monopolized by Ye the poison, how can it be so joyful? I’m online looking for a husband who would be just as sickening!”
Netizen I Want to Drink Milk Tea: “By the way, do you guys still remember the secret of the Mermaid Theme Park? Xia Qiongqiong still hasn’t shown up to this day. Both Xia Qiongqiong and The Carp Girl are foster daughters of the Crown Prince of S country. The Carp Girl has an even more impressive dolphin sound than Xia Yanyan. I have a bold guess; could The Carp Girl actually be Xia Qiongqiong?”
###Chapter 887: Chapter 887 We’ll Investigate Ourselves!noveldrama
Netizen I Want Fried Chicken: “Impossible, right? Think about it, if the Carp Girl is Xia Qiongqiong, how could there initially have been frequent rumors of domestic violence about Ye the evil tumor, and saying that there was no chance for love to grow over time? After all, the mermaid theme park has been built over many years, and I feel like the Carp Girl and Xia Qiongqiong are probably sisters.”
Netizen I Want Skewers: “So, can anyone tell me if the secret of the mermaid theme park is actually Ye the evil tumor’s confession, that he used to like Xia Qiongqiong and now likes the Carp Girl, is this a case of hitting on both sisters? Haha…”
After Xia Yanyan’s face got swollen from being hit underwater, she had been recuperating at home since returning to land. She had hoped the National Treasure Committee would advocate for her, but instead, she was outmaneuvered, suffered the dumb loss, and was mocked by net users to the point of being embarrassed internationally. She had not stepped out of the house these days.
Today’s Weibo was filled with official announcements from Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang, so she couldn’t even be bothered to touch her phone!
But as she was downstairs holding a cup of coffee, she overheard her parents questioning her older brother about something.
The netizens’ discussion wasn’t loud, but a friend had sent a screenshot of a friend’s comment to Wang Zimei.
Wang Zimei was holding her phone, questioning Xia Ye Zhao.
“Ye Zhao, tell Mom, this net user’s analysis claims that the crazy girl Ye Xingguang is your sister Qiongqiong. You’ve always been so good to that Ye Xingguang; did you know all along that she is our daughter Qiongqiong?”
Xia Ye Zhao sat on the sofa, silent. He really wanted to say yes but feared that if his little sister knew, it would drive a wedge between them.
The embarrassing scene his parents made last time at his little sister’s foster parents’ house had already made a fool of their family and even affected the Xia corporate empire.
Xia Wealth was also interrogating his son: “We’ve investigated for so long and still haven’t located Qiongqiong. Tell us the truth, is Ye Xingguang your sister or not? Aren’t you the one most eager to find Qiongqiong? Now that you know Qiongqiong’s whereabouts, you refuse to tell us. Do you think we would harm Qiongqiong?”
Xia Yanyan stood on the stairs, fingers clenched tightly. What did her parents mean, how could that little White Lotus, Ye Xingguang, possibly be Xia Qiongqiong?
Impossible!
Absolutely impossible!
She wouldn’t allow such a thing to happen!
“It’s not her,” Xia Ye Zhao firmly denied.
Xia Wealth was infuriated: “If not, then tell us, where is Qiongqiong? Do you know how much crisis our family has fallen into recently? We now need Qiongqiong to turn the situation around. If that Ye Xingguang is Qiongqiong, then I would be Ye Junqing’s father-in-law! Only then can we Xia Family escape from the negative press!”
Xia Ye Zhao stood up: “She truly isn’t Qiongqiong. Stop jumping to conclusions based on rumors. Also, don’t disturb her. I don’t want to go with you to the Ye Family to publicly apologize again. The company has fallen into a public relations crisis repeatedly. Just keep the peace, I’m going back.”
“Where are you going back to, this is your home,” Xia Wealth said, angrily throwing the teacup he was holding onto the floor.
But Xia Ye stepped out, the house making him feel like he was suffocating.
As he walked away, he said, “When you can learn to be indifferent, that’s when I’ll bring her back to this house.”
Xia Wealth was so angry he couldn’t recover for quite some time, until Wang Zimei said: “Husband, is it possible that we can find out if it’s really her once that Ye Xingguang dives into the water? Let’s investigate ourselves!”
###Chapter 888: Chapter 888: The Son Really Knows How to Pass the Buck
On the other side, Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang had finished their Western meal and went for a stroll, not returning home until evening was upon them.
As the car pulled into the yard, Ye Xingguang, sitting in the passenger seat, looked through the living room’s French window and saw her mother-in-law and mother taking care of Tang Xiao’s son.
Ye Xingguang was a bit hesitant to get out of the car, “When we get out later, is Mom going to scold you? You destroyed her rose garden; if she settles scores after the fall harvest, don’t expect me to be involved. I’m innocent.”
Ye Junqing pulled the handbrake and dropped a line, “Husbands and wives are birds of the same forest, but when disaster strikes, they fly separately. This saying really is true.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but laugh upon hearing this, “Alright then, I’ll join you in facing the music.”
After the two of them got out of the car, Ye Xingguang opened the back door and carried out all the shopping bags. This time, she hadn’t bought anything for herself; she was entirely focused on gifts for the elders—father, mother, father-in-law, mother-in-law; she hadn’t missed anyone.
“Let me take those,” Ye Junqing said as he took the bags from her hands and then wrapped his arm around her waist to enter the house.
Inside the living room, Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan were busy feeding the baby milk while Song Chuanqi and Ye Baixiu were practicing calligraphy together, each absorbed in their own activity, but clearly getting along splendidly.
“Dad, Mom, we’re back, Junqing and I spent the afternoon shopping and bought you some gifts,” Ye Xingguang announced with boundless enthusiasm, delivering each present to every elder personally.
Particularly when handing a gift to her mother-in-law, she took special care to say, “Mom, Junqing and I spent a long time choosing and finally settled on this bag for you. See if you like it, it’s the latest release for the winter season, and it’s been the hottest selling item this year.”
There wasn’t a problem that a bag couldn’t solve.
Therefore, Ye Xingguang encouraged Ye Junqing to buy a bag for his mother-in-law. This bag was especially suitable for someone her age and really accentuated her poise.
She didn’t forget to make an apology, “Mom, don’t be angry anymore, Junqing knows he was wrong.”
“Humph!” Bai Peiluan showed nothing but a face full of affection for her daughter-in-law, but when confronted with her spendthrift son, she didn’t show the slightest bit of kindness, “Are you supposed to be angry? You want to woo your wife, don’t you know to go buy flowers from an outside florist? Using the flowers I meticulously cultivated to woo your wife, you penny pincher, just like your father!”
Ye Junqing merely smiled without saying a word.
Ye Baixiu couldn’t stand it anymore, “Wife, when have I ever been stingy with you?”
Bai Peiluan replied, “Aren’t you stingy? When have you ever given me flowers that weren’t stolen from my own garden? Like father, like son, I tell you, Junqing has been led astray by you. If any of you dare touch my flowers in the future, I will chop hands without negotiation!”
She was livid!
Ye Junqing still had his excuses, “So, you can’t blame me, I saw Dad pick them all the time, and I thought it was okay to do so. Last night, to take care of Tang Xiao’s little treasure, I simply couldn’t leave to buy flowers at a florist. I think the flowers you planted in the rose garden are even better than those outside. Today is the day Xingguang and I are getting our marriage certificate; I just wanted to give her the best.”
You little rascal, how dare you speak like that?” Ye Baixiu was itching to enforce some family discipline; his son really knew how to pass the buck.
However, Ye Junqing’s words had pacified Bai Peiluan, “Is there anything wrong with what he said? My flowers—are they worse than those outside? My flowers, they are the best, so the best should go to my precious daughter-in-law!”
Ye Baixiu was speechless… So, after all that, was he the only one in the wrong?
Bai Peiluan tugged at Ye Xingguang, “Hurry and show me and your mother your marriage certificate.”
###Chapter 889: Chapter 889: Ouch, My Beloved Daughter-in-law
Ye Xingguang took out the marriage certificate, and Song Chuanqi didn’t practice his calligraphy anymore. He came over to look at his daughter’s marriage certificate, his spirits lifted by the happy occasion: “The photo looks good, the photographer has some real skill. Your mother and I can finally see you settled down. Let’s celebrate properly tonight.”
After he finished speaking, he turned to Ye Junqi and said, “Kid, you better treat my daughter well from now on, or I’ll make sure you regret it.”
“Dad, please feel free to keep me in line,” Ye Junqi replied.
Standing to the side, Ye Xingguang smiled, feeling so blessed to have her parents’ support.
She looked up at Ye Junqi, and when the charming man with the captivating dark eyes noticed her gaze, he looked back at her. For some reason, the man who usually didn’t smile much seemed to have a persistent smile that hadn’t left his eyes and brows all day, and at this moment, his lips curved into a smile again.
“Right, just now your Grandma Shen had an invitation sent over saying you’ve been nominated at a music award ceremony and might even win. She said you should attend in a few days.”
Bai Lanwu went to fetch the invitation and handed it to her.
Ye Xingguang opened it and could hardly believe it: “This is an invitation to the annual Golden Melody Awards ceremony, inviting me to participate?”
Bai Lanwu explained, “According to your Grandma Shen, you’ve been nominated for the Golden Melody Award for Best Composer of the Year. However, this invitation was sent to Xia Qiongqiong. She said it’s up to you whether you want to accept this award.”
“Ah, I see the name now.”
The pieces she had handed over to Master Gu had made Ling Han’s new album a huge hit, and now Ling Han was still dominating all the major music charts. She was known in the industry as a gold medal mystery composer, but being nominated was still beyond her expectations.
She wasn’t sure if she should accept the award.
She sought Ye Junqi’s opinion, “What do you think, should I attend?”
“This is a recognition of your talent, you should go.”
Bai Peiluan hadn’t understood what was going on yet: “What are you all talking about? My precious daughter-in-law won an award? A music grand prize?”
Bai Peiluan leaned over to look, saw Xia Qiongqiong’s name on the invitation, and was disappointed for a moment: “This isn’t my daughter-in-law.”
“Mom, I am Xia Qiongqiong.”
“What? Ah?” Bai Peiluan was flabbergasted, and after a few seconds, her face exploded with shock: “Oh my, my precious daughter-in-law, how did this silly boy of mine manage to find such a treasure?”
Ye Junqi’s face was covered in black lines: Which of her eyes saw any connection between him and the word “silly”?
Bai Peiluan was so ecstatic that she became almost incoherent: “His father always knew he liked mermaids, so we were always busy trying to arrange a marriage with the Xia family for him. But this kid was never enthusiastic or cold about it, making us clueless about his thoughts. Turns out, this was the reason!”
In fact, after all that had happened, Ye Baixiu had guessed as much but still kept a stern face: “You rascal, not willing to admit who you liked, and keeping quiet even knowing we got it wrong. If you had straightly told me you liked Xingguang, I wouldn’t have tried to set you up with the wrong person.”
“Yes, it’s my fault.”
Having just made his father take the blame, now he could only shoulder all the blame himself. Anyway, he was in a good mood today having gotten his marriage certificate.noveldrama
Over here, Bai Peiluan was beaming, probably guessing what they had been discussing earlier and what they were apprehensive about: “Go, of course you should go. Why not? My daughter-in-law is talented, so should we hide her away and not let anyone know?”
###Chapter 890: Chapter 890: Participating in the Music Festival
Seeing Bai Peiluan’s excited look, Ye Xingguang suddenly really wanted to make his mother-in-law proud, “Alright, then I’ll go. I’ve just enough time. Any later and I probably won’t be able to go because I have to return to the sea floor. I’ve made a promise with several elders there to come back in half a month, and this happens to be the last day of that half-month.”
The last night of the half-month journey, the annual Golden Melody Awards ceremony officially opened at eight o’clock in the Imperial City.
As a grand music event, the red carpet was walked by all the big stars of the music scene, with media gathered from all around to catch every singer coming to the ceremony for live interviews. The site was truly glittering with stars.
There were many singers whose names Ye Xingguang couldn’t even recall; after all, although she was attending the awards ceremony, she had never been involved in the music scene and was really an outsider. She didn’t plan to walk the red carpet and slipped in through a special entrance clad in a thick down jacket.
Tonight, Old Lady Shen and Lord Gu were the ones who walked the red carpet together.
Once a golden couple of the music world, dubbed the Mount Tai and North Star of the industry, they had never made a public appearance together after their divorce. Now, their appearance sparked rumors of a reunion, a topic that made the media reporters buzz like flies smelling meat.noveldrama
The host for the pre-show live broadcast was especially keen to surround the two industry giants and not let them go, “Master Gu, I heard that you’ve been pursuing Old Lady Shen again lately. When can we expect to see some wedding candy from you two?”
Lord Gu, with his hair tied in a small braid, dressed more fashionably than the youths and with the charm of a fine wine that only gets better with age, his spirits lifted by the happy occasion, all smiley, “Soon, very soon.”
Old Lady Shen, also dressed with great elegance, not outshone by the thin and beautiful young stars, turned a cold shoulder to Lord Gu upon hearing this, quite dismissively, “What’s ‘soon’? Don’t listen to his nonsense, there’s nothing to it!”
“How can there be nothing? Our reconciliation is just around the corner, we are just in the observation period,” Lord Gu wanted to proclaim to the world desperately. As long as this observation period was over, he was certain he could win back his ex-wife.
The host was nearly brought to laughter by Lord Gu, while the netizens watching the live broadcast were frenziedly hitting like and sending hearts.
Just then, a louder wave of cheers erupted at the venue, reporters and hosts alike turned to look, only to see Xia Yanyan arm in arm with Harry Perry, the president of Perry Corporation, striding forward in high heels.
Despite Xia Family’s recent involvement in a negative PR crisis and Xia Yanyan herself being ridiculed by many netizens to the point of disgrace offshore, her domestic influence could not be undermined overnight. As a national treasure, she had a solid fanbase that made her shine wherever she went, basking in endless glory.
She looked absolutely heavenly in her dress today. The reporters, seeing the inherently newsworthy Xia Yanyan, instantly had their eyes light up, even the host couldn’t wait to leave Master Gu and Old Lady Shen and rushed to interview Xia Yanyan.
Before the host could get Xia Yanyan for the live broadcast, the signer of the guestbook, Xia Yanyan, was caught by reporters prepared with numerous questions, “Miss Xia, we heard that during your recent sea-floor vacation, you had a physical altercation with a local noble lady, and it’s said that the reason was your desire to become the Sea God of their nation, even going so far as to insult their queen. Is this true?”
###Chapter 891: Chapter 891: Grandpa Will Give You All Resources
Upon hearing this, Xia Yanyan narrowed her eyes slightly, nearly enraged by the reporter’s question, but luckily Harry Perry quickly took her by the waist and changed the subject before she could speak: “I have some good news to share with everyone. Next month, Yanyan and I are going to have our engagement party.”
After finishing his words, Harry Perry did not give the reporters any further chances to ask questions. Even the host who wanted to hold a live broadcast with the couple was politely declined by Harry Perry’s assistant. Then, Harry Perry directly took Xia Yanyan into the main hall of the award ceremony, where they were led by staff to their seats.
After sitting down, Xia Yanyan was furious, “Why wouldn’t you let me explain to the media? I was clearly the one being bullied!”
Harry Perry, stretching his legs and draping an arm around her shoulders to comfort her, said, “It’s not suitable to make this issue the center of public attention anymore. Just listen to me, I will definitely seek revenge for you in the future.”
In fact, even Harry Perry believed what live streamer Zhou Shuangshuang had reported about the incident. The truth might just be that she went too far, saying inappropriate things upon seeing that mermaids were treated as ocean deities by the undersea residents, and eventually got into a physical altercation with a noble girl from the underwater community.
After all, in Harry Perry’s eyes, Xia Yanyan was a girl who grew up being constantly flattered, proud and very conceited.
However, these little flaws didn’t bother him much.
Xia Yanyan felt aggrieved inside, “Do you also think I was at fault just like everyone else does? If you think so too, then we might as well break up now, my man must believe in me!”
Harry Perry placated her, “I do believe you. After the award ceremony ends, I’ll take you to a candlelit dinner and then we can go shopping. The bag you liked last time was sold out, but the store manager called my assistant today to say it’s back in stock.”
“A single bag isn’t enough to calm me down. Do you know how much I suffered undersea?”
Harry Perry, skilled at calming women, joked, “Then how about ten bags?”
Xia Yanyan let out a proud humph, thinking that was more like it!
Then she glanced around, and saw the back of someone’s head in the front row that looked very much like Ye Xingguang!noveldrama
White Lotus, how could she appear at such an award ceremony and even sit in the first row!
The seating at this kind of music award ceremony was very particular; even she was sitting in the second row, but Ye Xingguang was sitting in the first!
Upon seeing who was sitting beside Ye Xingguang, Xia Yanyan managed to suppress her temper, feeling furious inside, typical nepotism!
At that moment, Ye Xingguang was sitting next to Old Madam Shen, acting coyly leaning on Old Madam Shen’s shoulder, speaking sweetly and making Old Madam Shen laugh happily, frequently caressing her head and saying, “Only you are so sweet-tongued. I keep telling you to pursue music, but you refuse to follow through; otherwise, you could have won several awards today!”
Recently, Old Master Gu had figured out the trick; as long as he kept supporting Starlight Ye, Old Madam Shen would be willing to talk more to him, being able to accompany her to the award ceremony today was also because he hinted that if Starlight Ye won an award, they would both go on stage to present her with the award.
“Starlight Ye, your Grandma Shen is right, as long as you are willing to pursue music, Grandpa will give you every resource you need.”
Ye Xingguang giggled and playfully shook her head, responding, “Well then, I’ll just release a single every year, and you’ll have to package it for me, Grandpa. Just one song, and I won’t perform it on stage, just casually record it. Will you still give me all the resources to promote just one song?”
###Chapter 892: Chapter 892: Now I Just Want to be a Negligent Emperor
Only putting out one song a year and still commanding all resources, any other artist would have Old Master Gu blowing his beard and staring, telling them to get lost where it’s cooler! But when Old Madam Shen also looked his way, Old Master Gu was suddenly bewitched by her beauty, thinking to himself that a femme fatale knows no age, and now he just wanted to be a foolish monarch, “Alright!”
Ye Xingguang immediately said to Grandma Shen, “Grandma, I think grandpa is still quite capable!”
“Exactly, still capable!” As Old Master Gu said this, he tried to touch Old Madam Shen’s little hand.
But just as he touched it, Old Madam Shen smacked it away: “Old pervert!”
Old Master Gu: “!!!!”
How did he become an old pervert? He had just been a foolish monarch and couldn’t even take a little advantage!noveldrama
Old Master Gu looked at Ye Xingguang, wanting her to make a fair judgment, but Ye Xingguang had already pretended not to see and looked around, only to turn her head and see Xia Yanyan staring at her intently. Ye Xingguang was taken aback and gave Xia Yanyan a bright smile.
That smile, in Xia Yanyan’s eyes, was particularly dazzling, as if flaunting a winner’s posture, showing off something.
Damn White Lotus!
In her head, she thought about her parents’ words, could this little White Lotus possibly be her sister?
Impossible!
If she were really a mermaid, she would have been announced to the public by now, eager to declare herself a national treasure; how could she keep hiding?
But if she’s not, then why is my older brother so nice to her?
Xia Yanyan was utterly annoyed. Ye Xingguang had already stolen Ye Junqing from her, and she would not allow her to take away her status as a national treasure, nor the affection her family had for her!
However, facing Ye Xingguang, she was completely helpless. The Ye Xingguang of today was no longer the same; not only was she officially the young madam of Ye’s Family, but she also had a crowd of people guarding her every day, like a flawless egg, impossible to handle.
Even her parents, who wanted to find an opportunity to push her into the water to see if she would grow a tail, hadn’t found the chance yet.
Xia Yanyan didn’t want her parents to have that chance either, in case Ye Xingguang did sprout a tail, and then she would steal her limelight!
The more Xia Yanyan thought about it, the more annoyed she became!
Ye Xingguang had already shifted her gaze and continued to look around until someone patted her shoulder. She gathered her wandering gaze, and at some point, Han Chengbei had already sat down beside her: “Oh, the person sitting here just now wasn’t you.”
Han Chengbei leaned back nonchalantly against the back of the chair, stretching an arm around her shoulders and whispering to her, “I swapped places with someone just for you, are you touched?”
“Not at all touched.” Ye Xingguang replied quite ruthlessly, and did not forget to push his hand away.
Han Chengbei was annoyed, and continued to ask her in a lowered voice, “My lord, you’re not from the music industry, what are you doing here?”
After asking, he snatched the invitation letter from her hand and opened it, continuing to whisper, “Impressive, got a nomination.”
“Of course.”
Han Chengbei shook his long leg and said, “If you end up winning the Best Composer Award, you’re not planning to go up and receive it yourself, are you? And here I thought you planned to keep your identity under wraps forever. If I had known earlier when I saw on Weibo that a netizen figured out your alias, I wouldn’t have needed to hire people to confuse the public.”
Ye Xingguang also paid attention to the speculation on Weibo that she was Xia Qiongqiong, so, “I wasn’t planning to let people know, coming here today, I just wanted to prove that I am not Xia Qiongqiong.”
###Chapter 893: Chapter 893: Don’t Want to Be a National Treasure, Just Want to Be a Queen
Han Chengbei showed an interested look as he spoke with a hushed voice, “My lord, my precious, quickly tell me, what do you want to do? Big brother will definitely cooperate well with you, but there’s no need to deny it, what’s the point? If I were you, I’d let the whole world know that you’re even more beautiful than Xia Yanyan, a national treasure.”
Ye Xingguang playfully responded, “I don’t want to be a national treasure, I just want to be a queen.”
Han Chengbei threw her a meaningful glance, “Ambitious, I like that!”
Just then, the person who had been sitting in this spot before came over with a bent waist, “Sorry, President Han, can we switch back the seats? The organizers said we need to sit according to the assigned seats.”
Han Chengbei raised an eyebrow, “Which organizer doesn’t have the foresight to see that the person swapping seats with you is me?”
“Really sorry about that,” the popstar kept apologizing.
“You might as well go back, sit in your assigned seat,” Ye Xingguang also urged Han Chengbei, because she quite liked that popstar; she had even met him at an auction before and hoped to ask him for an autograph.
Annoyed, Han Chengbei glared at the popstar, then stood up and said to Ye Xingguang, “I’ll come look for you later.”
“Mm.”
But just as Han Chengbei left, just when Ye Xingguang was about to talk to the popstar, from the corner of her eye, she caught sight of a pair of long, straight legs walking towards her. Ye Xingguang was taken aback, not yet reacting when the popstar told the newcomer, “Mr. Ye, please have a seat.”
“Mm.” Ye Junqing handed his ticket to the popstar, which had his seat number on it.
After getting the ticket, the popstar quickly scurried back to Ye Junqing’s original seat.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Just returned to his seat, Han Chengbei: “!!!”
Damn, Ye Junqing you bastard, playing this trick on me!
Ye Xingguang dared not look at Han Chengbei’s face, but seeing the great annoyance here, she was unexpectedly happy. When the man casually sat down next to her, she excitedly said, “Why are you here? If I had known you were coming, I would have come with you.”
“Decided to come last minute.”
Ye Junqing nodded at Mrs. Shen sitting next to him and then continued talking to Ye Xingguang, handing her a cup of milk tea he bought on the way, “Aren’t you cold wearing so little?”
She was wearing a strapless dress today, exposing her beautiful collarbones.
“No, it’s pretty warm inside. Hey, don’t start taking off your clothes to give me.”
But Ye Junqing had already taken off his suit jacket, draping it over her shoulders, covering her beautiful collarbones under the pretense, “Do you not realize your nose is a bit blocked? This award ceremony is going to last a few hours, what if you catch a cold?”
Yet, she really didn’t feel cold at all. In fact, she had come in wearing a down jacket, and had only taken it off after sitting down, placing it on the back of her seat.
Ye Xingguang pulled out the down jacket from behind her seat and said, “Then I’ll wear my down jacket, don’t take off your clothes and get cold.”
“I’m not cold.” After saying that, Ye Junqing rested his head on her shoulder, mumbling, “I’m going to take a nap.”noveldrama
“…”
Was this man here to attend the award ceremony or to find a place to sleep?
Thinking he was just joking, after resting his head on her shoulder, he really didn’t open his eyes again. Helplessly, she, holding the down jacket, decisively covered him with it, tenderly tousling his fluffy hair.
Sitting far away, Han Chengbei saw that scene and almost burst from rage. This Ye Junqing, just here to flaunt their sweetness!
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, will continue tomorrow, begging for monthly and recommendation votes, kisses]
###Chapter 894: Chapter 894: Actually Got Shortlisted
These two even swapped clothes; a tall man with a nine-head figure is actually wearing a woman’s down jacket, it’s disgusting!!!
But the backstage directors don’t find it disgusting. The cameras caught both individuals and even paused on them for several seconds. The reporters on scene, capturing the moment of Ye Xingguang sleeping on Ling Han’s shoulder, thought it was simply adorable!
At this moment, an opening dance kicked off the award ceremony, and Ling Han, annoyed that his sleep was disturbed, pulled the down jacket up over his ears.
So, what is this guy really here for? It’s simply an insult to the organizers!
After the opening performance, the male and female hosts took to the stage, enthusiastically delivering their opening speeches. Then came the announcement of the awards, one by one. Being an outsider to the music scene, Ye Xingguang maintained the heart of a spectator, watching the award ceremony.
It was not until the host announced, “The next award, Best Lyricist, has eight nominated songs… please look at the big screen…”
As the host introduced, the big screen quickly displayed all the nominated songs for tonight.
Surprisingly, “You Are My Night Star” was also nominated
Ye Xingguang felt surprised, her detached spectator’s heart suddenly becoming nervous, her posture rigid, her own song’s lyrics were written by that terrible lyricist, could it be that he could actually win an award?
In the back row, two singers were discussing the Best Lyricist of the Year award. One of them, Ling Han, also had a song nominated for the Lyricist of the Year; her song was “Blazing Sun,” with lyrics by industry master Kai Shan.
“Every year, the Best Lyricist award is announced based on download and public play counts. My new album was released too late; it couldn’t possibly contend for this award. The ultimate winner is likely to be Xia Yanyan’s ‘Like’. ‘Like’ has topped the charts for eight solid months since the beginning of the year, and her lyrics are exceptionally well-written.”
Sitting with Ling Han, the female singer Liang Qing said, “Although ‘You Are My Night Star’ wasn’t officially released by a record label, it became immensely popular online thanks to the personal endorsement of Elder Gu and the personal lyrics written by President Ling Han. I think ‘You Are My Night Star’ could possibly compete with Xia Yanyan’s ‘Like’.”
Ye Xingguang, with keen ears, stared intently at the host on stage, waiting for the announcement of the final winner.
“Next, we announce the Best Lyricist of this edition! —’Like’s’ lyricist, Miss Xia Yanyan! Congratulations!”
Xia Yanyan elegantly rose to her feet, nodding to everyone, then, with proud steps, walked onto the stage.
As she walked past Ye Xingguang, she glanced at her, and also took a look at Elder Gu. Wasn’t “You Are My Night Star” regarded as his lifetime achievement? Yet, it was still surpassed by her “Like”, wasn’t it?
Heh…noveldrama
Xia Yanyan, walking up with victorious steps, went to receive the award.
Her acceptance speech was particularly moving, prompting applause from the audience.
But at this moment, the female host awkwardly went up on stage and said something to Xia Yanyan, their voices very low. Xia Yanyan’s complexion changed, making everyone in the audience start to wonder with curiosity, what had happened?
###Chapter 895: Chapter 895: Did Her Family’s Big Tumor Come to Wreck the Place?
After that, the male host holding the microphone apologetically said, “I’m sorry, really sorry, I deeply apologize for this major blunder at the award ceremony. Just now, the envelope was mixed up. Now, let me announce once again the winner of the Best Lyricist of the Year Award—Mr. Ye Junqing for ‘You are My Overnight Starlight’. Congratulations!”
Wow!
Such a grand award ceremony, and yet such a big mistake occurred; all the guests started murmuring quietly!
“Don’t mention the Golden Melody Awards having a blunder; last year at the Oscars, there was a similar blunder. Everyone stay calm, stay calm.”
“Now even CEOs want to come to the music industry to snatch awards? Mr. Ye Junqing isn’t even an industry insider; how are we professional lyricists supposed to survive? I, a professional lyricist, actually lost to a business CEO!”
“After Mr. Ye Junqing penned the lyrics for ‘You are My Overnight Starlight’, it indeed went viral online. Alas, if one’s skills are inferior, they can only be bitter about it. But look, Mr. Ye Junqing is sleeping!!!”noveldrama
The guest sitting next to Mr. Ye really wants to say, he’s asleep! Yes, he’s asleep!
When the cameraman aimed the camera at him, the LCD screens at the venue displayed Mr. Ye Junqing dozing off on Ye Xingguang’s shoulder, looking exceptionally handsome even in his sleep, with his thick eyelashes fluttering.
Ye Xingguang covered her face with her hand, utterly embarrassed. Was her family’s troublemaker here to sabotage the event?
On stage, Xia Yanyan’s face had turned extremely unpleased, but she couldn’t lose her temper; she could only return the trophy she had in hand back to the host and then awkwardly leave the stage, utterly furious the whole way!
Even the host on stage saw Mr. Ye Junqing sleeping below; he didn’t know whether to cry or laugh.
Ye Xingguang nudged the man next to her, trying to wake him up and tell him that he had won an award, but Mr. Ye Junqing, as if disturbed in his sleep, slightly furrowed his brows, radiating an aura of ‘dare to wake me up and you’re responsible for my mood upon waking.’
In such a situation, Ye Xingguang wanted to laugh but felt awkward to do so. She could only move his head back against the seat, swiftly covered his entire face with her down coat, and then gracefully stood up and walked toward the stage.
Standing in front of the microphone, she slightly bowed, “Sorry, I’d like to accept this award on behalf of my husband.”
Below, there was laughter and enthusiastic applause.
The male host joked, “Mr. Ye must be very busy with work, probably exhausted from usually working so hard. Not only does he manage the huge Ye Corporation, but he even finds time to write lyrics for songs. Mr. Ye is truly a man of many talents, congratulations.”
A distinguished person from the music industry came forward to present the award, and Ye Xingguang accepted the trophy.
The female host said, “Since this is accepting the award on someone’s behalf, I suggest we change the acceptance speech to an interview. Miss Ye, the lyrics Mr. Ye wrote for this song, did he write them especially for you? ‘You are My Overnight Starlight’, such beautiful lyrics; is this Mr. Ye’s love song to you?”
Initially, when Mr. Ye Junqing sang this song to her, she didn’t think much of it. But now, hearing the host’s question, she couldn’t help but curl up her lips, and standing in front of the microphone, she said, “I think, it probably is. I want to be my husband’s overnight starlight.”
Damn!
Han Chengbei, sitting down below, had concluded that these two had mistakenly entered a musical event only to flaunt their love!
###Chapter 896: Chapter 896 Miss Xia Qiongqiong! Congratulations!
After the Best Lyricist Award was announced, the next award was for the Best Composer.
Ye Xingguang had just sat down when she straightened up in extreme anticipation, quickly spotting her name among the nominees for Best Composer displayed on the big screen.
On stage, the host said: “The nominees for this year’s Best Composer Award are, please look at the big screen, Huang Sanmi’s ‘The Forgotten Me’, Lin Zhuo’s ‘Colorful Clouds’, Xia Qiongqiong’s ‘Partiality’, Chen Xinhang’s ‘Leave if You Don’t Love’, Xiao An’s ‘Moving Hearts’, Xia Yanyan’s ‘North City Stories’…”
On the big screen, the climax of each song was played for ten seconds.
‘Partiality’, the hottest song from Ling Han’s new album, was still topping major charts, and no one has managed to knock it from the first place. Ling Han was extremely happy to hear her song among the nominees.
She was also eager to find out who Xia Qiongqiong, the composer of her new album, really was, and really wanted to meet her.
Now there is a rumor online that Xia Qiongqiong is Ye Xingguang. Ling Han couldn’t help but set her sights on Ye Xingguang in the front row.
From her angle, she could perfectly see the side profile of Ye Xingguang, and for some reason, she always had the illusion that this Ms. Ye looked similar to the young man who sold her the regret medicine in the past, though one was male and the other female.
This Ms. Ye did not look exactly like the youth who sold her the regret medicine before, but now she seemed to be getting more beautiful and more alike.
On stage, the male host said: “This year’s Best Lyricist candidates are all highly competitive, so who will be the final winner? Let us wait and see!”
The female host said while opening the envelope: “Hold on, I need to ask, the envelope given to me hasn’t been mixed up again, because another mix-up tonight, and all of my career’s scandals will be staged tonight.”
There was laughter from the audience, except for Xia Yanyan, who was sitting tensely, furious, with Harry Perry soothing her.
“The winner of the Best Composer Award—’Partiality’s’ composer, Ms. Xia Qiongqiong! Congratulations!”
Upon hearing this, everyone curiously looked around to see who this acclaimed golden composer, Xia Qiongqiong, the Xia family’s second daughter and also the second national treasure was.
Xia Yanyan gripped her fingers tightly, staring at Ye Xingguang, fearful that she would stand up, her breath hitching in her throat.noveldrama
However, contrary to everyone’s expectations, Ye Xingguang did not stand up, but the always indifferent and often slumbering Ye Junqing next to her, suddenly straightened up his collar and stood up, then stepped onto the stage.
People: “?”
Was this the rhythm of a husband receiving an award for his wife, or a wife for her husband?
Everyone was even more curious: Could it be that Ye Xingguang really was Xia Qiongqiong?
Wow!
Not only were the guests excited, but the journalists present were even more thrilled; some had already started typing the latest articles on their laptops, striving to be the first media to release the news.
Ye Junqing, like a walking hormone, walked leisurely to the host, shook hands, and then stood in front of the microphone and said two words: “Accepting on behalf.”
The male host joked: “Mr. Ye, did you just wake up?”
Ye Junqing stood arrogantly on the stage, bathed in spotlight. After Mr. Shen and Mr. Gu, the award presenters, handed him the trophy, Ye Junqing said into the microphone: “Sorry, my wife’s shoulder was too comfortable, I accidentally fell asleep.”
###Chapter 897: Chapter 897: It Really Happened!
Han Chengbei stood below the stage thinking, “I’ll believe you when pigs fly! Definitely intentional!”
The host refused to let Ye Xingguang, who tried to leave after receiving the award, off the hook and caught him to ask, “Mr. Ye, in what capacity are you accepting this award on behalf of Ms. Xia Qiongqiong?”
Ye Xingguang, serious and unsmiling, threw out two words: “Family.”noveldrama
Wow!
Spot on!
Family!
Wouldn’t it be more heart-wrenching to directly say husband!
The media reporters scrambled to issue press releases; Ye Xingguang is Xia Qiongqiong, and today this national beloved couple is torturing the single folks again, the husband collecting the award on behalf of his wife, and the wife collecting the award on behalf of her husband, both outsiders of the music industry, one receiving the Best Composer Award and the other the Best Lyricist Award, how can the insiders of the music industry survive?
Even though the award ceremony wasn’t over yet, a photo of Ye Xingguang, having swapped clothes, asleep on Ye Xingguang’s shoulder, was trending.
#YeXingguangAsleep#
#Heart-wrenchingAwardReceiving#
#GoldenMelodyAwardsMixup#
…
These phrases quickly trended, whether it was due to sheer popularity or some internal manipulation of the microblog by the couple themselves, but regardless, whether at the venue of the music awards or among those browsing on their phones, everyone was talking about these two!
Truly a couple that brings their own buzz!
Walking trend magnets!
At home, Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth received calls from others saying that it was confirmed Ye Xingguang is their daughter, and news had already sprung up, exciting the couple greatly!
When Wang Zimei saw the news, her spirits soared to the extreme. She dragged Xia Wealth over to show him the news: “Husband, look, our little daughter has won an award, the Best Lyricist Award, collected by Ye Xingguang. Our daughter must be Ye Xingguang!”
Looking at the news, Xia Wealth felt like clouds parting to reveal the moon; he, Xia Wealth, is Ye Xingguang’s father-in-law!
Joy brings vigor, Xia Wealth strode outside, “Summon the car.”
“Husband, where are you going?”
“To bring our daughter back!”
Wang Zimei immediately grabbed her purse: “Husband, wait for me, let’s go pick up Xingguang together. The child has come to our house a few times already. I should have recognized earlier she was a capable daughter and several times when she rushed to our house, she surely wanted us to recognize her. Let’s go…”
Meanwhile, Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei together drove to the venue of the Golden Melody Awards ceremony, which was still ongoing.
Seeing her husband receiving an award for her, Ye Xingguang’s smile never left her face. As he sat down, she leaned on his shoulder and whispered, “You did that on purpose, right?”
“It’s only fair,” Ye Xingguang said, glancing down at her.
Ye Xingguang took out her phone, looked at the news released by the reporters and said, “In a bit, the media will have to eat their words. It’s a good thing I had already alerted Teacher Chang not to spread any random news about Xia Qiongqiong.”
Ye Xingguang was actually quite curious, “How do you plan to prove you’re not Xia Qiongqiong?”
“Wait till the award ceremony ends, then I’ll tell you.”
With that, she continued watching the award ceremony. It’s not that she didn’t want to tell everyone she was Xia Qiongqiong, but she didn’t want to be entangled by a certain scoundrel pair of parents. Just the other day her biological brother even called her, saying netizens had guessed her identity. Now, a certain pair of parents had already determined she was Xia Qiongqiong. She definitely didn’t want to become a new pet in the hands of that pair of parents. In this lifetime, she wanted to honor only one pair of parents, her adoptive parents.
###Chapter 898: Chapter 898: Who Else If Not You?
The award ceremony had not ended. Following that, they distributed the Best Arranger Award, the Best Music Video Award, the Best Music Video Director Award, and the Best Album Award.
Normally, the Best Album Award winner would always be Xia Yanyan, but this year, Ling Han emerged as a dark horse and successfully snagged the Best Album Award with his new album “Beloved”.
Xia Yanyan also received an award, and it was a prestigious one too – the Best Female Singer Award. Since Xia Yanyan would take home this award every year, there was no suspense when the host called out her name.
Standing on stage to accept the award, Xia Yanyan was not happy at all. In previous years, she could have swept four or five awards, but this year so far, she had only received one, which, even if it was prestigious, was nothing to boast about compared to the past.
She hoped that she could still clinch the Song of the Year Award – another highly coveted prize!
The Song of the Year Award was the grand finale of the Golden Melody Awards. The ceremony had lasted over three hours and included performances by many singers. Some, like Ye Junqing, had even started to feel sleepy, but finally, the last major prize of the Golden Melody Awards was about to be announced. As soon as the host’s voice rang out, all the stars in attendance perked up.
“I think this year’s Song of the Year will undoubtedly still go to Xia Yanyan, she wins it every year.”
“Wasn’t there a year when Xia Yanyan didn’t win it? Ling Han got it two years ago, right after her debut, winning the Song of the Year as a music industry dark horse! Maybe there’ll be another dark horse this year!”
“Let’s wait and see. I bet on Xia Yanyan. Go Xia sister, go!” A star flattered Xia Yanyan.
Xia Yanyan turned to glance at the sycophant, who was a junior artist from the same company, and graciously smiled at her: “Good luck to you too. It’s great that you could win the Best New Artist this year. Keep up the good work.”
“Thank you, Sister Xia.” The junior was thrilled to be acknowledged by the industry titan.noveldrama
At this moment, the host on stage announced: “Nominees for the Song of the Year Award, please look at the big screen. Xia Yanyan’s ‘Daughter of Heaven,’ Ling Han’s ‘Love on the Horizon,’ Han Yushan’s ‘Aiyo, Missing You,’ Ye Xingguang’s ‘You’re My First Sunshine,’ Qiushan’s ‘Modern Nomination’…”
Ye Xingguang, who had been playing with her phone, suddenly looked up. What did the host just say? She had a nominated work?
Ye Junqing, who was replying to emails on his phone, raised an eyebrow and glanced at the big screen. Seeing his darling with another song on the screen, and knowing it was written for him, he felt that this year’s jury was particularly insightful!
“Honey, do you think I stand a chance?” Ye Xingguang was feeling inexplicably nervous.
Ye Junqing gave her four words: “If not you, who?”
Ye Xingguang sat upright and solemn. One must never get carried away! What if she gets a slap in the face after becoming arrogant?
The competition for the Song of the Year was fierce. Apart from her, the other nominated singers were all music industry giants with powerful fan bases. At this Golden Melody Awards, many fans who bought tickets were sitting in the audience, and they had not ceased cheering all night. Now they were all chanting their idols’ names in unison, with Xia Yanyan’s fans being the loudest, their cheers thunderous.
“Xia Yanyan! Xia Yanyan! Xia Yanyan! Xia Yanyan…”
###Chapter 899: Chapter 899: Yes, That’s How Proud I Am
Hearing the deafening cheers, Xia Yanyan was rather buoyant. She was prepared, her facial expressions meticulously crafted, just waiting for the camera to focus on her face to capture her most dazzling moment, especially since she had always won this award in previous years.
Ling Han was also very nervous. Being nominated meant there was a one in five chance it could be her, and “The Horizon of Love” was an unstoppable single from her new album.
However, she wasn’t absolutely confident. She felt that the hottest song of the year should be “You Are My First Sunshine,” which directly triumphed over the princess of another country at the state banquet, becoming a popular song for many music lovers to challenge in KTV or on various music forums.
Many people tried, comparing their whistle tones to the original singer’s, but to date, no one had yet succeeded. Ye Xingguang’s whistle tone was truly breathtaking.noveldrama
“Who will win the Best Song of the Year? Are you all looking forward to it?”
From the audience below, the name “Xia Yanyan” was still resounding loudly and deafeningly.
The female host smiled as she took the envelope, slowly opened it, and the next second, she pulled out the final result, a hint of surprise flashing in her eyes. Then, she read the result from the list: “The 37th Golden Icon Award for Best Song goes to ‘You Are My First Sunshine.’ Congratulations, Miss Ye Xingguang!”
As the host announced, Han Chengbei had already started a round of enthusiastic applause, followed by thunderous applause echoing around!
Ye Xingguang was stunned for a moment, not yet reacting, when Shen Yuci had already opened her arms and given her an encouraging hug!
This was the student she had personally taught! Although not planning to pursue a career in music, she had certainly not let down the years of cultivation!
Right, she felt so proud. Her proud protégé, whose songs were nominated several times tonight, it was really a great loss to the music industry that her student did not pursue this path!
Ye Xingguang stood up dazedly, bowed in response to the applause from the audience, then walked onto the stage.
When she received the award, everything felt so unreal. Tonight, she had won two awards, her husband had also won an award, and Ling Han’s new album was awarded for the song she composed; she was so awesome that she couldn’t help but be amazed at herself!
Standing in front of the microphone, she didn’t know what to say in her acceptance speech, completely unprepared.
“Thank you to the organizers for their recognition, thank you to the judges, thank you to my teacher — Ms. Shen Yuci, thank you for the years of musical training you’ve given me, and I want to thank my first sunshine — Mr. Ye Junqing, thank you for bringing sunshine into my life.”
The host standing by seemed to have realized something. This song, was it sung for Mr. Ye Junqing?
The host couldn’t miss this tempting gossip opportunity. All awards had already been given out, and at this moment, she immediately seized the chance to ask Ye Xingguang: “Miss Ye, was this song written for your husband?”
“Yes,” she said, looking at Ye Junqing in the audience, recalling the life-and-death moments they shared ten years ago, her emotions deeply stirred.
“What a divine couple! Mr. Ye wrote ‘You Are My Night Star’ for you, and you wrote ‘You Are My First Sunshine’ for Mr. Ye. It seems that tonight, the music industry was fated to be fed by your couple’s sweet moments. But I don’t mind being fed a little more, and I believe our guests here also don’t mind. Miss Ye, could you please perform it again live, as the finale of this Golden Song Award?”
###Chapter 900: Chapter 900: Do You Dare Admit It Publicly?
Is there a need for an answer? Ye Xingguang opened the Golden Melody Awards perfectly with her song “You Are My First Sunshine.”
However, every time she sang this song, she felt particularly heartbroken and wanted to cry, but this time, as she performed on stage, her mood had completely changed. Her “Qin Junye” was not dead and had become her husband; her singing was filled with sweetness and love.
It was like a song of healing.
Old Master Gu remarked from the audience, “Little Starlight did not bring out the original flavor of this song, but she added a lot of happiness and sweetness to it, which has a charm of its own. Wife, what do you think?”
“Who’s your wife? Don’t claim relationships carelessly,” Mrs. Shen retorted with a humph. She could feel that her grand-daughter-in-law’s emotions had changed; there was no hysteria or profound sadness, but Mrs. Shen actually appreciated this change.
When this song was first composed, Little Starlight was just in her teens, still living on the island.
At that time, after hearing the composition, Mrs. Shen had felt her emotional breakdown was too much, so after the song was created, she had never liked her singing it. But now, hearing Starlight sing, Mrs. Shen no longer ed because she heard self-redemption in her voice.
After the awards ceremony ended, Ye Xingguang donned her down jacket, clung to the arm of Ye Junqing, overwhelmed with happiness, “Ah Qing, I think I need to change the lyrics to ‘You Are My First Sunshine.'”
Ye Junqing replied, “I’ve thought for a while that the lyrics should be changed.”
“But if the lyrics are changed, won’t the song’s original flavor be completely altered? I can’t sing it with that same sadness anymore,” she said.
“Then let’s create a new song, write another just for me.”
The two chatted as they walked, just exiting the venue and the building, descending the stairs when they were suddenly approached by two people who excitedly grabbed her hand, exclaiming, “Daughter, precious daughter, we’ve finally found you.”
Ye Xingguang saw clearly who had grabbed her hand and swiftly pulled her hand back. Ye Junqing had already shielded her behind him, giving Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei a cold, angry stare, “Who’s your daughter? Don’t falsely claim kin!”noveldrama
After speaking, he immediately took out his phone to call Xiao Yun and have him bring people in for protection.
Wang Zimei, pointing at Ye Xingguang, said, “How is she not our daughter, Qiongqiong? Your parents are sorry for how they treated you before. We realize our mistake now. Come home with us, let us make up for all these years of neglect.”
Ye Xingguang sneered at Wang Zimei, “Mrs. Wang, don’t you find it funny saying such things?”
Xia Yanyan, arm in arm with Harry Perry, walked out from the event laughing and talking. Glancing up to see her parents surrounding Ye Xingguang, her face became extremely unpleasant. If not for the reporters taking photos nearby, she would have rushed to pull her parents away.
“Qiongqiong, daddy is sorry,” Xia Wealth’s voice was especially affectionate, his eyes fixed on Ye Xingguang, brimming with a bright light.
Yet, in Ye Xingguang’s eyes, it was a greedy light that she wanted to avoid at all costs, “Mr. Xia, your daughter is right there; Xia Yanyan is your daughter, right? In your eyes, what is Xia Qiongqiong? Just a hideous burden that you’re embarrassed to show off?”
“Qiongqiong, as long as you’re willing to give daddy a chance to make it up to you, I’ll do anything for you.”
“Really? Then I want you to confess openly to the press media, tell us about how you threw Xia Qiongqiong into the sea back then, the whole process. Do you dare to tell the media here every single detail right now? Let me see the sincerity of your apology?”
###Chapter 901: Chapter 901: Obtaining a Confession by Trickery
Xia Wealth’s complexion changed drastically; if he were to publicly admit his wrongdoings to the media, his reputation would be utterly ruined. How could he ever do such a thing?
Ye Xingguang waited for a while but did not hear Xia Wealth’s confession. She scoffed, “Is this what you call willing to make amends for Xia Qiongqiong, your willingness to do anything for Xia Qiongqiong? It’s just empty talk, right?”
After she finished speaking, she said to Ye Junqing, “Ah Qing, let’s go.”
“Mhm.”
Xiao Yun had already arrived with his bodyguards, protecting the two of them thoroughly.
Wang Zimei wanted to get close to Ye Xingguang, but Xiao Yun did not give her the chance.
Seeing that the pair were about to leave, Wang Zimei was unwilling to give up: “Wealth, what should we do?”
They indeed had not treated their daughter well, so it was within their expectations that their daughter would refuse to recognize them. Therefore, they had to try even harder to mend the relationship with their daughter. Now that the media had reported on their daughter’s identity, she was another national treasure; this national treasure couldn’t belong to someone else, it had to be theirs. It seemed that without showing some sincerity, they wouldn’t be able to move this young lady.
Xia Wealth said, “Qiongqiong, Daddy will show you with real actions that he truly regrets. Give Daddy a chance.”
Ye Xingguang stopped in her tracks and looked at Xia Wealth, “Then show me your real actions, let me know that you truly regret and genuinely have the parental love a parent should have for their child.”
Ye Xingguang did not believe that Xia Wealth would confess his misdeeds to the media, so she didn’t expect it, simply saying, “I just need you to answer three questions in front of the journalists.”
“First, when you initially decided to have another daughter, was it because Xia Yanyan had chronic granulocytic leukemia and you were afraid that her illness would affect her status as a national treasure? So you concealed her condition and secretly had Xia Qiongqiong to donate bone marrow to her?”
A crowd of journalists surged forward, pointing their microphones at Xia Wealth, eager to hear his response.
Xia Wealth, wanting to smooth things over with Ye Xingguang, was forced to answer this question. His face was a portrait of pain: “Yes, but we did it to save our daughter. Please understand our desperate parental love; we are just parents trying to save our child.”
This was a question the public could actually understand, so it wasn’t hard for Xia Wealth to answer.
Ye Xingguang didn’t plan to ask sharp questions from the start, “Fine, I understand you. After Xia Qiongqiong was born, she didn’t meet your expectations in looks and you were unwilling to reveal her existence. But you needed her to donate bone marrow to Xia Yanyan. Is it true that after donating bone marrow, her health began to deteriorate, yet you refused to care for her, refused to take her to the hospital for treatment, and just allowed her condition to worsen into a serious illness?”
Xia Wealth did not want to answer this question. He looked for a reasonable explanation, but Ye Xingguang had already started to walk away.
“It’s true!” Xia Wealth said anxiously, “Your health deteriorated after the bone marrow donation, but we didn’t know it would be like this at the time. The doctors all promoted that donating bone marrow doesn’t impact health, we didn’t expect such serious after-effects—leading you to become more and more ill…”
Heh, so they don’t admit their neglect worsened her illness, only attributing her condition to after-effects?noveldrama
Ye Xingguang suppressed her anger, scoffing, “The third question—when Xia Qiongqiong was critically ill, Xia Yanyan, ignoring Xia Qiongqiong’s severe condition, dragged her to the deck, challenging her to a race by jumping into the sea for a swim. But when she jumped, didn’t Xia Yanyan not jump at all? Then, did you three just take the boat and leave, abandoning her in the vast ocean?”
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, we will continue tomorrow. Does everyone have monthly passes? I ask for monthly passes, give monthly passes, I ask for monthly passes.]
###Chapter 902: Chapter 902 Truly a Masterful Performance
Xia Yanyan was anxious. Ye Xingguang clearly intended to accuse her of being ungrateful, being saved by her younger sister but then luring her to jump into the sea. If her father acknowledged it, what would she, Xia Yanyan, become?
“Dad!” Xia Yanyan, walking in high heels, passed the reporters to stop Xia Wealth from answering.
Then, looking at Ye Xingguang: “Little sister, you saved my life; how could I ignore your severe illness and deceive you into the sea? Don’t use Dad’s feeling of indebtedness to you to entice him into acknowledging things that never happened. At that time, you were so ill and confused, I just thought being on the deck to get some sun might ease your condition, that’s why I took you to the deck. Were you delirious from a high fever and developed a persecution complex? You were the one who said it was too hot and wanted to jump into the sea to cool off, so you jumped. Mom and Dad, knowing you could swim well, allowed you to jump, not knowing that you would disappear. Even now, I still remember how Mom and Dad kept looking for you on the sea, but no matter what, they couldn’t find you. Do you know how upset and self-blaming they have been since you disappeared? How can you exploit their eagerness to acknowledge and welcome you back to the family, just to make Dad admit these unfounded accusations?”
Ye Xingguang trembled with anger: “So, you’re saying I made all this up?”noveldrama
“Mom and Dad never announced your existence publicly because they wanted to protect you. Do you know how much ridicule the children who failed the mermaid project faced? Mom and Dad just don’t want you to get caught in such public scrutiny; their intention was to protect you. What parents would willingly hurt their own flesh and blood? You have too many misunderstandings and too much hostility towards Mom and Dad. I know you feel very aggrieved that donating bone marrow to me worsened your health; hate me for it, by all means, as after all, your health deteriorated because of the donation to me — and I will never deny this. But you shouldn’t hate Mom and Dad for it; they really care about you, and during these years when you were missing, they were incredibly anxious. They are just a pair of pitiful parents…”
Towards the end of her speech, Xia Yanyan’s eyes began to tear up.
What outstanding acting, crying on cue. She couldn’t cry even though she was shaking with anger.
Ye Xingguang ignored Xia Yanyan, only looking at Xia Wealth: “Is what Miss Xia Yanyan said true? Did Xia Qiongqiong fall into the water herself, harboring resentment in her heart? Or was it because you thought she was beyond hope, and directly threw her into the sea?”
Xia Wealth frowned intensely, feeling that his fiery-tempered younger daughter was about to get enraged again.
Now was not the time to provoke her, but to show sincerity to his younger daughter.
He was eager to mend the relationship with his younger daughter because she was more beautiful, more talented, more prestigious than his elder daughter, and Ye’s Family was clearly stronger than the Perrys; moreover, her foster father was the Crown Prince of Country S.
Xia Wealth’s internal balance constantly weighed the pros and cons, and eventually, he made a decision.
“Qiongqiong, it was Dad who threw you into the sea. I really didn’t know how to save you; you were so gravely ill. I listened to a master who said that by throwing you into the sea, you might just have a miraculous chance of survival, turning misfortune into a blessing. That’s why Dad, with no other options and in great anguish, abandoned you to the sea, hoping you would turn misfortune into a blessing.”
###Chapter 903: Chapter 903: You’re Not Qiongqiong?!
“So, the truth is, either you threw Xia Qiongqiong into the sea, or you had Xia Yanyan trick Xia Qiongqiong into jumping into the sea by competing to see who could jump farther, am I right?”
Ye Xingguang didn’t care about Xia Wealth’s justification for his actions; she only wanted the facts.
Xia Wealth, with a face full of guilt: “Qiongqiong, daddy really had no other choice but to use that method; treating a dead horse as if it were alive. As it turns out, the master’s words were efficacious. You indeed met with fortune through this disaster, and Dad is very relieved.”
Ye Xingguang also pinched her thigh hard, struggling to squeeze out a few tears, showing a very sad expression: “But why does Xia Yanyan deny it? Why does she say it was Xia Qiongqiong who wanted to jump into the sea herself? I really can’t understand why she is still trying to tarnish Xia Qiongqiong’s reputation? Wasn’t it her who tricked Xia Qiongqiong by saying whoever jumps farther gets a prize?”
“Dad!” Xia Yanyan really thought her father had lost his mind, to even admit to such a thing!
However, Xia Wealth felt that only by mending the relationship with his younger daughter could he maximize his benefits, “Yanyan, indeed I have wronged Qiongqiong, you don’t need to cover for me; I don’t deserve to be a father. Fortunately, heaven has given me a chance to make amends.”noveldrama
Just then, someone suddenly shouted, “It’s terrible, someone has fallen into the water, she can’t swim!”
Outside the venue, there was a fountain pool with quite deep water, dangerous for those who couldn’t swim.
The fountain pool was less than three meters away from them.
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang, without further ado, plunged into the fountain pool with a splash.
Instantly, the onlookers and surrounding reporters no longer cared about the interview, focusing instead on the girl who had fallen into the water.
A reporter directly shouldered the camera, capturing the scene of Ye Xingguang diving into the cold winter water to save someone.
Then, some reporters began to sense something was amiss.
“Hey, why didn’t Miss Ye develop a beautiful fish tail as soon as she jumped into the water? Shouldn’t a mermaid transform immediately upon touching water?”
“Right, isn’t Miss Ye Xia Qiongqiong? Why didn’t she transform into a mermaid with a tail? Could it be that Miss Ye is not really Xia Qiongqiong?”
Xia Wealth, who was desperate to mend the relationship with his daughter, also witnessed this scene. Ye Xingguang, who had jumped into the water to save someone, did not grow a beautiful fish tail… She… wasn’t a mermaid at all?
Onshore, the crowd buzzed with discussion, in the water, Ye Xingguang had already grabbed the drowning girl and brought her to shore.
After saving her, Ye Xingguang crouched beside the girl, asking anxiously, “How are you?”
“Tha…thank you…” The girl shivered violently, clearly excessively frightened.
“It’s okay, as long as you are fine.” Ye Xingguang was also cold.
Damn it, jumping into water in the dead of winter, she could freeze to death, but the act had to be played out.
Nearby, Xia Wealth was furious as thunder, “You are not Qiongqiong? You are not my daughter?”
“Did I ever say I was your daughter?” Ye Xingguang suddenly shivered.
From the side, Ye Jun Qing furrowed his brows tightly, quickly took off his black coat and wrapped her tightly, looking down, his dangerous eyes gave her a warning glare. Was this girl’s way of proving she wasn’t Xia Qiongqiong what she had suggested? What if she caught a cold?
Ye Xingguang, unable to bear her husband’s fury, sneered at the furiously angry Xia Wealth, “Those questions earlier, I asked them on behalf of Xia Qiongqiong! In your family, apart from Xia Ye Zhao who truly cares about her and treats her like family, who else cares whether she lives or dies? And now you still have the nerve to want to acknowledge her back into the family?”
###Chapter 904: Chapter 904: Nonsense! This is absolutely nonsense!
“Now you are so eager for her to acknowledge her ancestors and return to the clan merely because it has been revealed online that she has transformed from an ugly duckling into a swan, and that she can bring glory and benefits to Xia’s Family, right? Stop daydreaming. Do you think Xia Qiongqiong is dumb? Is she that starved for love? Does she desperately need the paternal and maternal love you offer? Can’t she live without the warmth of the family you provide? Let me tell you, Xia Qiongqiong will never acknowledge her ancestors and return to the clan in this lifetime. Forget about using her to bring benefits to Xia’s Family!”
After finishing, Ye Xingguang rubbed her nose and said to the man whose face had turned extremely unsightly, “Ah Qing, I want to go home.”
Back to the warm home!
She missed the dumplings her mother made right now.
Ye Junqing made a gesture, and his car slowly drove over; Xiao Yun opened the door for them. However, before Ye Junqing could get her into the car, Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth approached angrily. Wang Zimei grabbed Ye Xingguang’s hand: “You this…”
The words “you damned girl” almost slipped out of Wang Zimei’s mouth!
Fortunately, she remembered the reporters surrounding them and quickly changed her tone, holding onto Ye Xingguang and not letting go: “You kind-hearted girl, just tell us. You, a stranger, really do not know the real situation. We just want to find our daughter back. Qiongqiong was young when she left home, and she doesn’t remember a lot of things. I really, really love her…”
“Is that so?” These words were not spoken by Ye Xingguang, but by Ye Junqing.
He coldly looked at Wang Zimei: “Then let the public hear, how exactly do you really, really love her.”
After that, Ye Junqing gave Xiao Yun a look. Xiao Yun nodded, took out a video, clicked it, and slightly raised his hand, showing the video to the reporters present.
The video was an interview with a maid, a bodyguard, or a gardener who had once worked for the Xia’s family.
The interview was conducted by the well-known investigative journalist Fang Zhiyu.
Journalist Fang first interviewed a maid from Xia’s Family from over twenty years ago.
Facing the camera, the maid said, “I remember back then when I worked at Xia’s Family, it was not known to the public that Mrs. Xia had two daughters. Back then, Madam Xia wouldn’t allow us to speak out. However, the second young miss was not much regarded at home. I remember one instance when the second young miss got sick, I told Madam Xia, who was busy playing cards at the time and merely acknowledged it but did not immediately call the family doctor to treat the second young miss. Later, when the eldest young master came home from school, he had to phone for the doctor. For this reason, the eldest young master even argued with Madam Xia, accusing her of favoritism.”
Journalist Fang: “So, was Madam Xia really partial? Can you recall any instances that prove her partiality?”
The maid responded, “There were many. For example, when cleaning, it was obvious that the eldest young miss’s dressing room was full of beautiful clothes, but the second young miss did not even have a dressing room and wore clothes previously worn by the eldest young miss. For example, during meals, I remember Madam Xia always held the eldest young miss in her arms to feed her. In fact, the second young miss was younger and should have deserved more feedings, but Madam Xia never fed her and often remarked about how ugly she was, saying she couldn’t even take her out. Sometimes the eldest young miss would also call the second young miss a ‘freak’ following Madam Xia’s lead. Honestly, sometimes we servants couldn’t stand it, but there was nothing we could do; we were just servants who didn’t dare to speak out.”noveldrama
“Nonsense! This is absolutely nonsense!” Wang Zimei’s face changed, and she lunged forward, trying to snatch Xiao Yun’s phone.
Xia Yanyan’s face also changed hues, vehemently denying: “I’ve never seen this maid before, she’s a hired extra. Media journalists, don’t believe any of this!”
###Chapter 905: Chapter 905: Discuss Even Trivial Matters with Me First
But the media journalists had already hoisted their hefty cameras and flashes were going off nonstop; some reporters even wanted to ask Xiao Yun for the video.
Xiao Yun tucked away his phone and replied flatly, “KOCO TV will soon release an official investigative interview report.”
After finishing his statement, he closed the car door for Ye Xingguang, had other bodyguards form a human wall to prevent any further harassment from the Xia’s Family.
Xia Wealth was so infuriated that his veins were bulging, but it was too late; he had been utterly outplayed by that girl tonight. No explanation would suffice now. All he could think was: he was truly about to be scandalized and disgraced!
Ye Xingguang’s motorcade slowly drove away, while Xia Wealth, Wang Zimei, and Xia Yanyan found themselves surrounded and unable to leave due to the swarm of journalists.
Questions came at them like a barrage.
“Mr. Xia, is everything true? Initially, you despised and abandoned her, and now do you only want to acknowledge Xia Qiongqiong as your ancestor and bring honor to the Xia’s Family because of her perfect transformation?”
“Mrs. Xia, they’re both your daughters, so how can you treat them so differently? Is it because Xia Qiongqiong is utterly disappointed with you that she refuses to show herself? How much childhood trauma have you actually caused Miss Xia Qiongqiong?”
“Miss Xia, your sister donated bone marrow to save your life, yet you called her an ugly monster. You even tricked her into debauchery when she was critically ill. Don’t you feel any remorse?”
“…”
Xia Yanyan shielded her face with her hand: “It’s not true, it’s all lies, just rumors. Han Sen, Han Sen…”
At this moment, Xia Yanyan could only desperately call for Harry Perry to come to her rescue…
Elsewhere, inside the speeding Rolls-Royce, Ye Xingguang pressed down on the control for the privacy glass in the front row, switching from transparent to privacy mode with one click to block the driver’s view, then quickly took off the damp gown from Ye Xingguang.
He then found a dry towel to wrap around her wet hair.
After turning the heater up to the maximum, he warned her sternly, “Don’t jump into water in the dead of winter ever again!”
“Alright, alright, I get it. I did it to prove I’m not Xia Qiongqiong, to avoid the entanglement of some people with hidden agendas. But don’t worry, I didn’t swallow any water. I’m wearing a waterproof invisible panty. Let me show you.”noveldrama
As she spoke, she then sat in her seat and took off the waterproof invisible panty.
“Invisible” just meant it was flesh-colored.
Ye Xingguang had no regard for the exposure and boasted, “I bought this waterproof panty especially from the underwater mall. I figured it would come in handy, preventing me from fearing going out on rainy days. And indeed, it really came in handy tonight, look.”
Ye Xingguang glanced sideward and saw her fair thighs, and his gaze continued to move up…
“Cough cough.”
Ye Xingguang deliberately coughed twice. What was this woman showing him, if not blatantly tempting him to commit a crime?
Ye Xingguang covered her with his coat, then scooped her whole body into his arms, drying her hair with a towel, “Next time, consult with me before you do anything.”
“It was just a small matter.”
“Even with small matters, consult with me first.” His tone was imperious, brooking no disagreement.
“Fine then.”
That’s better.
Ye Xingguang looked down tenderly at her, “Are you upset?”
“I don’t feel much anymore. I’ve long been disillusioned. How could I possibly give them the power to make me upset? Now, I just want everyone to see their true faces, so that one day, if I ever decide to reveal my identity, neither the media nor the public will morally coerce me into taking care of them in their old age.”
###Chapter 906: Chapter 906: Your harem can only have me!
Ye Junqing wrapped her in his arms, reluctant to let go: “Don’t worry, even if they want to morally blackmail us, I won’t give them the chance. KOCO will soon publish the investigative report for everyone to see. That’ll give them a tough time.”
“I didn’t expect you to have a backup plan.” Ye Xingguang felt a warm comfort inside.noveldrama
However, Ye Xingguang felt sorry for her own dear brother: “Now, the Xia’s Corporation will be implicated as well. I still hold shares in the Xia’s Corporation; does this mean I’m digging my own financial grave?”
“Do you lack that bit of money?”
His large palm covered the back of her hand: “Mrs. Ye, do you have any idea what your net worth is after marrying me? Once the next Forbes list updates, you’ll be one of the notable rich women. Put on the air of a wealthy woman, it’s okay to lose a bit of money, why feel sorry?”
“I’m feeling sorry for my brother. He is the president of the Xia’s Corporation and he has to clean up this mess. I reckon the stocks of Xia’s Corporation will hit the limit down again tomorrow.”
Ye Junqing didn’t sympathize.
Ye Xingguang said: “If the Xia’s Corporation has a problem, remember to lend a hand, alright? My brother is your uncle-in-law.”
This uncle-in-law had never really helped him. The little friendship they had was about to run out, and Ye Junqing sniffed dismissively.
“Did you hear me?” Ye Xingguang pinched his waist.
Ye Junqing then said: “I know. Your brother is supremely capable. A bit of negative news like this won’t be enough to put him in crisis. The Xia’s Corporation is essentially his making. As for Xia Wealth, heh, completely lacking in business acumen!”
Really?
Then she could rest easy.
Ye Junqing continued: “Xia Wealth just got lucky to have a son as capable as your brother. Otherwise, he would have been overshadowed by the eldest and third branch of the Xia’s Family.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t have much impression of her eldest uncle and third uncle; she only knew that among the three sons of the Xia’s Family, Xia Wealth was the most mediocre. His capabilities were no match for those of his eldest brother, and in terms of social maneuvering, he was inferior to his third brother, the least visible within the Xia’s Family.
However, fortune smiled on him because both the eldest uncle and third uncle only had daughters, whereas Xia Wealth had a son. Later, the couple joined the mermaid transformation program and gave birth to Xia Yanyan, becoming the ultimate winners of the Ying’s Family.
Ye Junqing changed the topic: “Really going back underwater tomorrow?”
“Mhm.” Ye Xingguang swayed the bracelet on her wrist: “When I was leaving, the third elder put this on my wrist. I don’t know what it is, but I feel that if I don’t return on time, this thing will claim my life.”
A murderous intent flickered in the depths of Ye Junqing’s eyes. He gripped her wrist, voice low and pressing: “Why have you never told me about this?”
“If I return on time, it should be fine. Don’t worry, you are now the heir to the vampire clan. I’ll just wait for you at the bottom of the sea to come and marry me with your dowry. Later, we can heal you, my dad, and Xiao Man. I can also become queen, opening up a market in the underwater world for you—killing several birds with one stone.”
“Heh…” Ye Junqing didn’t find these words tempting at all.
What worried him now was that once she became that queen, she would never be able to leave and would have to stay in that bleak and sunless abyss!
No matter how advanced technology might be, in his eyes, it was a dreadful place!
Ye Junqing pulled her tightly into his arms, warning her: “Let me tell you, there can only be me in your harem! If you dare create a palace of three palaces and six courtyards for me to see, I’ll turn into an asura. I’ll make sure all of your three palaces and six courtyards meet the King of Hell!”
###Chapter 907: Chapter 907: The Tyrannical, Paranoid, Abnormal, Shameless Little Demon King
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help it anymore and burst into laughter, “So, you weren’t encouraging me to be queen because you were worried about this?”
Is it that funny? This infuriating little mermaid tail!
“I’m worried that you won’t be able to handle the deceit and strife that comes with power!”
“My brother told me to persevere. If the elders see that I’m politically motivated, they definitely won’t let me succeed. Actually, my ultimate goal is to be a titular queen, enjoying the rights supported by the nation. Those constitutional monarchies on land, where the queen is beloved and the country is managed by the cabinet, I certainly don’t want to stay under the sea year after year. I still enjoy the sunshine and starry skies.”
That’s more like it!
“I’ve arranged for Fu Zhuo to go with you. Although his EQ isn’t great, his IQ is up to par. He’s never given me any trouble at work. Having him as your special assistant will keep you from getting tricked without realizing it.”
“Would Fu Zhuo be willing?” She worried about his reliability.
“You saved his life at sea, and he is still fervently grateful. When I was turning the vampire clan leaders, he gave no small assistance. Now, if you asked him to walk through fire and blade for you, he would do it without hesitation.”
Saying this, Lord Ye still felt reluctant and lowered his head to say, “In seven days, I will bring the dowry and come to marry you. Then, watching you ascend to the throne, I’ll be your male empress consort, monopolizing your three thousand consorts.”
Why does that sound so funny?
…
The next day, Ye Xingguang embarked on her journey back to the underwater empire.
Lord Ye sent a helicopter to take her to a coastal city to board a submarine. The entourage included Gui Baili and others, Fu Zhuo, and Xiao Yun leading dozens of bodyguards, a mercenary group headed by Fire Liuli, and a market development team from Ye Corporation.
The reason Lord Ye dispatched a market development team from Ye Corporation was because he wanted to collaborate with companies in the underwater empire, secure agency rights for communication rings, and even directly establish his own R&D team to monopolize the emerging land-based market for communication rings.
After boarding the submarine, except for Ye Xingguang, everyone else was extremely excited; after all, they had seen the underwater city in Zhou Shuangshuang’s live streams, so they were all eagerly looking forward to this underwater journey.
In the submarine’s buffet restaurant, Fu Zhuo chatted warmly with an accompanying officer named Han, inquiring about the companies that were still manufacturing and selling communication rings.
Officer Han was also a talkative person, chatting with Fu Zhuo while they ate.
Soon, Fu Zhuo understood that in the underwater kingdom, communication rings were mainly monopolized by two major conglomerates, Giant Star Group and Galaxy Group, with four or five other groups holding smaller market shares that couldn’t compete with the two giants.
Officer Han said, “If you really want to cooperate, I suggest working with Giant Star Group. The president of Galaxy Group is a tyrannical, paranoid, shameless little demon. Working with Galaxy Group will give you headaches.”noveldrama
“Really? Hearing you say that makes me more interested in Galaxy Group. Officer Han, could you give me information on the president of Galaxy Group? I like a challenge; things without challenges aren’t fun.” Fu Zhuo was boasting.
“Are you sure you’re set on Galaxy Group? Trust me, brother Fu, Giant Star Group is the better choice.” Officer Han earnestly advised.
Fu Zhuo thought for a moment: “May I ask, which group’s communication ring does Her Majesty the Queen wear?”
###Chapter 908: Chapter 908: A Five-Year-Old Tycoon?
Vice Officer Han said, “That’s the latest couple communication ring released by the Galaxy Group.”
“I’ll go with the Galaxy Group then. Before departing, our lord specially instructed us to secure the distribution right for that communication ring from Your Highness the Queen. Vice Officer Han, I toast to you, thanking you in advance.” As he spoke, Fu Zhuo gracefully raised his glass.
Vice Officer Han, holding his glass: “You’ll regret not taking my advice.”
However, Vice Officer Han still touched the communication ring in his hand and brought up the profile of the president of the Galaxy Group on the virtual keyboard.
Vice Officer Han, feeling a sense of lingering fear, said, “It’s this little demon king! Don’t be fooled by his young age, thinking he’s just a cool five-year-old kid. Let me tell you, this little guy is quite ruthless, many have suffered at his hands. If you choose to work with the Galaxy Group, you’ll definitely be taken for everything you’ve got. This is truly advice that sounds unpleasant but is good for you.”
Fu Zhuo glanced at the data on the virtual screen, “Vice Officer Han, are you joking with me? The CEO of your empire’s leading corporation is actually a cool five-year-old kid?”
Fu Zhuo stared at the cool and adorable five-year-old cutie on the virtual screen, feeling as if his worldview was being updated. In his mind, it was all about the new waves pushing the old ones, with the old waves dying on the beach. Indeed, if a five-year-old cutie can be a CEO, then he must certainly be one of the old waves that got crushed on the shore.
But, wait!
Fu Zhuo looked closely and wondered why that little cutie in a black suit, looking so familiar, seemed like someone he’d seen somewhere before, but he couldn’t recall where!
So, Fu Zhuo took another look.
The little boy’s face was so exquisitely beautiful that it was flawless, the kind of delicate features that made you want to take him home and raise him. What was key was that little cold expression of his, a spitting image of a mini tyrannical CEO.
Fu Zhuo suddenly smacked his forehead; he remembered now, wasn’t this how Lord Qing looked like when he was young?
Fu Zhuo still remembered when he was young, being brought home by Ye Baixiu, and seeing two boys in the Ye Family, one of whom was Lord Qing, two years younger than him. But with a cool and adorable little face at one glance, Fu Zhuo decided then he’d take care of this younger brother!
How does this little five-year-old CEO from the bottom of the sea resemble the young Lord Qing so much? Could it be that this little guy’s mother clandestinely took Lord Qing’s essence? Could this be Lord Qing’s illegitimate child?
Fu Zhuo’s imagination went wild, unable to stop!
Calm down, calm down!
After all, everyone has a nose and two eyes, the world is full of people who look alike, so don’t make a big fuss out of it!
Fu Zhuo continued looking at the profile; this little tyrannical CEO was named Mo Yinhe, naming the group directly after his own name?
The data showed that Mo Yinhe was the wealthiest person in the Undersea Empire!
A five-year-old tycoon?
Oh my god! Fu Zhuo thought this little guy must have inherited his father’s billion-dollar fortune, reincarnation is indeed a skill.
As he was planning to read further, Vice Officer Han had already closed the profile page of Mo Yinhe and, like a professional salesperson, began to pitch the Megastar Group to Fu Zhuo.
“Assistant Fu, I urge you to think it over carefully. Let me show you the CEO of the Megastar Group. Just one look and I guarantee you’ll change your mind. Here, this is the female CEO of the Megastar Group; isn’t she cute enough to charm the heavens? Just one glance and you’d go through fire and water for her, right? That’s right, although she’s only three years old, no one can resist her charm.”
Fu Zhuo: “!!?!”noveldrama
The five-year-old tycoon had already shocked Fu Zhuo to the point of dropping his jaw, but the Megastar Group was even more astonishing—a three-year-old little girl?
###Chapter 909: Chapter 909: Are You Charmed by This Cute Kid?noveldrama
Don’t say that just one glance at that photo makes people feel instantly smitten, those chubby pink cheeks make you really want to reach out and pinch them!
Moreover, Fu Zhuo discovered that this adorable little princess, with her features, is the spitting image of a mini Ye Xingguang?
Isn’t that too much of a coincidence?
The five-year-old CEO of Mo Yinhe Group looks like Elder Qing, the three-year-old CEO of Megastar Group looks like Little Xingguang, what’s going on, don’t tell me these two kiddos were secretly born by Elder Qing and Little Xingguang ten years ago?
That’s impossible, they can’t possibly be five and three years old.
Fu Zhuo racked his brains and ultimately reassured himself, coincidences happen all the time, it’s not a big deal if people look alike, stay calm!
But this little princess looks way too cheaty, could all of Megastar Group’s clients be mommy fans?
The documents show that the female CEO of Megastar Group is named Yin Xiaohua.
That name is really down-to-earth, probably the prettiest little flower!
Vice Officer Han is still touting: “Believe me, choosing Megastar Group is definitely the right move.”
“Are you enchanted by this cute little tot? Why do I feel Mo Yinhe Group is more suitable for discussing cooperation?”
After all, a five-year-old is a bit more reliable than a three-year-old, discussing cooperation with a toddler would render him completely unable to talk, just one glance and he would lose all principles without a bottom line, agreeing to whatever the other party says in a daze.
So, compared to the adorable little princess, the cool and cute stoic young CEO is a better fit!
“Vice Officer Han, why don’t you tell me more about Mo Yinhe’s Mo Yinhe Group instead?”
Having talked at length and still not snatched the customers for Megastar Group, Vice Officer Han was clearly unhappy, immediately putting on a perfunctory attitude: “What’s there to talk about, Mo Yinhe Group, the most pitfall business in the world, communication bans, submarines, real estate… In short, they have a lot of industries, if there’s money to be made, there’s nothing Mo Yinhe Group doesn’t get involved in, they aren’t afraid of biting off more than they can chew. However, with the support of two major families behind Mo Yinhe Group, naturally, whatever they invest in makes money – they enjoy the shade under a big tree!”
“Are you saying Megastar Group doesn’t have any backing? That shouldn’t be the case, just like our terrestrial companies, without backing, it’s impossible to become a leading enterprise, let alone I heard that your undersea empire is tightly controlled by six major families.”
Of course, there’s backing. Megastar Group has the support of three major families, but of course, Vice Officer Han, who is selectively amnesiac, just feels that Mo Yinhe Group, which has always been arch-rivals with Megastar Group, is never pleasing to his eye, definitely unfair competition!
For this reason, Vice Officer Han doesn’t hesitate to smear Mo Yinhe Group: “That little devil Mo Yinhe, is a complete little shyster! He bullies the market, monopolizes the market, and moreover, maintains a bunch of nefarious forces. When he can’t beat his competitors, he has his underlings violently attack the competition. Generally, companies or groups that cooperate with them don’t end up well. If you’re not afraid of encountering local bullies and end up unable to extricate yourself, go ahead and try.”
Others might be intimidated, but Fu Zhuo, who enjoys the support of the Queen, is unlikely to be easily discouraged.
Ye’s Group has deep roots and numerous tactics, this is nothing new, how else can one become the richest if not for some capability?
Along the way, Vice Officer Han racked his brains but couldn’t convince Fu Zhuo.
After the submarine reached the dock of the undersea capital city, Vice Officer Han had given up on trying to reason with Fu Zhuo, unwilling to utter another word to him, and decisively went to respectfully invite Her Majesty the Queen to disembark.
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, will continue tomorrow. Do you guys have any monthly tickets? I fancy climbing the monthly ticket chart. Asking for monthly votes, begging for monthly votes, begging for monthly votes, looking forward to your support with eager eyes]
###Chapter 910: Chapter 910: Looks a Bit Like Yin Xiaohua!
Xiao Yun had already visited the underwater world several times before, but the bodyguards he led, as well as the mercenary group headed by Huo Liuli, were all visiting this twenty-thousand-league underwater location for the first time. They each took antihypertensive medicine, walked out of the submarine, and entered a dock as grand as an airport terminal, all inevitably showing a sense of novelty.
However, as they were all worldly, even though they felt curious and intrigued, they refrained from taking out their phones to snap pictures left and right.
The queen’s return to the nation was met with the usual grandeur. Third Elder, Geshu Tang, along with several other elders and imperial high officials personally came to the dock to welcome her.
Upon seeing Geshu Tang, who pretended to be a beautiful young boy, Ye Xingguang immediately extended her hand and gave Geshu Tang a knowing look, signaling him to remove the bracelet from her wrist.
“Xiao Jiujiu, why are you so timid? It’s just a tracking bracelet.”
Geshu Tang revealed a pure and youthful smile fitting of a high school boy.
“I don’t care if it’s a tracking bracelet or not, just take it off!”
However, Geshu Tang made no moves, “Wait until you ascend the throne. Otherwise, I’m afraid you might run off halfway.”
“Why would I run off, damn it? Do you know about the vampire succession issue? My man, yes, my man, Ye Junqing, is the first heir of the vampires, and he will soon come under the sea to marry me, you get it?”
That’s how she boasted!
The man she chose did not disappoint her, she had to flaunt their love everywhere!
“Vice Captain Han has already informed me. This must be an unexpected joy for Xiao Jiujiu, right?” Geshu Tang said with an indifferent tone.
Isn’t that obvious?
Ye Xingguang no longer bothered with Geshu Tang, she stepped forward with the dignified stride of Princess Royal. The group majestically left the dock and entered the parking area by the docks, getting into a shark-shaped small submersible.
As soon as Ye Xingguang boarded, she saw from afar several sperm whale-shaped submersibles parked beyond the barrier line. Through the glass capsule, Ye Xingguang noticed a little boy in a tailor-made suit climbing out from one of the sperm whale models. His unworldly, ethereal arctic glacier-like youthful face instantly captured all of Ye Xingguang’s attention.
The little boy, surrounded by a group of bodyguards dressed in suits like stars around the moon, bypassed the queen’s blockade line and headed towards the dock’s main hall. His steps were extremely cool and dominating. Perhaps out of curiosity, the boy glanced their way.
Ye Xingguang, sitting in the small submersible and idly observing the little boy, happened to meet his gaze.
The moment their eyes met, the little boy’s gaze suddenly paused, even stopping his steps, unabashedly staring at her through the crowd, his unflinching eyes suddenly rippled.
Ye Xingguang was startled, then, she slightly raised a smile, airily smiling at the little boy.
The boy probably realized she was smiling at him, his lips pursed, turning his little head haughtily, and strutted away, full of authority, signaling “don’t bother me, I’m not someone you can just flirt with.”
Ye Xingguang watched as the little boy was escorted by the group into the dock’s main hall, disappearing from her line of sight, and chuckled even more joyfully.noveldrama
Such a beautiful little guy, he will definitely be a big troublemaker when he grows up.
After Mo Yinhe entered the main hall of the dock, he slightly furrowed his brows, wondering if that beautiful woman was throwing him a flirtatious glance?
She looks a bit like Yin Xiaohua!
A woman who looks like Yin Xiaohua must be hard to handle, because Yin Xiaohua herself is hard to handle, but why did he not find her annoying when he glanced at her just now?
###Chapter 911: Chapter 911: This is definitely not Qing Ye’s illegitimate child!
Mo Yinhe couldn’t make sense of this question, so he simply stopped thinking about it. He walked a few steps, then turned back to look. By that time, Ye Xingguang’s welcoming vehicle had already slowly driven away, disappearing into the parking lot outside the dock hall.
Ye Xingguang returned to the Imperial Palace, and Fu Zhuo, Xiao Yun, Huo Liuli, and others all accompanied him into the Imperial Palace to settle down. However, the Ye Family Group’s market development team chose to find a hotel to stay in here.
Before parting, Fu Zhuo specifically instructed the director of the market development department to explore the Galaxy Group after checking into the hotel.
The Ye Family’s market development team stayed in a hotel owned by the Galaxy Group. After completing the check-in process and entering their rooms, they could see the endless ocean view through the glass windows – colorful schools of fish swimming back and forth. This was indeed a beautiful business trip.
The director of the market development department was named Xu Dan.
Xu Dan’s team, including himself, consisted of ten people in total. Following the instructions of Ye Junqing, after checking in, their first task was to explore the shopping malls, purchase various brands of communication rings, and compare products—understanding the local market conditions.
Sure enough, the communication ring industry in the underwater kingdom was as booming as the cell phone industry on land.
In addition to purchasing communication rings and understanding the industry conditions, they also explored other markets, seeing what the underwater world had and lacked. They looked for opportunities to break into the underwater market for anything that was lacking. In short, they were exceedingly busy.
Then they discovered that many industries in the underwater world were under the Galaxy Group.
The investments of the Galaxy Group were quite complex, being mainly dominated by two major underwater families, the Quan’s Family and Ying’s Family, but ultimately a five-year-old child was put in charge, serving as the president of this huge business empire, which was a mystery that baffled everyone.
These days, Ye Xingguang was not idle either, because he was about to be crowned emperor. Every day he was surrounded by many people, taught various ceremonies for the coronation, trying on clothes for the coronation, and memorizing the speech for becoming emperor. He was extremely busy with various trifles from morning till night.
On a rare occasion when he had some free time, he would ask Fu Zhuo about the work situation of the market development department staying in the hotel.
Fu Zhuo said they had encountered some problems, then handed her a photo to look at.
“Eh, isn’t this the little boy I saw at the dock a few days ago? What’s wrong with him, what does this have to do with you wanting to represent the communication rings?”
Fu Zhuo said, “Xiao Xingguang, don’t you think this little boy looks very familiar?”
“Does he?” Ye Xingguang took another look, “I don’t see it!”
“That’s because you haven’t seen what Quing Ye looked like when he was young. Let me show you another photo.”
Fu Zhuo pulled out his mobile phone, opened a childhood group photo and passed it to Ye Xingguang, “This is me, this is Chess book, this is Tang Zhou, this is Mo Fei, this is Mo Zhe, this is Tang Xiao, this is Mu Nianbai, this is Lin Nan, this is Ting Ye, guess who this is?”
In the group photo, there were many children, all introduced by Fu Zhuo, so the remaining one was, “A Qing?”noveldrama
“Correct!”
Ye Xingguang frowned deeply, “Why did the big carcinogen look so much like this little boy when he was young?”
“It’s clearly the little boy who resembles the young Quing Ye. But I swear to heaven, Xiao Xingguang, that Quing Ye has never done anything to wrong you, this is definitely not Quing Ye’s illegitimate child!”
Afraid that Ye Xingguang might overthink, Fu Zhuo switched to the main topic: “Xu Dan from the market department contacted Galaxy Group, but the manager of Galaxy Group honestly stated that their president, this little boy, refuses to cooperate with any group from the land, with absolutely no room for negotiation. Xiao Xingguang, do you think you could use your queenly authority to arrange a talk with this kid?”
###Chapter 912: Chapter 912: Inspecting the Galaxy Group
“So assertive? Forget about the meeting, tomorrow bring the people from the marketing department, I will inspect the Galaxy Corporation under the name of the queen. But, how could Galaxy Corporation let a child be the president?”
A few days ago at the dock, she met briefly, and was quite impressed; she really wanted to meet again!
The next day, she acting with authority not her own, carried herself like a queen, leading the Ye Corporation’s marketing team to inspect the Galaxy Corporation, even bringing several economic leaders from the temporary federal government with her, to show her emphasis on both domestic and international economic exchange.
Hearing of Her Highness’s visit, the senior managers of Galaxy Corporation, under the leadership of Vice-President He, were all prepared early to welcome her.
The Galaxy Corporation’s building looked like a sphere floating under the sea, a huge spherical structure containing cutting-edge offices, sturdily connected to the underwater base.
Accompanied by a group of senior managers from the Galaxy Corporation, Ye Xingguang inspected many of the corporation’s industries, with her greatest interest being the power stations and communication rings.
The underwater city, besides being lit by the holy tree, generates electricity through ocean thermal energy conversion, using the temperature difference of seawater to create a thermal cycle to generate electricity, an inexhaustible source of renewable energy, ensuring power supply for the underwater city.
It was said that the Galaxy Corporation owns the largest number of sea thermal power stations in the empire, making Fu Zhuo particularly excited; if the technology were grasped, such power stations could also be developed in the coastal areas of Country A, a renewable energy source definitely more environmentally friendly and with better market prospects than nuclear power stations.
After inspecting the Galaxy Empire Corporation for over an hour, Fu Zhuo could no longer hold back, hinting to the Empire’s executives: “Why isn’t your corporation’s president personally welcoming Her Highness? Does Her Highness need to visit him personally?”
The executives of the Galaxy Empire were in a difficult position.
The news of Her Highness’s visit had already been communicated by the president’s secretary, but the young president had not appeared.
The young president has always been moody, and when in a bad mood, he does not give face to anyone; it was said that he was in a bad mood today.
Galaxy Corporation’s Vice-President He apologized with a smile, “I’m truly sorry, Your Highness. Our corporation’s President is not always present every day, and since you didn’t notify us in advance, although we have informed him, he has not yet arrived.”
“It’s alright, I don’t have other plans today, I can wait for him; such accomplishments at a young age, I really want to meet him and have the Ye Corporation from Country A learn from him.”
This…
Vice-President He was helpless.
Ye Xingguang specifically pointed out, “This Director Xu has been specially sent by the Ye Corporation of Country A to learn from your esteemed corporation. Our country should also communicate more with countries on land; it’s better to open up than to isolate, the two corporations could have more exchanges in the future, and perhaps achieve many mutually beneficial cooperations. Don’t you think so, Vice-President He?”
“What Her Highness says is correct.”
“Once I take charge, I will definitely strengthen our country’s diplomatic ties with other countries on land; Galaxy Corporation is our country’s largest corporation, I hope you can be a pioneering corporation in international exchanges, actively respond to national policies, and not let down my expectations.”
Ye Xingguang spoke with a sense of great responsibility, and Vice-President He along with the other senior managers nodded along.
“Your Highness, please rest assured, our Galaxy Corporation will definitely actively respond to the national foreign economic policies. Please come this way…”
Ye Xingguang waved her hand: “No need to look further, I’d like to sit in the president’s office of your corporation, lead the way.”noveldrama
###Chapter 913: Chapter 913: Mo Dazhu, you’re bullying me, wuwuwu…
Vice President He really did not want to bring Ye Xingguang along; if by any chance they upset the little president, Her Majesty The Queen would just brush off her butt and leave after the inspection, and who else would end up being the scapegoat but them?
But Vice President He couldn’t stop Ye Xingguang, and he could only lead the way at the front, with a grand procession heading towards the president’s office level.
Before they reached the door of the president’s office, it was pushed open by a little munchkin. The tiny tot was dressed in trendy adorable clothes, carrying a cute little handbag, and while walking out the door was loudly ranting, “Mo Yinhe, if Missy comes to find you again, then Missy is a pig!”
Immediately after, a cold voice came from the president’s office: “You already eat even more than a pig. From now on, don’t call yourself Yin Xiaohua, just call yourself Hua Xiaozhu.”
“What did you say?” The little girl, who had already stepped out of the office, stopped walking, turned back, looked inside the president’s office, and, with hands on her little waist, was so angry she was about to cry: “You’re the pig, you should be called Mo Big Pig!”
“Hua Xiaozhu, goodbye, I won’t see you out,” a mocking and icy little voice came from inside the president’s office.
“Mo Big Pig, you!” The little girl’s puffy face flushed bright red with rage.
Suddenly, the little girl burst into tears with a “wah,” crying loudly: “Mo Big Pig, you’re bullying me, boo hoo hoo…”
Ye Xingguang, walking far down the corridor, heard the little girl’s heart-rending cries, and for some reason, felt like her heart was melting too.
Uncontrollably, she quickened her pace, walked up to the little girl, crouched down, and rubbed her little head: “Little princess, what’s wrong, stop crying, stop crying.”
The little girl lifted her head, looked at Ye Xingguang with her cute voice, “Who are you?”
But with two lines of tears, she was unable to resist, Ye Xingguang teased her, “I’m Xiao Jiujiu, what about you?”
“I’m Hua Xiaozhu, ptooey, my name is Yin Xiaohua.”
The poor girl was so angered she almost forgot her own name.
“Don’t cry.” Ye Xingguang reached out to wipe the crystal clear tears from the corner of her eyes, picked up the girl and said, “Then I’ll call you Little Hua Hua, tell Auntie, who bullied you?”
The little girl stretched out her chubby little arms: “It’s that Mo Big Pig in there, he’s stealing my business, and he won’t even admit it!”
Uh… Such a small child, and she’s already discussing business matters?noveldrama
The little girl saw the grand procession following behind Ye Xingguang, and instantly bit her plump little lip: “Are you here to discuss business with Mo Big Pig too? Why doesn’t pretty Auntie talk to me instead?”
“Uh…”
Ye Xingguang couldn’t answer that question.
The little girl’s tears welled up again: “Could it be that you also think our Giant Star Group can’t compare to Galaxy Group? Does pretty Auntie not like me?”
“Ow, Little Hua Hua, you’re so cute, how could Auntie not like you? I’m not here to talk business, don’t cry.”
Ye Xingguang realized that she must have a daughter in the future; having a girl in your arms was so soft, like a ball of cotton candy.
“Then what are you here for?”
Yin Xiaohua fluttered her misty, large eyes, her beautiful eyes clear and pure.
“Auntie is here for an inspection.”
Behind her, Vice President Han was even more heartbroken by Yin Xiaohua’s crying, with a voice that was as gentle as it was loving: “Little President Yin, this lady here is the soon-to-be-crowned Queen. Your Highness The Queen, this is the president of the Giant Star Group, Little President Yin.”
Ye Xingguang’s eyes were filled with shock, such a young child was already a president? What a world…
###Chapter 914: Chapter 914 Wow! So cute!
“Whimper…” Yin Xiaohua cried even harder, “Her Majesty is inspecting Galaxy Group and not visiting Star Group, does that mean she thinks our Star Group is inferior to Galaxy Group? My little heart is about to break.”
“Don’t break, don’t break, I actually plan to inspect Star Group after finishing with Galaxy Group.”
Ye Xingguang didn’t know what to do with the little girl, whose tears surged out as if they didn’t cost anything.
“Really?” Yin Xiaohua vigorously wiped her eyes, looking expectantly at Ye Xingguang with sparkling eyes.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t resist, “Of course.”
“I’m so happy,” Yin Xiaohua hugged Ye Xingguang’s neck tightly, in a sweet childish voice, “Pretty auntie, you smell so nice, do you want some candy?”
Inside Yin Xiaohua’s little handbag, there lay many little candies. She dug one out like presenting a treasure and handed it to Ye Xingguang, “Here, have this candy, and from now on we’ll be good sisters.”
Err…
To become good sisters with a three-year-old girl, Ye Xingguang felt unexpectedly flattered and felt a lot younger all of a sudden.noveldrama
“Thank you, little Hua Hua.”
“Pretty auntie, can we go now?”
“Where to?”
“To inspect our Star Group.” Candies shouldn’t be given away for free; she was ready to work her hardest for the company.
“Err, can you wait a half-hour for Auntie?”
Yin Xiaohua tilted her little head and thought for a moment, “Okay.”
Seeing the little girl stop crying and even smile made Ye Xingguang’s heart calm down.
She held the little girl’s hand and entered the CEO’s office.
Vice-Commander He and other accompanying personnel also followed them inside. A swarm of people gathered, and Mo Yinhe, sitting on a small chair, squinted his shifty big eyes and adjusted his tie coolly, then hopped off the chair leisurely.
Although Vice-Commander He was introducing Ye Xingguang and the accompanying officers, as well as the inspection team of Ye Corporation, Mo Yinhe seemed not to hear Vice-Commander He’s words, hands in his pockets, only staring at Yin Xiaohua.
“Aren’t you the one who said you would be a pig if you came to see me again? Why did you come in?”
Yin Xiaohua pouted, “I wasn’t coming to see you at all. I was waiting for Her Majesty. Don’t flatter yourself. If I look at you again, I’ll be a pig!”
“Are you sure?” Mo Yinhe stared at Yin Xiaohua, his lips curling slightly with a sly smile.
“That’s right, what about it?” Yin Xiaohua tilted her eyes away, determined not to look.
Mo Yinhe chuckled, then opened a little drawer and took out a fluffy pink teddy bear, swaying it in front of Yin Xiaohua.
Yin Xiaohua’s attention was instantly captivated, “Wow! So cute!”
“Want it?” This was imported from land; you absolutely cannot buy it underwater.
These fluffy little things are foreign luxuries in the underwater world, but no girl can resist them.
Yin Xiaohua nodded eagerly, showing no restraint, “Want, want, want.”
But naughty Mo Yinhe said, “Too bad, we’ve already fallen out. I won’t give it to you.”
After saying that, Mo Yinhe added, “Originally, I did plan to give it to you. But someone said that if she looks at me again, she will be a pig.”
Yin Xiaohua’s greedy little eyes fixed on the fluffy pink bear, unable to look away, several times she almost pounced to grab it, but her pride wouldn’t allow it, stubbornly pursing her lips, what to do?
###Chapter 915: Chapter 915: No, You’re Not Allowed to Get Angry at Me Anymore
Ye Xingguang stood by and watched the fierce negotiation between the two little CEOs, nearly bursting into laughter several times while his team members also struggled to hold back their smiles. Only the senior executives from the Yinhe Group watched with unperturbed expressions, seeming all too familiar with such scenes as if they were an everyday occurrence.
“I will count to three, and if you’re still mad, I will give this toy to my female secretary.”
Mo Yinhe seemed to have a way of dealing with Yin Xiaohua; even though she persistently pouted her small lips, he didn’t coax her at all and just coldly counted with a stern face, “One, two…”
“Mo Big Pig, you big meanie!”
Afraid that the adorable teddy bear would be given to someone else, Yin Xiaohua lunged to snatch it.
Mo Yinhe held up his hand high, “Call me brother, and I’ll give it to you.”noveldrama
“You are not my brother, don’t think about taking advantage of me.” Yin Xiaohua wouldn’t compromise her dignity.
“Fine, I’ll give it to my secretary.”
“Brother!” Her voice was irresistibly sweet~
The supposedly steadfast Yin Xiaohua, nervous, clasped Mo Yinhe’s arm, trying several times to jump up to snatch the teddy bear, but her height disadvantage made it impossible for her to reach it.
The corners of Mo Yinhe’s mouth slightly curved upward, then he stuffed the fluffy pink bear into Yin Xiaohua’s hands: “Here, don’t be mad at me anymore. What’s the big deal about me stealing your business? Is business cuter than this teddy bear?”
Yin Xiaohua, hugging the fluffy pink teddy bear, immediately turned hostile, lifted her little feet, and fiercely stamped on Mo Yinhe’s foot.
“Mo Big Pig! I can stop being mad, but you must give me half of the profits, or else where’s the face of little CEO Yin? I’ve promised our company that I would secure justice for them!”
Mo Yinhe yelped in pain, probably feeling like yelling out loud would compromise his dignity in front of everyone, so he coughed loudly and put on an indifferent, domineering CEO expression: “I’ll give you at most one-fifth.”
“One-half!” Yin Xiaohua said loudly.
“One-quarter.” Mo Yinhe insisted.
“One-third.” Yin Xiaohua continued to negotiate.
“Deal.”
The business negotiations between the two major groups finally concluded through the bargaining of these two youngsters.
Beside them, Vice President He felt the pinch intensely; every time the Giant Star Group sent little CEO Yin to deal with little CEO Mo, they always managed to get a good deal, which was totally unfair. He wished they would directly snatch the orders themselves!
After little CEO Yin left, little CEO Mo would definitely scold himself for being silly, for giving Giant Star Group one-third of the partnership profits, which he could have monopolized!
But in the moment, little Emperor Mo wasn’t scolding himself yet but was soothing Yin Xiaohua’s tiny tears to his satisfaction, then finally paused to look up at Ye Xingguang and made a professional gesture: “Your Highness, please have a seat.”
Having said that, he took Yin Xiaohua’s hand and swaggered to a group of sofas, pulling her down to sit with him.
“Secretary, bring the tea.”
His actions indeed resembled those of a corporate president.
Having gained an advantage, Yin Xiaohua carelessly let Mo Yinhe lead her by the hand. Unable to climb onto the sofa herself, she proactively stretched out her small hands, waiting for Mo Yinhe, two years her senior, to lift her onto the sofa.
Though young, Mo Yinhe had enough strength to lift Yin Xiaohua onto the sofa, and finally sat himself down as well, adopting the posture of a boss with crossed legs, his voice still indifferent: “Your Highness, are you here to advocate for the Ye Corporation, asking me to hand over the land agency rights to Ye Corporation in Country A?”
###Chapter 916: Chapter 916: Mo Yinhe’s Conditions
Ye Xingguang also sat down and thought of how the big cancer looked just like this little boy when he was young, which made her feel a bit closer to him. She even found his indifferent soft voice endearing, and couldn’t help but wonder if the big cancer was like that as a child?
Uh…
However, the big cancer was not as accomplished as this little guy, who became the richest man in the empire at five years old; the big cancer probably was still doing addition and subtraction in kindergarten at that age. Alas, truly the student outdoes the master.
“Little President Mo…”
But before Ye Xingguang could finish speaking, Mo Yinhe interrupted her. His emotionless eyes looked at Ye Xingguang: “Your Highness the Queen, business cannot be coerced, and the government should not interfere arbitrarily. If you want to talk business with me, it must be the president of Ye Corporation who comes to talk to me personally. Your role as an intermediary is ineffective.”
What a little guy who is all business.
Ye Xingguang said: “Little President Mo, not only am I the queen, but I am also the wife of the president of Ye Corporation. Do you think this title is sufficient to talk with you? Today, I am not here to impose governmental influence but to negotiate with you as the president’s wife of Ye Corporation, OK?”
“Pretty auntie, aren’t you here on an inspection? If Mo the Big Pig won’t talk to you, I can talk to you. Our Giant Star Corporation…”
“Quiet.” Mo Yinhe, clearly annoyed by Yin Xiaohua’s chatter, looked down and gave her a cold glance.
Seeing her pouting, he impatiently ruffled her hair: “If you’re not quiet, you can forget about getting one-third.”
Yin Xiaohua knew she had already gained a big advantage, so she immediately blinked her eyes: “Mo the Big Pig, I’ll be very well-behaved~”
Having said that, she immediately closed her little mouth.
That’s more like it. Mo Yinhe put on a serious face and stared at Ye Xingguang with an air of feigned profundity: “I need to consider this, but, you could bribe me.”
What? Ye Xingguang was filled with question marks. She should bribe him?
Would a president openly playing with bribes in front of company executives really not lead to a bad corporate culture?
“I am giving you a chance to bribe me, a chance that not everyone gets. I’m only offering this because you are the Queen,” Mo Yinhe said with an expression that suggested she should feel honored.
Ye Xingguang: I am truly flattered!
“Little President Mo, what kind of bribes do you usually accept?”
Mo Yinhe thought for a moment: “For instance, helping me take care of children.”
Ye Xingguang: “?”
A five-year-old becoming a president is already amazing enough, but don’t tell her that a five-year-old also has children?
Even Yin Xiaohua showed a look of surprise: “Mo the Big Pig, you have a baby?”
“Who asked you to speak? I told you to be quiet!” Mo Yinhe glared at Yin Xiaohua again.
Ye Xingguang touched her nose: “Um, Little President Mo, when you talk about helping with kids, you don’t mean helping take care of you, right?”
“Of course not,” Mo Yinhe immediately rejected.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang actually felt somewhat disappointed; taking care of such a cool and adorable little baby for a few days actually seemed tempting.
“It’s both her and me,” Mo Yinhe followed up, pointing at Yin Xiaohua.
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Mo Yinhe, with an air of no room for negotiation: “If you’re willing, we can talk. If you’re not, then there’s nothing to discuss. The Queen’s influence doesn’t carry much weight here, understand?”
Ye Xingguang stared at the two little cuties in front of her, and for some reason, she felt absolutely no desire to refuse. However, “How many days do you need me to look after you both?”
“About a week. If you do a good job, I’ll be happy and might agree. If you don’t do it well and I’m not pleased, then there’s no deal.”
###Chapter 917: Chapter 917: Woman, You’re Too Greedy!
This little tyrant really doesn’t leave any room for negotiation, luckily she doesn’t feel bothered by it at all. Not to say one week, even two weeks would be fine with her. Right now, however she looks at this little guy, she just wants to hug him and take him with her.
Meanwhile, a group of government economic officials and executives from the Galaxy Corporation are all filled with question marks. What kind of fancy maneuver is this?
“Alright, it’s settled then. But I want all of the land agency rights for communication jamming devices from both Galaxy Corporation and Supernova Corporation. Neither corporation will be allowed to find other agents in the future, and I want technical direction for the sea water temperature differential power station.”
Upon hearing this, Mo Yinhe frowned, the tyranny in his soft voice evident: “Woman, you’re too greedy!”
But, Yin Xiaohua obstructed him and said: “Pretty aunty, I can agree to that, because we are good sisters.”
“Hua Xiaozhu, don’t forget you’ve only just met,” Mo Yinhe was iron-hearted and couldn’t bear the incompetence.
“But the first time I saw pretty aunty, I felt like I liked her, and besides, we are Supernova Corporation, not your Galaxy Corporation. I can decide on our own matters, right?”
Yin Xiaohua’s reasoning was full-proof.
“Forget it, you little dimwit,” Mo Yinhe had already given up on treating her.
Then, he said to Ye Xingguang: “Alright, you can leave now. Starting from tomorrow, I will take Hua Xiaozhu to find you.”
Ye Xingguang curiously asked, “Do you mind if I ask what the relationship between you two little guys is?”
“Business rivals to the death.” At this question, Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua answered in perfect unison.
After saying that, the two little guys hummed and glared at each other, as if they really couldn’t stand the sight of one another.
Uh…
Ye Xingguang laughed to death, why did she find these two little guys so adorable.
After leaving the Galaxy Corporation, Yin Xiaohua insisted that they set their hearts on visiting the Supernova Corporation.
Since it was agreed upon, there was no way to deceive a child, so Ye Xingguang led the entourage to Supernova Corporation.
Unexpectedly, the Supernova Corporation was right next to the Galaxy Corporation. The Galaxy Corporation building was star-shaped, while the Supernova Corporation’s building resembled a jellyfish. They were connected by a spiral tube, so there was no need to leave the building; you could just walk directly through the tube.
“Pretty aunty, let me show you my office.”noveldrama
Yin Xiaohua was very enthusiastic, carrying a little handbag and taking Ye Xingguang by the hand, scurrying toward her pink princess office. As they passed the secretary’s office, she made an “ok” gesture to the secretary.
“One-third, huh? Get someone to prepare the contract. While Mo Big Pig’s promise is still fresh and hot, we should quickly sign the contract.”
The secretary was overjoyed: “Little Boss Yin, I knew it, with you taking the lead we were bound to triumph.”
Of course, that’s a given!
With the compliments, Yin Xiaohua felt like she was floating while walking.
After the secretary made the call to the manager responsible for the project, she went to brew tea for Ye Xingguang and brought it to the president’s office: “Your Highness, please enjoy your tea.”
“Thank you.” Ye Xingguang was already sitting in Yin Xiaohua’s presidential office.
The other accompanying personnel were led by various executives of Supernova Corporation to visit and inspect the industry departments of the corporation.
Very different from Mo Yinhe’s cold and hard office, Yin Xiaohua’s office was basically a children’s room with various pink decorations. In one corner of the office, there was a pile of fluffy plush toys, as well as a pink pyramid-shaped little tent surrounded by various chiffon curtains and various colorful lights – truly bursting with youth!
“Little Hua Hua, your office is so beautiful, aunty really likes it.”
Yin Xiaohua placed a newly obtained teddy bear inside the little tent, then crawled in herself and proudly said, “These are all the masterpieces that Mo Big Pig has bribed me with! Humph, if he didn’t bribe me today, I wouldn’t let him off easy! He actually dared to steal my business!”
[Do you guys have any monthly tickets? I’m begging for monthly tickets, and still begging, climbing the ranks is just too hard, plus I’m begging for your support, muah~~]
###Chapter 918: Chapter 918: This child, really looks like his little fishtail!!!
Ye Xingguang found it amusing. She had her business stolen and was given only a third of the profits as charity, clearly a loss for her. Yet this little princess seemed extremely contented, all because she received a fluffy teddy bear.
“Little Flower, where are your mommy and daddy?”
What kind of parents would bear such an adorable little princess? Ye Xingguang suddenly became very curious.
Moreover, starting tomorrow, she would be taking care of these two little ones for a week, so she needed to notify their parents in advance.
Yin Xiaohua bit her plump little lips: “Pretty auntie, I don’t have mommy and daddy.”
“How can you not have them?”
Could she be an orphan?
Yin Xiaohua seriously said: “Big Pig Mo said, I might have popped out of a crack in a rock.”
Pfft…
“What about Mo Yinhe? His mommy and daddy?”
“Big Pig Mo said, he might have also popped out of a crack in a rock.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
These two kids, they couldn’t really be orphans, could they?
Ye Xingguang sat outside the small tent, reaching in to rub Yin Xiaohua’s little head: “Then where do you live now? Do you have any other family or guardians?”
Yin Xiaohua said: “I share a room with Big Pig Mo, we have many servants at home, but Big Pig Mo said, those of us from the rock cracks are the only real family, others are not.”
“Hmm… me… too, I guess.” She would never admit that she was born to a pair of heartless parents.
“Then we are companions, huh.”
Yin Xiaohua crawled out of the tent, found a delicate tin box, opened it, and took out a bunch of exquisite lollipops, handing two of them to Ye Xingguang as if presenting treasures: “Here, for you to eat.”
“Thank you.”
“Big Pig Mo said, these are imported from abroad, you can’t buy them here, you should eat them sparingly.”
Ye Xingguang suddenly felt the two lollipops were extremely precious; poor little guy, even lollipops had become a rarity. If only she had known, she would have brought more snacks from the mainland, probably would have made Little Flower jump for joy.
At that moment, the communication ring flashed. She pressed her fingerprint to unlock it, and a virtual screen appeared in front of her. Suddenly, the handsome face of Ye Junqing appeared on the screen. Before Ye Xingguang could speak, Yin Xiaohua curiously peered at the screen.
Then, with a “wow!” surprised little voice: “Big Big Big Big Big Pig Mo?”
Hearing the voice through the virtual screen, Ye Junqing: “…”
Ye Xingguang paused for a moment, then burst out laughing, and then, holding little Flower in her arms, she looked at Ye Junqing on the screen.
“Whose child is this?” Ye Junqing stared at the little girl in Ye Xingguang’s arms, shock in his eyes.
This child, she looked strikingly like his little mermaid!!
“Isn’t she cute?” Holding the soft little Flower, she felt she was extremely adorable, but Ye Junqing always disliked girls, she wondered if he would think the same?
Ye Junqing didn’t speak for a long time, his eyebrows tightly furrowed as he gazed at his little cutie in her arms: “Your illegitimate daughter?”
“Ah? … Pfft… Why would you think that?”
Ye Junqing couldn’t help but let his thoughts run wild; this little cutie was clearly a mini-version of his family’s little mermaid!
In that moment, Ye Junqing felt as if he had been cuckolded, his head metaphorically sprouting green lightings!
Curious, Yin Xiaohua stared at Ye Junqing, her pretty starry eyes blinking: “Big Big Big Big Big Pig Mo, you look so much like Big Pig Mo!”noveldrama
###Chapter 919: Chapter 919: How Can You Refuse Such a Cutie?
Ye Junqing, trying to suppress the agitation he felt from possibly being cuckolded, asked with as much calmness as he could muster: “Who is Mo Big Pig?”
“Mo Big Pig is just Mo Big Pig,” Yin Xiaohua answered with extra seriousness.
Fortunately, Ye Xingguang added: “A five-year-old boy, already the richest in the underwater empire, but the kid looks exactly like you when you were young. Fu Zhuo showed me a photo of you as a child, and I even suspected that this child might be your illegitimate son. You haven’t secretly fathered him with some other woman, have you?”
A moment ago, Ye Junqing thought he was cuckolded, and now his expression was: “……”
“Where is the boy?”
Ye Junqing really wanted to meet him.
“He’s not here. Your team sent over wanted to discuss a collaboration with him, but the boy refused to cooperate unless I agree to spend a week with him and this little princess. If it’s satisfactory, he will collaborate with Ye’s business. Doesn’t it feel like we are all stranded on a beach? Oh, and this little princess is also the president of a major group.”
Ye Junqing couldn’t make sense of the situation here, but he couldn’t help but keep looking at Yin Xiaohua, thinking how there could be two children in this world looking so much like him and her?noveldrama
“Who are these children’s parents?”
Ye Xingguang also didn’t know: “They might be orphans, pretty sad. When are you coming over to marry me?”
“Three days later.”
Ye Junqing said softly with tenderness, his eyes filled with longing: “Do you miss me?”
“If you don’t come soon, I might stop missing you, I’m incredibly busy every day,” Ye Xingguang complained.
Ye Junqing knew her days were packed, as they video-called daily for half an hour due to the time difference. Right now, Ye Junqing had just showered, dried his hair, and was sitting on his bed drinking a cup of milk.
Yin Xiaohua suddenly swallowed hard: “Mo Big Big Big Big Big Pig, I also want to drink, is that milk? I’ve had it too, Mo Big Pig bought it for me.”
Behold these pitiful little eyes…
The underwater world doesn’t raise cattle or sheep, so seafood is abundant, but dairy products are high-end foods and quite scarce, not accessible to everyone.
Ye Junqing paused, staring at the little girl’s hopeful eyes in the video. Holding the milk, he felt guilty whether to drink it or not.
“Ah Qing, when you come, bring more dairy products, candies that children love, and dolls that children like. These items are rare here. I need to look after these two children for a week to secure the agency rights for you.”
Yin Xiaohua smacked her lips: “Mo Big Big Big Big Big Pig, I really want a drink, is it tasty? You could taste it for me and tell me.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
After taking a sip, Ye Junqing said: “It’s tasty, I’ll bring some for you in a few days.”
Yin Xiaohua smacked her lips again: “Mo Big Big Big Big Big Pig, you mustn’t lie to me, or my little heart will break.”
Oh my~~
Ye Xingguang felt, how could anyone resist such a cutie?
…
After leaving the Star Group, Ye Xingguang rushed to the shopping mall, shopping extravagantly since she would be looking after children. How could she not prepare children’s beds, pajamas, toiletries, and hair bands…
This shopping spree got her into a shopping frenzy. She shopped from afternoon until evening and after returning to the palace, she specially arranged a children’s room next to her quarters, setting it up with various children’s furniture and decorations, and only went to sleep at midnight.
###Chapter 920: Chapter 920: The First Foray into Politics
On the second day, which was a weekend, Ye Xingguang speculated that the two children wouldn’t need to go to work, so she instructed the palace guards early in the morning to let Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua in directly when they came to the palace, and then to inform her so she could personally receive them.
At nine in the morning, Ye Xingguang was sitting in the Queen’s executive office while the six elders were presenting the coronation day schedule and the Kings of the feudal states who were coming to celebrate. However, her mind wasn’t on the meeting; she was preoccupied with thoughts of the two children.
Fu Zhuo stood by her side, paying close attention to everything.
Fu Zhuo had become acquainted with the structure of the Atlantis nation over the past few days.
The Atlantis Empire was composed of several feudal states, each roughly equivalent to a province in a terrestrial nation, with the King of a feudal state being comparable to the governor of a province. There were thirteen provinces in the Atlantis Empire, and because the Queen’s coronation ceremony was imminent, all the Kings of these feudal states had already arrived in the imperial capital.
Among them, the King of one feudal state was a thorn in the side—openly opposing her ascension to the throne at the official residence where he was staying, and even inciting other Kings to join the resistance against Ye Xingguang’s coronation.
This King was named Ye Weiqiang, who had once harbored an unrequited love for the Third Princess of the royal house. As Ye Xingguang was the main culprit behind the Third Princess’s death, Ye Weiqiang had no desire to see her ascend to the throne, even for his past beloved.
More importantly, in the feudal state ruled by Ye Weiqiang, there wasn’t a single person of vampiric lineage. They did not need the proprietary formula of the vampires, so their opposition was even more unrestrained.
In the office, when the elders brought this matter up, they suggested Ye Xingguang should handle it herself, under the pretense that since she was to participate in politics, she should demonstrate some capabilities by tackling this issue.
What a bunch of sly foxes—they wanted her to take the throne but didn’t want her to meddle in national affairs.
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to be looked down upon and readily agreed: “Fine, I’ll deal with it myself.”noveldrama
Geshu Tang also put on a loyal minister’s demeanor: “Xiaojiujiu, if you can’t handle it, leave it to the Federal Interim Government. We are your strong backing; don’t force yourself too much.”
“Not forced at all.” If it came to it, she would just remove Ye Weiqiang from his position as King and appoint someone else!
A new official takes office with a great zeal, and she was looking for someone to scorch, as long as…
Ye Xingguang thought that as long as Gui Baili remained loyal to her, whoever dared to rebel would be suppressed by Gui Baili’s troops. Under her dictatorial power, she wanted to see who would dare oppose her ascension as Empress.
The other elders remarked, “Then we will wait and see.”
After the elders left, Ye Xingguang immediately sent for Gui Baili.
Half an hour later, when Gui Baili arrived at the Queen’s office, Ye Xingguang brought up the matter.
“Little Lili, if someone opposes me becoming Queen, and I decide to strip him of his position, if he openly commits treason, will you lead troops to suppress him for me?”
A killing intent already surfaced on Gui Baili’s face: “Your Highness the Queen, who dares to publicly rebel against you?”
“Ye Weiqiang, the King of Carlytia.”
“So, it’s him. I’ve heard about this as well,” Gui Baili said.
“Little Lili, what do you think we should do to silence him, or do you know if there is anyone in Carlytia who could replace him and become the new King?”
Gui Baili pondered for a moment: “These Kings are usually hereditary, and I know Ye Weiqiang has an illegitimate son named Ye Chuwen, who has always been disdained by Ye Weiqiang. Despite his ambitions, he has been continually suppressed by his other brothers. You could send someone to win over Ye Chuwen.”
###Chapter 921: Chapter 921: Mo Yinhe Is Indeed Unfathomable
Ye Xingguang thought for a moment: “Alright, I’ll send someone to find Ye Chuwen. Also, Gui Baili, secretly dispatch troops to the Principality of Karlitteya, and be ready to await my command at any moment. I want to make Ye Weiqiang too frightened to act rashly in front of me.”
Gui Baili nodded: “As you command.”
At this moment, an insider call came through.
Ye Xingguang paused her conversation with Gui Baili, pressed the line, and the palace guard reported that Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua had already arrived at the palace.
Ye Xingguang’s spirits lifted, and she immediately ordered the guard to let them in, allowing the two little ones to come inside.
“Your Highness, how do you know Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua?” Gui Baili asked out of curiosity.
Ye Xingguang replied cheerfully: “I met them yesterday, and I plan to have the two little fellows stay with me for a few days. Do you know them too, Gui Baili? I happen to want to learn more about them, such as their families, and how at such a young age they became the presidents of two major groups. Do you know anything about this?”
Gui Baili thought for a moment and warned: “These two children have their networks within the six great families, the waters are Deep; it’s best for Your Highness to reduce contact with them, especially Mo Yinhe, who commands a private army powerful enough to massacre a city, named ‘Hell’s Other Shore’. They come without a trace and leave without a shadow, and to this day, even I have not been able to find the exact whereabouts of ‘Hell’s Other Shore’.”
“Is that so? Then how do you know that this ‘Hell’s Other Shore’ is powerful enough to massacre a city?” Ye Xingguang was all ears.
Gui Baili said: “Seven years ago, the Yinhe Group wanted to break into the market of the Principality of Burdiss. Unfortunately, Burdiss had very strong local commercial strength, all local magnates had government backgrounds, and were businesses run by the King’s relatives. As a result, it was very difficult for the Yinhe Group to get a foothold in the Principality of Burdiss, facing constant bullying from local magnates. In a fit of pique, Mo Yinhe personally went to the Principality of Burdiss, dispatched ‘Hell’s Other Shore’, and within one day took control of Burdiss. The military force of the Principality of Burdiss was not weak, yet they were suppressed by Mo Yinhe without causing any turmoil. Even the King of Burdiss was dethroned by Mo Yinhe. Not only did Mo Yinhe depose the King, but he also supported the most useless son of the King to take the throne, shuffling the entire deck of Burdiss local magnates. Since then, everyone has been deeply wary of this child.”
Ye Xingguang was excited: “That’s incredibly badass?”
“Mo Yinhe is indeed unfathomable. In his hands, not only does he have ‘Hell’s Other Shore’, but also many other forces that people fear.”
“That’s not right, isn’t Mo Yinhe only five years old? He wasn’t even born seven years ago, was he?”
“Nobody knows Mo Yinhe’s real age. Your Highness should not treat him as an ordinary child, otherwise, you’ll suffer greatly under his hands.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang nodded her head, and after Gui Baili left, she went to greet the two little treasures.
Despite Gui Baili’s warning about how formidable Mo Yinhe is, Ye Xingguang still couldn’t help wanting to be close to such a little fellow.
Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua came in a Tyrant Whale model mini-submersible, looking just like two children returning home from kindergarten.
Yin Xiaohua was carrying a little backpack and held a fluffy little girl doll in her hand, wearing a cute little hat. She was lifted out of the mini-submarine and ran straight toward Ye Xingguang.
“Pretty Auntie~~ We’re here.”
“Little Xiaohua, what have you been eating to become so adorable?”
She couldn’t resist at all. Watching Yin Xiaohua running towards her, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but squat down and open her arms to wait for her to throw herself into her embrace.
Mo Yinhe, on the other hand, was much cooler. Dressed in a hand-tailored little suit, he walked towards her with deliberate steps, followed by several bodyguards carrying two large suitcases for him.
###Chapter 922: Chapter 922: Mo Yinhe Is a Straightforward Guy
Ye Xingguang picked up little Xiaohua and planned to hold Mo Yinhe’s hand, but Mo Yinhe coolly tucked his little hands into his pockets, not giving her the chance to hold them, putting on an air as if the CEO’s hands weren’t just something you could hold whenever you wanted.
Ye Xingguang ruffled his hair, “Let’s go, I’ll take you to see your little bedroom where you’ll be staying.”
“Yay, yay,” Yin Xiaohua wrapped her arms around Ye Xingguang’s neck, still finding the pretty auntie very fragrant.
“Xiaohua, have you had breakfast yet?”
Yin Xiaohua touched her little belly, showing she was full, but she said, “Big pig Mo didn’t eat. Big pig Mo doesn’t eat breakfast every day, yet forces me to eat. What’s this called… oh, it’s like only the officials are allowed to set fires, and the commoners can’t even light lamps.”
Mo Yinhe, walking with small steps, frowned upon hearing Yin Xiaohua’s voice: “You sure talk a lot.”
Yin Xiaohua, with her arms around Ye Xingguang’s neck, stuck out her little tongue at Mo Yinhe.
“Disgusting.”
After saying that, Mo Yinhe walked ahead, seemingly not wanting to deal with Yin Xiaohua.
The group finally arrived at Ye Xingguang’s living area.
Xiao Yun had not seen the two children before, and was taken aback to see them now, wondering when Sir Xiao and Miss Ye had hidden away two children; these two clearly had their genetics.
“Miss Ye, what’s going on?” Xiao Yun asked when the group entered.
“Brother Xiao, these two kids will be living with me for the next seven days. You take these bodyguards and help put away their luggage.”
“Are these your and Sir Xiao’s kids?”
“Ah? Haha, no, they’re someone else’s, I’m just looking after them for seven days.”
“But why do they look so much like you and Sir Xiao?”
That’s why they’re likable, Xiao Yun thought, feeling an affinity and a particular desire to be close to them.
However, Ye Xingguang laughed heartily: “Brother Xiao, it’s not possible. I’m only twenty-one this year, and this child is already five. How could I have been pregnant at fifteen and given birth at sixteen? Also, I didn’t get stuck with the big tumor back then. It’s normal for people to look alike, don’t think too much about it. If you don’t believe me, ask Fu Zhuo; he knows what the deal is.”
Besides, Gui Baili had said that Mo Yinhe was actually older than five, so how could she have the capability to give birth to such an amazing kid?noveldrama
Her and the big tumor’s baby was still incubating in the egg, growing slowly. Before leaving land, her child hadn’t even developed enough to determine its sex, but she did indeed wish for a son as capable as Mo Yinhe and a daughter as cute as Yin Xiaohua; that would be a perfect life.
Haha, just thinking, just thoughts.
Hearing this, Xiao Yun did not press further, and told the two bodyguards dragging suitcases: “Follow me.”
Ye Xingguang put Yin Xiaohua down on the ground and squatted down to tidy up her little skirt: “Xiaohua, what do you want to eat for lunch? I’ll have someone make it for you.”
Yin Xiaohua was just about to list what she wanted to eat when cool Mo Yinhe stood by and said, “You have to cook for us yourself, otherwise I won’t give the cooperation rights to Ye Corporation.”
“Ah? But I can’t cook.”
Mo Yinhe looked disappointed: “How can you not even know how to cook? What man would marry you?”
Ye Xingguang felt a wave of speechlessness. Which little boy with outdated ideas was this? Who decided that modern women couldn’t get married if they couldn’t cook?
Ye Xingguang boasted: “It’s fine if my husband can cook. These days, a man who can’t cook is the one who can’t find a wife, you know?”
###Chapter 923: Chapter 923: This Little Guy, Stealing Her Business!
Mo Yinhe had a cool little expression, as if agreeing and disagreeing at the same time: “Is your husband that vampire heir who didn’t want to marry you for ten years?”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
Is this kid asking for a spanking?
Ye Xingguang must admit: “It’s not that my husband didn’t want to marry me for ten years; he just didn’t know that I was the one he was supposed to marry. If he knew, he would have married me long ago, and maybe, our kids would be older than you.”
“Oh, then your husband is quite dumb. Because he’s dumb, does he only cook for you to capture your heart?”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
This kid really isn’t easy to deal with, speaking so unpleasantly.
Ye Xingguang emphasizes here: “My husband cooks for me because he loves me, understand?”
“Because of love, he cooks for you?”
“Yes.”
“Then cook lunch for me and Hua Xiaozhu, or I won’t hand over the partnership rights to Night Corporation.” Mo Yinhe confidently walked to the sofa and jumped on it, his bossy tone leaving no room for negotiation.
“Alright, but I can only cook instant noodles.”
“Beautiful auntie, instant noodles, I like to eat those!” Yin Xiaoqi’s eyes sparkled.
But, isn’t it too cruel to feed children instant noodles?
Ye Xingguang said: “I can also make noodles, I’ll make noodles for you.”
Before coming here, having had too much seafood under the sea, Xiao Yun specially prepared a lot of rice, flour, eggs, vegetables, even brought over the rice cooker, and also brought a lot of instant noodles. Xiao Yun even bought a lot of braised beef, enough to last half a month.
“Whatever, I’m not picky. But Hua Xiaozhu eats a lot and she’s very picky.”
“Mo Big Pig, you’re ruining my image! Beautiful auntie, I’m not picky either, I eat everything,”
“Okay, I’ll make noodles for you and fry two sunny-side-up eggs.”
The kitchen in the imperial palace is far from her living quarters, fortunately Xiao Yun not only brought rice and flour from land but also brought over an induction cooker and stainless steel pots. Ye Xingguang asked Xiao Yun to bring them, and started cooking personally in her own quarters.
Xiao Yun also brought some spinach, “Miss Ye, shall I do it?”
“No need, I’ll do it myself.”
A certain little guy was sitting on the sofa, closely watching her with a look that said he would resolutely not eat unless she cooked it herself. How could she dare let anyone else cook?noveldrama
“Xiao Yun brother, why did you bring everything?”
Xiao Yun said, “I’m not used to seafood.”
Actually, it’s not that he isn’t used to it, but he knows that Huo Liuli never eats seafood. Yet, this city under the sea mostly has food from the ocean, and there isn’t much land-based vegetables, fruits, rice, or beef.
While boiling water, Ye Xingguang thought: “Going to land to buy vegetables and fruits to sell here, opening a supermarket, could probably make a fortune.”
Just as soon as she finished the thought, Mo Yinhe sitting on the sofa swinging his legs, connected with an executive from Galaxy Corporation. He issued an order: “Starting tomorrow, purchase a large amount of vegetables and fruits from the land, and sell them in the supermarkets under Galaxy Corporation.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
This little guy, stealing her business!
Ye Xingguang said: “Little Director Mo, how about this? Let the Night Corporation form a dedicated chain for purchasing vegetables, fruits, meats, and dairy products, specifically selling to Galaxy Corporation, and you guys at Galaxy Corporation handle buying seafood, giving it to Night Corporation. We could form a dual-direction purchasing partnership, what do you think?”
###Chapter 924: Chapter 924: Temper is Exactly Like Ye Junqing
“Why should I collaborate with the Ye Corporation?”
“Because the Ye Corporation has a complete food procurement chain. If you leave it to the Ye Corporation, you can avoid a lot of hassle. Similarly, your Galaxy Corporation has a complete seafood procurement chain, right? If we leave it to you, the Ye Corporation can also save a lot of trouble. We can all make money together, what do you think?”
Mo Yinhe was very unimpressed and kept a straight face: “Unless the lunch you make is really delicious.”
“…” Oh, Alexander!
For a girl who can’t cook, making delicious food is a high standard!
Now, she can only hope the beef stew brought by Xiao Yun can save the day!
Ye Xingguang rolled up her sleeves and worked feverishly.
While cooking noodles, she contacted Yen’an, and even through the phone, she could feel Yen’an’s enthusiasm: “Ah! My little Ninth, you finally contacted me, you don’t know how much I’ve missed you, why do you have a communication ban?”
“I bought it, and I need your help. Is Bai Xiao at your place?”
“He’s not here; he’s at the Bai family in the imperial capital. Why are you looking for Bai Xiao from my house? Let me tell you, it’s despicable to covet a friend’s husband even more shameful!”
“Yuck! I need him for something, could you perhaps mediate for me? I want to ask him to make a trip to the Principality of Carlithea.”
“What’s up, tell me first.” Yen’an was lying in his own yard sunbathing.
“It’s like this, the King of the Principality of Carlithea, Ye Weiqiang, who used to be the favorite of the third princess, is now instigating other kings to boycott my ascension. A lover of the third princess surely wouldn’t willingly submit to me, why keep a king with ulterior motives? I plan to support his son, Ye Chuwen, to take over. I would like Bai Xiao to be my envoy to persuade him. There are not many people I can rely on besides you and Bai Xiao, Yen’an, you must help me.”
Yen’an jumped up furiously, “What, someone’s opposing you? Little Ninth, don’t panic, I will send Bai Xiao right away to mediate for you. But are you sure Ye Chuwen will submit to you? Isn’t Ye Chuwen still Ye Weiqiang’s son?”
Since Gui Baili recommended Ye Chuwen, he should be reliable.
“Ye Chuwen is ambitious, but unappreciated by Ye Weiqiang. Now I offer him the throne, in the struggle for imperial power even father and son don’t recognize each other, the same is true for principalities. I think I have some chances, so I want to give it a try.”
“Ok, no problem. But what are you doing?”
“I’m cooking, making noodles.”
Yen’an looked horrified: “OMG, Little Ninth, are you sure what you’re cooking is edible?”
“Dare to mock me? We’re finished as friends!”
She was really focused on making noodles!
“Wait, switch the camera, why do I feel like I just saw a super twisted evil little devil?” Yen’an, through the virtual screen, spotted Mo Yinhe.
Ye Xingguang swiveled the camera, and Yen’an suddenly let out an exaggerated “Ah”, followed by the call being quickly cut off.
“…….” Is it that horrifying?noveldrama
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but look over at Mo Yinhe, who was sitting on the couch, pulling out a thick book from Yin Xiaohua’s little backpack to read. Is this little guy a scourge of this underwater world?
“Why are you looking at me, do I have a recipe written on my face?” Mo Yinhe put on a cold expression.
This expression, just like Ye Junqing’s, equally annoying, is it possible that people who look alike have the same bad temper?
###Chapter 925: Chapter 925: You woman… how dare you!
“I just think you’re particularly good-looking, little guy, so I couldn’t help but want to take another look. Come on, give Auntie a kiss.”
After saying that, Ye Xingguang walked straight up to Mo Yinhe, embraced his little head, and gave his forehead a firm smack of a kiss.
Mo Yinhe froze for a second, his ears instantly turning crimson red as he forcefully pushed Ye Xingguang away, with his little face stern: “You, woman… How presumptuous!”
“Oh my, are you feeling shy?”
“Who… who’s feeling shy?”
Holding a book in both hands, Mo Yinhe quickly hoisted it up high to block Ye Xingguang’s view, the cold aura immediately surrounding him.
Beside him, Yin Xiaohua pointed at her own little forehead: “Pretty Auntie, I want a kiss too.”
“It’s little Xiaohua who’s adorable.” Ye Xingguang bent down and also left a slobber mark on Yin Xiaohua’s forehead.
Yin Xiaohua was extremely satisfied, “Pretty Auntie, I want to kiss you too.”
“Sure thing.” Ye Xingguang squatted down to let Yin Xiaohua kiss her.
Meanwhile, Mo Yinhe huffed: “You two women, haven’t you had enough?”
“I’m not a woman, I’m a girl. It’s one woman and one girl,” Yin Xiaohua corrected Mo Yinhe’s misuse of words.
With a fed-up expression, Mo Yinhe hugged the book, leaped off the sofa, and walked out with tiny steps in a storm of fury.
Once outside, Mo Yinhe seemed to be annoyed as he twisted his communicator ring. The ring, which looked like a custom-made piece with a small skull painted on it, seemed very much like a demonic overlord’s treasure.noveldrama
Soon, the communicator ring connected with someone else. On seeing Mo Yinhe, the person on the other side bowed deeply and respectfully: “Young Master Mo, what may I assist you with?”
With a glacial coldness akin to the Arctic, Mo Yinhe commanded: “Execute a full-scale economic and military suppression on the Calite Princely State. Within three days, I want to see the Calite Princely State authorities pushing the people to revolt!”
“Yes!” The person on the other end of the communicator ring wasn’t shocked but instead seemed quite enthused, and before hanging up, he still remembered to ask, “Young Master Yin, did the Calite Princely State provoke you? Rest assured, we’ll definitely take revenge for you and make them kneel before you begging for mercy.”
However, Mo Yinhe replied: “Not really, but this young master is in a foul mood, and they just happened to cross my path.”
The person on the other end didn’t find this reason problematic at all. Instead, he responded with shared animosity: “Understood, Young Master Yin. Bumping into you when you’re unhappy is the original sin! Wait for our good news.”
“Hmm.” After finishing, Mo Yinhe cut off the communication.
Inside the house, the water had already boiled. Ye Xingguang put in the noodles, covered the pot, and then started slicing the spiced beef.
Yin Xiaohua stood at her feet, poking her head around: “Pretty Auntie, I want to eat.”
Ye Xingguang handed her a piece and put it in Yin Xiaohua’s mouth.
“Is it tasty?”
Yin Xiaohua smacked her lips twice, her entire expression brightened, her little head nodding vigorously in happiness: “It’s so delicious, I want some more.”
After she finished eating, Ye Xingguang stuffed another slice into her mouth.
Xiao Yun brought over two heart-shaped fried egg molds: “Miss Ye, use these. The fried eggs will look much better when cooked.”
Ye Xingguang’s admiration was genuine: “Brother Xiao Yun, how do you have everything? You even brought these molds?”
Xiao Yun stood by with a straight face as he explained: “I pay quite a bit of attention to the presentation of my food.”
Ye Xingguang felt she had to reassess Xiao Yun: “You’re a grown man, do you really need your fried eggs to be heart-shaped?”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. We’ll continue tomorrow. Do you guys still have monthly passes? Climbing the rankings is tough, just like how Xiao Yun needs his fried eggs in a heart shape—so tough~~ Looking for some love~~]
###Chapter 926: Chapter 926: Are They Really Not Siblings?
Xiao Yun smiled without answering, as if to say if the person he liked was as easy to pursue as Miss Ye, he wouldn’t need the love fund.
Ye Xingguang did not press further either, took the frying pan from Xiao Yun, placed the mold properly, and began to fry eggs. Surprisingly, all her cooking skills improved with just a simple mold.
“Beautiful auntie, looks so nice, must be delicious right?” Yin Xiaohua sweetly flattered that made one want to kiss her.
“Of course, auntie is a great chef.” Her voice even sounded a bit lofty.
She placed the fried egg on a pretty dish, took out the noodles from the pot, added blanched vegetables, layered with aromatic braised beef, and sprinkled some chopped green onion on top, looking absolutely perfect.
“Boss Yin, it’s time to eat the noodles.”
Ye Xingguang, walking with the stride of a new culinary goddess, went outside to find Mo Yinhe and saw him swaying on the swing in the yard, which was intended for adults and rather high. She wondered how his little body managed to climb up there?
She walked over, directly picked Mo Yinhe off the swing. Caught off guard by being embraced, Mo Yinhe paused for a moment, as he seemed never to have been held before and was not used to it, and even a bit awkward, asking coldly, “Who allowed you to hold me?”
“You really are a fussy kid, just as difficult to handle as someone else I know.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang put him down and then reached for his hand, his little hand chubby.
Mo Yinhe stared at his hand being held, pursing his lips, seeming very uncomfortable with her excessive closeness, and his expressionless face turned even more stiff, but he did not pull away from Ye Xingguang’s hand, just grunted, “With who?”
“My husband.”
Mo Yinhe walked with a swaggering gait, “Didn’t you say your husband cherishes you?”
“Just because he cherishes me doesn’t mean he has a good temper.”
Ye Xingguang led Mo Yinhe inside, she served three bowls of noodles and set them on the table, eagerly waiting for Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua’s feedback, “Try it and see how it tastes?”
She had tasted it herself and found it quite good, but wasn’t sure if it would suit the two little ones’ palates.
Mo Yinhe sat dominantly in the child’s seat, glaring at Ye Xingguang, and then dissatisfied again, pointing at Yin Xiaoqi, “She is so small, aren’t you going to feed her? How are you taking care of us?”
“Ah?” Ye Xingguang slapped her forehead, “Sorry, I have no experience with caring for little kids, little Xiaohua, come sit on auntie’s lap, auntie will feed you.”
“Thank you pretty auntie.” Yin Xiaohua moved quickly, soon climbing onto Ye Xingguang’s legs.
Ye Xingguang held Yin Xiaohua in her arms, blew on the noodles to cool them down, and then fed them to Yin Xiaohua.
While feeding, she chatted with Yin Xiaohua, “Xiaohua, who feeds you usually at mealtime?”
“Big pig Mo.”
Yin Xiaohua did not like noodles much, but loved the braised beef. After a couple of bites of noodles, she pointed at the beef hungrily, “Pretty auntie, I want to eat the meat, the meat is so yummy.”
Ye Xingguang was surprised, a five-year-old child feeding a three-year-old? What a sweet feeling.
Isn’t this just like a sibling relationship?
“Of course not, Mo big pig and I both popped out from the cracks in the rocks, right, Mo big pig?”
Mo Yinhe saw the braised beef in her bowl finished quickly, so he moved all the braised beef from his bowl to hers, and at the end, he glanced at Yin Xiaohua, “You are already a pig, how could I still be a pig, are we even the same species?”
“Hmph!” Yin Xiaohua pouted her little mouth up to the sky.
###Chapter 927: Chapter 927: Don’t Know the Surname and Name of That Child?
On the other side, Lord Ye Qing was preparing for his journey under the sea, mainly hoping that Chen Fengdu would hand over the formula for curing vampirism to him.
In a vacation villa by the lake in the deep mountains on the outskirts of Country A’s imperial capital, all the vampire clan leaders were gathered for a meeting. In fact, they all wanted the cure for vampirism as well; if they acquired it, they would no longer have to endure the torment of constantly craving blood.
Around the long office table, more than twenty vampire clan leaders were seated. Without exception, they had all been on the brink of extinction and only took on the identity of vampires to survive. Their individual abilities made them stand out within the vampire clans.
Most who emerged as outstanding figures in the vampire clans possessed extraordinary abilities: they were either billionaires or leading experts in their fields. The willingness to follow Lord Ye Qing was also due to the Ye family’s corporation thriving and reaching new heights under his leadership.
Having such a leader as the heir of the vampire clan, there was no need to worry about the clan’s future in terms of abilities and strategizing.
Chen Fengdu snorted, “If you want me to acknowledge Lord Ye Qing as the legitimate heir, it’s simple. Unless this youngster apologizes to me respectfully in front of everyone, recognizing me as his father from now on! And he has to do one more thing for me.”
Upon hearing this, Lord Ye Qing immediately stood up from his chair, walked over to Chen Fengdu, and gave a deeply respectful bow at ninety degrees, three times.
To be able to marry Little Mermaid Tail, not to mention recognizing Chen Fengdu as his father, even acknowledging him as his grandfather would be fine.
After all, Chen Fengdu had indeed saved his life.noveldrama
“Dad, I’m sorry. I was young and brash, and I hope you are magnanimous enough to forgive my actions this once.”
“Tsk, you’re already twenty-seven years old and you still have the cheek to call yourself young?” Shameless!
The corner of Lord Ye Qing’s eye twitched slightly, but he didn’t retort. He bowed again: “Dad, I beg for your forgiveness, and I will provide for your senior care in the future.”
Hmm, that’s more like it.
Of course, Chen Fengdu was fond of the youngster, but he wouldn’t agree until he had been shown sufficient respect.
“Dad, what do you need me to do for you? Just give the word, and I’ll guarantee your satisfaction.”
“Don’t make promises too lightly, lest you end up slapping your own face,” Chen Fengdu still had a stern expression on his face, “The task I want you to do is not so simple. While you’re going underwater to marry your bride, I also want you to steal a child for me. I’ve long had my eye on that child, but sadly the child does not heed my words. If you can make him recognize me as his grandfather, then this account will be settled.”
Lord Ye Qing furrowed his brows slightly: “You want me to turn a child into a vampire?”
“He’s healthy and without ailment; why would I turn him into a vampire? Do I look like such a heartless person? I simply like the child and want him to be my little grandson. If you can’t manage that, just say so early on. I won’t make it difficult for you, but don’t even think about getting the formula or marrying your beauty without doing this.”
“So, what exactly do you want me to do?”
Chen Fengdu rested his hands on the arms of the Taishi Chair, “Are you not using your head? If you recognize him as your godson, then he would be my rightful little grandson, wouldn’t he?”
Lord Ye Qing: “…”
He was about to have a son himself; why go about adopting an outsider as his godson?
Unfortunately, he was in a position of needing assistance and had to compromise: “Fine, I agree. May I know who the child is?”
###Chapter 928: Chapter 928: You, This Woman, Have Never Had Pure Intentions in Approaching Me
Chen Fengdu immediately exclaimed excitedly: “His name is Mo Yinhe. If you can make him my grandson, all past grievances will be written off.”
“Okay.” Adopting a child as a godson is not a big deal, it isn’t a difficult task.
Chen Fengdu was instantly invigorated, but then said: “You brat, it’s too early to guarantee anything now. Don’t think this will be easy. That little rascal, Mo Yinhe, won’t easily recognize anyone as his dad!”
…
Meanwhile, at the bottom of the sea, in the imperial palace.
Ye Xingguang fed Yin Xiaohua till she was full. Looking at Mo Yinhe, the little guy was sitting on a stool, eating up all the noodles in his bowl meticulously, not even leaving soup behind, and after finishing, he even elegantly wiped his mouth. The noble etiquette was pleasing to the eye.
“President Yin, how do you find this lunch?”
Mo Yinhe, not wanting her to be arrogant, said: “It’s barely passable.”
‘Barely passable’ and you still finished the soup, Ye Xingguang took a deep breath and told herself not to take it to heart like a child would, and asked with a smile: “What about the cooperation between Ye Corporation and Yinhe Corporation?”
“Woman, it’s just a meal, at most I agree that food cooperation can be scheduled, but don’t even think about anything else.”
“OK, no problem, just food cooperation. I’ll have someone prepare the contract immediately, and once ready, we’ll sign it together.”
Ye Xingguang immediately called over Fu Zhuo, who was handling government affairs in her office in the queen’s office, to prepare the contract.
After Fu Zhuo hurried over, he was incredulous: “Little Xingguang, what did you say? You landed such a big deal with just a bowl of noodles? How did you come up with that? This deal is profitable, a win-win! Ye Corporation owns multiple chain supermarkets in Country A and even globally, the terrestrial food supply chain has never been a problem, but seafood from the ocean floor is seldom found on land, the seafood on land is mainly from shallow marine realms. This is indeed a big deal. I’ll prepare the contract now.”
Fu Zhuo was quick to act; within half an hour, he had prepared the contract and handed it to Mo Yinhe, who was sitting on the carpet playing with building blocks with Yin Xiaoqi.
“President Yin, could you look over the contract?”
However, Mo Yinhe just gave Fu Zhuo a faint look: “Read it.”
Fu Zhuo felt a shock as if a bolt of electricity had struck his fontanelle, this President Yin’s expression and tone, were too similar to Lord Qing’s!noveldrama
Could this really not be Lord Qing’s seed?
While reading, Fu Zhuo observed Mo Yinhe, and couldn’t help but remember the times he went to school with Ye Junqing as a kid, deeply moved.
Childhood is truly beautiful!
It’s a pity it doesn’t come back; now he could only reminisce in front of a child.
After reading the entire contract, Fu Zhuo looked at Mo Yinhe, with undeniable warmth in his eyes, and even the tone was much gentler: “President Yin, if you feel this contract is fine, shall we sign it now?”
Mo Yinhe’s face was stern: “Pen.”
Fu Zhuo immediately picked up a pen. Watching the little guy sign the contract, he couldn’t help but feel more admiration; a five-year-old boy, whose handwriting was even sharper than some adults, and exceptionally good-looking, truly had a general’s demeanor.
To celebrate the successful cooperation, Ye Xingguang cut some fresh fruits and made a fruit salad, brought it over for the two children.
Mo Yinhe, far from appreciative, while eating the fruit, still remembered to complain: “You woman, your motives for approaching me have never been pure.”
…
This…
Ye Xingguang touched her nose, actually unable to refute.
But then, if there were no motives, why would she want to contact a stranger child?
He’s not her son anyway.
###Chapter 929: Chapter 929: One Must Have Integrity
Ye Xingguang happily accepted the criticism, sat down to join them in building with blocks, and then discovered that Yin Xiaohua truly was a little expert in building blocks.
When they finally completed it, after two hours, they had built a beautiful villa with a courtyard.
In the courtyard, a little girl was playing with a ball, a little boy was chasing her; in front of the villa’s floor-to-ceiling windows, there was also a small piano, where an adult woman sat playing soulfully, while an adult man stood by her side, looking as if he was earnestly appreciating…
A perfect family of four, the image was captivating.
“Beautiful auntie, does it look good?” Yin Xiaohua boasted.
Ye Xingguang pulled her into her arms: “It looks good, is this little Xiaohua? Then, is this little boy supposed to be little Yinhe?”
“Beautiful auntie, you’re so smart.”
“Who is that in the house playing the piano? Your mom and dad?”
“Um…” Yin Xiaohua bit her lip, thought for a bit, and nodded: “I imagined it, Mo Big Pig said that building with blocks is to cultivate imagination, to build whatever you imagine. Mo Big Pig, am I awesome?”noveldrama
Mo Yinhe lay on his back on the carpet with his legs crossed, a quite comfortable posture, yet his voice was rather perfunctory: “I guess so, but most of the time, you’re as stupid as a pig; today might be an exceptional performance.”
Yin Xiaohua placed her hands on her hips: “Mo Big Pig, you big meanie!”
Mo Yinhe looked up to see Yin Xiaohua towering above him: “It’s not like you didn’t know that already.”
“Humph! I’m not talking to you anymore!”
Yin Xiaohua put on an upset little facade, waiting for him to coax her.
Unfortunately, not only did Mo Yinhe not coax her, but he also said: “You said it yourself, don’t come to me for play later. A person needs to have some backbone.”
Yin Xiaohua stamped her feet angrily and flung herself into Ye Xingguang’s arms: “Wuu wuu wuu, beautiful auntie, I really hate Mo Big Pig, my little heart is all shattered.”
“Don’t cry, don’t cry, auntie will play with you.”
However, Yin Xiaohua really had no backbone, and in less than half an hour, she actively approached Mo Yinhe to play with him.
At this time, Vice Officer Han brought Ye Xingguang an invitation.
Ye Xingguang held it in her hand: “What’s this?”
“Your Highness the Queen, tonight is Geshu Yuan’s birthday, and she has sent an invitation, hoping that you will attend her birthday banquet.”
Ye Xingguang laughed, she and Geshu Yuan weren’t friends, in fact, she was someone Geshu Yuan detested. Was the woman sending her an invitation to her birthday banquet really not setting up a trap?
“I’m not going.” Ye Xingguang directly threw the invitation to the side.
Vice Officer Han said: “Your Highness the Queen, the Third Elder said that his unfilial niece, Geshu Yuan, has invited all the kings who have come to the capital to prepare for the Queen’s Coronation to the banquet tonight, and the Third Elder fears that the birthday party could turn into a gathering against you, so he asked me to inform you beforehand that this is definitely just Geshu Yuan’s personal action and does not represent the Geshu family’s stance.”
“Is that so?”
This old fox really knows how to clear himself of any involvement.
“Go tell him, if he can’t even control his own niece, he has the cheek to tell me that it doesn’t represent the Geshu family’s stance, what a thick face! Tell him, there’s a saying ‘if one can’t cleanse one’s own doorstep, how can one cleanse the world?’ If they can’t even do this, the Geshu family better withdraw from the temporary federal government soon.”
Vice Officer Han dared not relay this message, unless he no longer wished to live.
“Your Highness the Queen, are you really not going?”
“Does Geshu Yuan have such great influence that Her Majesty the Queen should go and celebrate her birthday?”
###Chapter 930: Chapter 930 Muya Jiushu, This Despicable Woman!
Ye Xingguang not only did not plan to attend Geshu Yuan’s birthday banquet, she also told Vice Officer Han: “Go inform all the rulers of the vassal states, the elders of the six great clans, and the reputable figures in the imperial capital. Tonight, I will be holding a welcome banquet in the palace to welcome the rulers of the major vassal states who have come from afar, to cleanse them of the dust of travel.”
Vice Officer Han: “Should we consult with the six elders about this?”
Ye Xingguang threw a cold glance: “What, as the soon-to-be empress of the Atlantis Empire, do I need to consult the six elders and get their approval to hold a banquet? Am I a puppet being manipulated by them?”
“Of— of course not, I’ll handle it immediately.”
Vice Officer Han dared not say more and bowed as he withdrew.
As soon as Vice Officer Han left, Ye Xingguang furrowed her brows tightly, fearing that Vice Officer Han would shirk his duties, she turned to Fu Zhuo and said: “Brother Fu, follow Vice Officer Han. This is the first banquet I am hosting, it must not be mishandled. Ensure that all the relevant guests are invited. I want no one to attend Geshu Yuan’s banquet. Do you understand my intention?”
Fu Zhuo said: “I understand, but I’m not familiar with this underwater world. Besides those rulers and the elders of the six great clans, I’m clueless about who else should be invited. You need to find someone familiar with this world for me, otherwise, even if I’m deceived, I might not be aware.”
“Alright, go find Bai Xiao, he is well-informed about this place. I will send you his contact information later, hurry and go.”
Fu Zhuo nodded, stepped up, and went after Vice Officer Han.
…
That evening, Geshu Yuan held her birthday banquet at the empire’s largest hotel. The birthday banquet was even grander than a wedding, the hall was brilliantly illuminated. She had finished her makeup and, seeing that it was about time, arrived at the entrance of the hall to greet the guests.
Little did she know, the bustling scene she had envisioned did not materialize. Few attended her birthday banquet except for some close girlfriends, Geshu family members, and some boys who wished to pursue her.
These guests were simply not significant enough.noveldrama
What’s happening?
Hadn’t she sent invitations to all the rulers of the vassal states? Even Ye Weiqiang, the ruler of Cartalia who usually spoiled her, did not attend her birthday banquet. Wasn’t it agreed to persuade other rulers to boycott Muya Jiushu’s coronation?
Even the empire’s most handsome man, Bai Yalan, whom she liked, didn’t attend her birthday banquet, only sending a gift instead.
Geshu Yuan’s heart was breaking, she grabbed Bai Yalan’s assistant and asked: “Why didn’t Brother Bai come? Didn’t he say he had the time?”
“I’m truly sorry, Miss Geshu. Her Highness the Queen suddenly held a banquet tonight and informed Mr. Bai. Mr. Bai couldn’t refuse, so he had to attend the Queen’s banquet. However, Mr. Bai said he would come to support your event after the banquet.”
“!!!”
Muya Jiushu, you despicable woman!
Daring not to attend her birthday, yet stealing her guests!
…
At the palace’s state banquet hall, tonight the elite gathered. Ye Xingguang sat on the queen’s throne, holding a wine glass, sharing fine wine with the rulers of the vassal states and other guests.
To her left, there were two small chairs that caught everyone’s attention, especially Mo Yinhe who, with his cool icy face and squinted eyes, surveyed the people seated on both sides of the state banquet hall, making others shiver.
###Chapter 931: Chapter 931: Is Mo Yinhe the Son of Xiaojiujiu?
However, what was most terrifying was not Mo Yinhe’s icy expression, but what he said next: “I heard that some are extremely resentful about my mother ascending the throne. Who are they? Step forward and let me recognize you.”
“Pfft… cough… cough cough…” Not only others were scared, but Ye Xingguang was also choked by the fine wine.
What did this young tycoon of the empire just say, his mother?
Ye Xingguang choked several times, his eyes landing on Mo Yinhe’s cool and cute face, which looked extremely like Lord Ye Junqing. Could this child actually be the illegitimate son of that great disaster, thus planning to recognize her as his stepmother?
Even more shocked than her was Fu Zhuo standing next to Ye Xingguang as the “Chief Eunuch,” whose entire expression was stunned!
No mistake, right? No mistake, right? What did he say! This kid looks exactly like his family’s Lord Junqing, who just spoke out, oh my, if his godmother finds out about this, wouldn’t she be over the moon?
In the great hall, no one could laugh about this.
Even Geshu Tang deeply stared at Mo Yinhe, then looked at Ye Xingguang, and afterwards his face was full of question marks 
Mo Yinhe is the son of Xiao Jiujiu?
That’s absolutely impossible!
Mo Yinhe scanned the room: “How come? No one willing to stand up? Could it be that these are merely rumors, or are the cowards only brave behind the back, and now in front of my mother, dare not even let out a fart?”
Wow, my young master, this momentum, truly worthy of my Lord Junqing’s true legacy!
“Hah, how about this, distinguished kings, those who support my mother’s ascension, step forward and let me recognize you?”
As soon as these words fell, immediately one king, with a whoosh, stood up quicker than anyone else.
Such cowardice, it’s simply unbearable to watch directly.
This king, the ruler of the Kingdom of Burdys, personally supported to the throne by Mo Yinhe, was only twenty-eight years old.
After standing up, he firmly stated: “Your Highness the Queen, everyone in our Kingdom of Burdys eagerly awaits Your Highness’s succession. You are the unique Ocean Goddess in our hearts, you are our faith.”
Ye Xingguang looked at this young king, nodding his head in satisfaction.noveldrama
“Your Highness the Queen, our Kingdom of Kadiaka also sincerely looks forward to your coronation.”
Two-thirds of the population of the Kingdom of Kadiaka are descendants of the vampire clan, suffering from the symptoms that necessitate drinking blood. They need to purchase fresh blood from foreign countries every year, which is a huge expenditure, thus, the words of this king were undoubtedly heartfelt.
Ye Xingguang also nodded his head in satisfaction.
Then, more and more sovereigns of various principalities stood up one after another, each declaring their stance.
“Your Highness the Queen, you are the absolute Ocean Goddess in the hearts of our nationals, we have awaited this day for many years.”
“Your Highness the Queen, you are the only queen in the hearts of our people, any other who wishes to claim the throne, we will not accept…”
“Your Highness the Queen…”
In the end, thirteen principalities, ten of them stood up to show their stance, leaving only three principalities’ rulers sitting immobile in their seats, among whom the biggest thorn was Ye Weiqiang, the ruler of the Principality of Caliet.
Mo Yinhe glared at the unrecognizing Ye Weiqiang: “What now, King Ye, do you think my mother is not worthy of this title of Queen?”
Ye Weiqiang sneered: “So, Little Mo always feels she’s worthy?”
###Chapter 932: Chapter 932: The Coldest Little Demon King in History
Mo Yinhe merely smiled without a word, standing up from his seat and then, with an arrogant swagger, stepped down from the stage, walking step by step toward Ye Weiqiang. Separated by a short table, he looked at Ye Weiqiang, who remained seated.
On Ye Weiqiang’s face hung a mocking smile: “Her Highness, the Queen here, is neither offspring of the previous sovereign nor born within our Atlantis Empire, an obscure girl who, relying on having a mermaid’s tail, dares to call herself the Goddess of the Sea. How audacious! Don’t forget, all the legitimate heirs of the former monarch were slaughtered by her. And you cowards still pay homage to her one by one, isn’t it just because the Ancient Vampire King said that marrying her as queen would secure the antidote from the vampire race? I, Ye Weiqiang, am not a descendant of the vampires, I lack your cowardly concerns. My nation and I refuse to recognize her as queen. This is where I stand today…”
“Bang!” A resounding blast.
The incident occurred too swiftly, catching everyone off-guard.
Before Ye Weiqiang could finish his righteous speech, a gunshot suddenly resonated in the great hall where the heroes were gathered.
That gunshot instantly shattered the harmonious atmosphere within the hall.
Many looked toward Ye Weiqiang in disbelief, only to see him shot in the heart, blood spurting out from his chest.
Yet the culprit merely retreated two steps to avoid having his exquisite little suit stained with blood; then, he blew on the muzzle of the handgun.
“Mo Yinhe! You’re too presumptuous!” The King, who was seated next to Ye Weiqiang, slammed the table and stood up.
Mo Yinhe narrowed his eyes, looking over at the King Cao Jianyu who had risen in anger, and in the next second, suddenly raised his handgun, pressing it against Cao Jianyu’s forehead: “This young master can be even more presumptuous. Would you like to give it a try?”noveldrama
Cao Jianyu, about to speak, was silenced by meeting Mo Yinhe’s cold eyes that resembled Luo Sa’s icy expression; he unwillingly shifted his body, then glared angrily at Ye Xingguang on the throne: “Muya Jiushu, is this how you allow your son to freely execute Kings in the great hall?”
Ye Xingguang was stunned, never expecting the little guy to be so cold-blooded and violent, shooting without a second thought?
After a short pause, she immediately put down her wine glass, sat upright with dignity, and said with a stern face: “Ye Weiqiang openly defied my royal authority and deserved to be executed on the spot. Who else dares to challenge my authority?”
Having said this, she glanced subconsciously at the six Elders. The Elders all casually sat there drinking, as if this bloody banquet hall had nothing to do with them, assuming the stance of remaining uninvolved.
Ye Xingguang sighed in relief and felt more confident, sitting majestically on the Queen’s throne, with a composed expression: “My son has done well!”
“You!”
Cao Jianyu had not expected Ye Xingguang, a young girl, to be so ruthless. He turned his gaze to the important members of the interim federal government, the six Elders: “Honorable Elders, are you going to let him massacre the innocent here, too?”
“Massacre the innocent?”
Mo Yinhe chuckled, pursing his lips slightly, still with a cold vampiric gaze: “Who said I killed anyone? Aren’t there many descendants of vampires here? He’s merely hanging by a thread. If someone gives him the First Embrace now, he could still be saved.
Didn’t Ye Weiqiang boast that others are cowards and he alone is a tough guy? Let’s see him remain ‘tough’ once he becomes part of the vampire community. And later, don’t come begging my mother for the antidote.”
Having said this, he gestured with his hand: “Take him away, and give him the First Embrace!”
###Chapter 933: Chapter 933: Clinging Tightly to My Son’s Thighs
Entering the imperial banquet hall were two underlings of Fire Glaze, who carried Ye Weiqiang straight out.
Mo Yinhe had already ascended the stairs and returned to his little seat, playing with a miniature handgun, and swept his gaze over the crowd from his elevated position: “Who else thinks my mother doesn’t qualify to be queen?”
Apart from Cao Jianyu, another king persuaded by Ye Weiqiang wiped the sweat from his forehead and downed the wine on his table in one gulp.
Mo Yinhe effortlessly called out his name: “King Guo, what about you? You seem to have not taken a stand yet. You don’t plan on being a fence-sitter, wavering between both sides, do you?”
As he spoke, the gun in his hand swung like a toy from left to right, resembling the wavering fence-sitter.
King Guo watched the little rascal fiddling with the gun, terrified of an accidental discharge. Had any other brat dared to be so arrogant before him, he would have slapped them already, but this was the notorious Mo Yinhe!
In the empire, there was no one who did not know the name Mo Yinhe. Not only because he was the empire’s wealthiest, but also because he had once overnight taken control of a prince’s state. Without substantial backing, a mere kid couldn’t possibly pull off such a feat!
Such a small but ruthless character!
Throughout the banquet hall, even the six elder statesmen did nothing, their attitude seemingly nonchalant, yet clearly permissive.
He feared that if he dared voice disagreement now, in the next second Mo Yinhe would make him “eat a bullet,” and it wasn’t even his territory. If he got killed, he’d have no place to cry foul; even if his sons sought vengeance later, the harm would’ve already been done to him, and all they could do might be to take his ashes home.noveldrama
A man who understands the times is a wise man; King Guo certainly did not wish to follow in Ye Weiqiang’s footsteps. Wiping his sweat, he immediately stood up: “Our principality of Auka is a devout worshipper of the Sea God, and we wish Her Highness the Queen an early coronation.”
“Sit down,” Ye Xingguang waved his hand.
This day was just too glorious. A little guy had held sway over the entire room; this morning’s egg and beef noodles were not made in vain!
Blood boiling with excitement, Ye Xingguang once again raised his glass: “Let’s raise a toast to celebrate.”
After everyone raised their glasses to celebrate, song and dance performances began to add to the festivities, as though the prior tension was merely an illusion.
Ye Xingguang sat on the queen’s throne, glanced at Mo Yinhe, who was peeling shrimp for Yin Xiaohua, leaned over, and whispered, “Little Mo CEO, thanks. But why did you say I was your mom?”
Mo Yinhe looked up languidly, with a gaze that seemed to regard him as a fool: “If Young Master didn’t say so, do you think I could keep them in line? I’ve let you cling onto my thigh, don’t get too proud. Tonight, you must sing a lullaby for Hua Xiaozhu and get her to sleep!”
Ye Xingguang had a headache, feeling a strange sense of regret: “Uh… so you’re just saying it casually?”
Mo Yinhe: “Don’t overthink it. At most, I’ll be your foster son for seven days.”
“…” She almost read too much into it!!!
But now, with Ye Weiqiang wounded tonight, the principality of Caliteya certainly wouldn’t let things go so easily. Fortunately, she had secretly ordered Gui Baili to send troops to the principality of Caliteya, so if something did happen, like a coup, they wouldn’t be entirely unprepared.
At that moment, Geshu Tang, who was sitting down below, lifted his cup: “Little Ninety-Nine, when did you ever have such a grown child as Mo Yinhe? Can you share the gossip with me?”
As soon as these words were spoken, everyone’s ears perked up.
In order to cozy up to Mo Yinhe, Ye Xingguang shed all pretenses, shamelessly saying: “How could I not? In fact, I owe it to your brother, Geshu Chen, for playing matchmaker. Back when he sent people to kill me, it led me to encounter Night Ruler Qing in times of danger. Sharing life and death experiences, isn’t that just as intense as thunder striking the earth in passion?”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, continue tomorrow. Who still has monthly tickets? I’m asking for monthly tickets, please help me climb the ranks, beg you~~]
###Chapter 934: Chapter 934: The Child Takes After His Father
Geshu Tang swirled his wine glass, “Little Jiushu, if I’m not mistaken, you were only twelve years old back then, right? Have you developed yet?”
“So the physiological structure of mermaids is completely different from that of ordinary people. Is there a problem?” Ye Xingguang decided to firmly cling to the support of the great magnate Mo and bluffed without changing her facial expression.
Geshu Tang laughed, “Of course there’s no problem. But I remember, the young magnate Mo started establishing the Galaxy Corporation in the imperial capital nine years ago.”
“So this further proves that the physiological structure of mermaids is completely different from that of ordinary people. Can’t you understand that?”
Geshu Tang’s indifferent gaze fell on Mo Yinhe, “So, what you mean, Little Jiushu, is that the young magnate Mo is also a mermaid.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang raised her glass to Geshu Tang, the corners of her mouth curving slightly, “Like father, like son.”
Even though he knew she was talking nonsense, he was impressed by her fluent responses. Geshu Tang raised his glass too, took a sip, and did not continue to press the matter.
Just then, outside the grand hall, a guard rushed in in a hurry, shouting, “Your Highness, the Queen, something terrible has happened. Over a hundred military submersibles have suddenly appeared in the skies over the imperial capital. I heard… I heard… it is said that King Ye’s son, upon learning that his father was innocently shot and killed at the banquet, has brought in a large army. He openly declared that if the culprits are not handed over, they will bombard the imperial capital.”
In the grand hall of the royal banquet, where everything was peaceful and joyful, the guests immediately became panicked, whispering to each other and blameful gazes were directed toward Mo Yinhe on the stage.
Ye Xingguang, noticing the accusatory gazes from everyone, slammed her wine glass on the table in front of her and scolded loudly, “What’s the panic? The sky has not fallen! It’s just a bunch of rebels. Has the military defense of the imperial capital weakened to the point where it can’t even block a group of rebels?”
The military defense of the imperial capital was Geshu Tang’s responsibility. Hearing this, he slightly furrowed his brows but his tone was still calm, “Of course it’s impenetrable.”
Hearing Geshu Tang’s words, everyone felt a bit more at ease.
However, there were those who looked forward to the turmoil, eager for schadenfreude, like Cao Jianyu, who sat poised in his seat.
The distress signal was sent by him just now. This time, if Ye Weiqiang dares to publicly oppose Muya Jiushu’s ascension to the throne in the imperial capital, it surely wouldn’t just be verbal dissent; his troops had long been secretly amassed and ready to strike at any moment. Whether the defense can be penetrated or not, we’ll only know after they attack!
Indeed, Fourth Elder Quan Ji raised a question: “Third Elder, if the defense is impenetrable, how is it possible that over a hundred military submersibles already hovering over the imperial capital went undetected?”
Second Elder Ying Shikang also frowned deeply, questioning: “How could the imperial capital’s military defense allow over a hundred military submersibles to appear in the skies above? It’s practically making the imperial capital a live target. If the military submersibles launch torpedoes, the imperial capital wouldn’t withstand being bombed!”
Great Elder Bai Qiuhe also posed a question, “Ordinarily, let alone military submersibles entering the airspace of the imperial capital, even when reaching the maximum firing range, there would be an early warning system to either drive them away or shoot them down. Now, the enemy has brought the military submersibles directly above us and you’re still talking about impenetrable defenses! Your Highness, the Queen, we absolutely cannot adopt an blindly optimistic attitude. We must immediately take countermeasures to turn hostility into peace; otherwise, the imperial capital is in jeopardy.”
There were guests timid as mice, who lacked the courage and clamored, “The military power of the Kalithea Principalities has always been strong. King Ye’s third son, Ye Tianfan, is even more a military fanatic. Now that King Ye’s life hangs by a thread, Ye Tianfan will surely not let it go. If he goes crazy and orders all military submersibles to fire torpedoes at the same time, the imperial capital will surely be blown to smithereens! It’s all… it’s all Mo Yinhe’s fault, hand him over! I don’t want to die in an explosion!”
###Chapter 935: Chapter 935: Shall We Fall in Love Now That the Crisis Is Over?
Ye Xingguang looked at the cowardly figure, not knowing which prestigious family’s young master he might be. Dressed up to the nines, yet so feeble in spirit!
If panic spreads because of him, Xiao Mo, who stood up for her today, might just become the sacrificial lamb offered up by the crowd. That was something Ye Xingguang would never allow to happen!noveldrama
Her face turned stern, and she issued an order: “Xiao Yun, drag this coward away. Anyone else who dares to speak such feeble words about begging for mercy from the rebels will be executed on the spot!”
Standing next to Fu Zhuo, Xiao Yun did not utter another word but dragged the fearful young man away.
However, this did nothing to calm the hearts of the guests present, let alone appease the distress of over ten million people living in the Imperial City!
Cao Jianyu stood up, his voice finally regaining some confidence: “Your Highness, the Queen, the situation has been provoked by Mo Yinhe. Are you really willing to sacrifice over ten million citizens of the Imperial City for the troubles your son has caused? How can we follow Your Highness, a Queen who disregards the safety of her people?”
Ye Xingguang sneered: “If I were to comply under pressure from any rebellious force that approaches, allowing them to achieve their goals, then I don’t deserve to have you Kings follow me, do I? Is that how you rule your dominion, King Cao? Surrendering to every demand as soon as terrorists surround your Diat principalities? Indeed, you’d make quite the ruler.”
Cao Jianyu was at a loss for words.
Ye Xingguang’s gaze swept across the room, becoming increasingly sharp: “Which of you Kings here runs their dominions like King Cao?”
That would be utterly pathetic!
The other Kings, of course, would not admit to that. However, who wouldn’t have a flicker of unease inside? If Ye Tianfan were pushed to his limits, a few torpedoes fired directly at the Empire Palace would see them unjustly slain.
Qin Zhenxin, a true supporter of Ye Xingguang from the principalities of Buldis, stood up and said, “Please, Your Highness, devise a strategic response soon. We will certainly follow you in whatever steps you take.”
Fu Zhuo stood beside Ye Xingguang, in a state of utter distress. Little Starlight was practically a commander without troops here, and now with over a hundred military submarines glaring menacingly, even Fu Zhuo could not think of a solution. What could Little Starlight possibly come up with?
Outside the hall, Xiao Yun and Huo Liuli stood together, both looking up at the sky above the Empire.
As expected, they could see many military vessels menacingly stationed in the water. On their own, they might handle it, but against such a fleet, both Xiao Yun and Huo Liuli were at a loss.
Xiao Yun said, “If things truly spiral out of control, we must ensure Miss Ye’s absolute safety.”
Huo Liuli flicked her neat short hair, “You stay here to protect the master, I’ll go call for the preparation of a small submarine, ready to evacuate at any moment. This place isn’t something our master can withstand alone.”
The war felt imminent, leaving no time for either of them to dwell on past romantic entanglements. Huo Liuli took a few steps and then suddenly turned back, giving Xiao Yun a glance: “You take care of yourself, kid.”
“Worried about me?” Xiao Yun suddenly flashed a dangerously charming smile.
Huo Liuli snorted without a word and walked away with a stride that was both cold and awesome.
Xiao Yun watched her awe-inspiring departure and called out, “If we get past this crisis, how about you agree to grant me your hand in thanks for saving your life?”
He vividly remembered the time she had saved his life in the tunnel, but unfortunately, Huo Liuli had only thrown him a powerful, enrapturing back view without responding to any of his words.
Fearless of death, Xiao Yun continued, “If you’re silent, I’ll take it as your consent?”
###Chapter 936: Chapter 936: Don’t be afraid, Mommy’s herenoveldrama
In the great hall, Ye Xingguang had already risen to her feet, thinking to go outside and check on the situation. She took just two steps before remembering she couldn’t leave the two children alone in the hall—what if someone took them out and handed them over to Ye Weiqiang’s son?
So, she turned back and extended her hand: “Xiaohua, Little Mo, come with me.”
Yin Xiaohua was preoccupied with eating, seemingly unaware of the impending disaster, wiped her little hands, and placed her small hand in Ye Xingguang’s.
Mo Yinhe was even more composed, standing up leisurely, staring at Ye Xingguang’s hand, and hesitated for a moment.
Ye Xingguang firmly grasped Mo Yinhe’s chubby little hand, trying to reassure him, giving him a soothing look: “Don’t be afraid, Mommy is here, I absolutely won’t let anyone take you away.”
Mo Yinhe eerily quieted for three seconds, then calmly followed her out of the great hall.
All six Elders, twelve sovereigns of the Vassal States, and other distinguished guests of the imperial capital, followed behind Ye Xingguang, exiting the great hall and looking up at the military submarines arrayed in an orderly fashion above the imperial capital.
This is bad, yet the heart remains steady.
A look, only to feel more panic, many guests were so frightened their faces turned pale, desperately seeking a mainstay.
Clearly, Ye Xingguang was not the mainstay they had in mind. Several people chased after the six Elders, asking:
“Third Elder, what should we do now?”
“Great Elder, please tell us, how do we resolve this crisis?”
“Second Elder, think of something!”
“Fifth Elder, …”
“Fourth Elder…”
“Sixth Elder, we can’t just sit here and wait to die.”
Behind Ye Xingguang, anxious guests were urgently inquiring; at this moment, no one was asking her anymore, probably all convinced she had no solution to the crisis, so they didn’t count on her.
Only Fu Zhuo and Xiao Yun stood by her side, vigilantly protecting her, fearing others would use her to solve problems.
“Xiaohua, are you scared?” Ye Xingguang squatted down to comfort Yin Xiaohua.
Yin Xiaohua’s tender little face didn’t show a hint of panic. Her plump little mouth smacking, she continued to eat the snack in her mouth, finishing it before saying, “Pretty aunty, Big Mo Pig will protect me.”
Ye Xingguang breathed a sigh of relief, as long as the kids weren’t frightened.
“Little Mo, don’t be afraid either.”
Mo Yinhe spoke expressionlessly: “What’s there to be scared of? If you feel you can’t handle it, just hand me over.”
“I am not that feeble, you just take good care of Xiaohua, leave the rest to me.”
Ye Xingguang said this without much confidence, but the situation being as it was, she absolutely could not fall into disarray.
She twirled her ring, connecting to Gui Baili.
“Your Highness the Queen,” Gui Baili bowed his head in salute from the virtual screen.
“Lili, where are you?”
Gui Baili said, “I’m in the Vassal State of Kali Teya, just got word of the situation in the imperial capital. The journey back will probably take two hours. Your Highness, try to stall for two hours; I’ve already dispatched confidants to protect you at the palace, and the Deputy General is preparing for battle.”
Gui Baili had received Ye Xingguang’s orders in the morning and secretly mobilized troops towards the Vassal State of Kali Teya. Now, warships had already been lying in wait in the skies of Kali Teya, concealed and ready. Unexpectedly, news just arrived that over a hundred military vessels appeared above the imperial capital.
With Ye Weiqiang in her hands, securing a two-hour negotiation window, Ye Xingguang felt confident.
“Alright, I’ll wait for you. But if a fight breaks out, the imperial capital will surely be a river of blood. I’d still prefer a peaceful solution. So, ensure you have control over the Vassal State of Kali Teya, that way I’ll have leverage for the negotiations.”
###Chapter 937: Chapter 937: Yet Someone Refused to Let Her Go
Gui Baili said: “Understood. Ye Tianfan doesn’t dare to start a war. If he dares to order an attack on the imperial capital, the twelve vassal states will definitely come to suppress it in this name, unless he has enough military might to oppose the twelve vassal states, and also my frenzied revenge. Otherwise, he would be digging his own grave!”
Upon hearing these words, Ye Xingguang felt much more relieved: “Little Baili, in this situation, the only person I can rely on is you.”
No sooner had she finished speaking than her other hand was firmly squeezed by a chubby little hand.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang lowered her head to see Mo Yinhe’s face looking incredibly stinky.
“What’s the matter, Little General Mo?”
“Hmph.” Little General Mo just hmphed, leaving the rest for her to figure out on her own.
How could Ye Xingguang know what his grunt meant?
“Little Baili, keep in touch at all times. I need to know the situation on your side. Alright, enough talk, I’m waiting for you to come and rescue me.”
At this time, one must be truly candid; whether she could stand firm in the empire depended on how many people she could use. Gui Baili was a confidant she was determined to win over. With troops in her hand, she could have confidence.
Beside her, Cao Jianyu was still causing trouble: “Your Highness the Queen, is your solution just to stand here and wait? As the queen who leads the thirteen vassal states of the empire, where is your wisdom? Where is your shrewdness? I do not wish to die here as part of your joint funeral! Do the others wish to become innocent spirits slain by firearms because of a child’s recklessness?”
Hearing Cao Jianyu’s inflammatory remarks, many people who feared death looked at Mo Yinhe with both fear and anger.
“Yes, Your Highness the Queen, we cannot allow ourselves to be buried here because of a bratty child. The more than ten million inhabitants of the imperial capital cannot pay the price for a bratty child’s reckless actions!”
“If we don’t hand over Mo Yinhe now, a torpedo could come down from the sky at any moment, blowing us into a bunch of minced meat! Your Highness the Queen, we must hand over Mo Yinhe today to give Ye Tianfan an explanation. He had no right to shoot Ye Weiqiang anyways; hand him over, hand him over!”
“I don’t want to die. Before Your Highness the Queen returned, the imperial capital has never faced such an extinction-level disaster. Now, before even ascending the throne, you have put the country in crisis. Just earlier in the grand hall, how authoritative you were in backing up your own son, now turn around and support us, protect our lives and property from damage!”
…
Seeing the commotion and noise at the scene, the Third Elder walked over and without a word slapped the last speaker: “To have such a craven youngster in my Geshu family is a complete disgrace!”
The other elders at this moment also sternly reprimanded those noble men and women: “Shut your mouths!”
At the face of a great enemy, the six great elders are firmly supportive of Ye Xingguang, which brings her comfort.
Ye Xingguang swept her gaze around and said sternly: “The Third Elder is right, you all are the key talents of the empire, now or in the future. If you cannot withstand even a little wind and rain, if you fall into disarray before the enemy even attacks, it is a true disgrace to our empire!”
Ye Xingguang aimed to steady people’s hearts, but there were some who just wouldn’t let her off.
Cao Jianyu scornfully said: “Everyone can talk a good game, but Your Highness the Queen and the six elders, how exactly do you plan to protect the imperial capital?”
“This matter does not require your concern. King Cao, you’d better just stay here calmly! Guards, escort King Cao down and treat him well.”
At this time, one definitely cannot allow King Cao to continue stirring trouble here, nor let him run off; who knows if he’s in cahoots with Ye Tianfan, or if he might be an inside agent…
###Chapter 938: Chapter 938: Then, I Shall Grant Your Wish
Geshu Tang was relieved to see her holding steady, without panicking or becoming distraught: “Jiushu, you must immediately issue a video address to reassure the hearts of the more than ten million citizens of the imperial capital. The other elders and I will discuss countermeasures.”
Ye Xingguang nodded: “Fine, I have just one condition: in the face of the rebel forces’ threats, we will not compromise! No one can expect me to exchange Mo Yinhe for the peace of the imperial capital!”
Beside them, several guards were about to take Cao Jianyu away, but Cao Jianyu laughed loudly: “My fellow kings, do you really want to stake your lives and fortunes on such a woman with no experience in governing a nation? Do you really want to wait until Ye Tianfan’s artillery shells fall on your heads before you realize what ‘too late for regrets’ means?”
The King Guo, a fickle opportunist, jumped up: “Hand over… hand over Mo Yinhe!”
“Hmph…” Mo Yinhe chuckled coldly: “King Guo, you truly are a turncoat.”
King Guo was rather timid, and meeting the stern, devil’s face of Mo Yinhe, he said nothing more, afraid that Mo Yinhe would pull out a gun and shoot him on the spot.
Cao Jianyu said: “You reckless child, with your impetuous actions, you’ve put the lives of more than ten million citizens of the empire at risk. There is a saying: ‘The prince who breaks the law suffers as the commoners do.’ Besides, Muya Jiushu has not officially ascended the throne yet; she isn’t the true queen!”
“So, Cao Jianyu, are you in such a hurry to rebel?”noveldrama
With his little hands pocketed, Mo Yinhe looked up lazily at the much-taller Cao Jianyu, his gaze was not one of looking up but rather a disdainful one, as if looking down from above.
“I’m just telling the truth! The elders should not support Muya Jiushu’s ascension!”
Ambitious as he was, Cao Jianyu was actually a nephew of the former king by a cousin, and by blood relation, even he had more right to the throne than Muya Jiushu.
“And you, Mo Yinhe, you think you’re tough? If you dare, take your little handgun and command those hundred plus warships above to submit to Muya Jiushu, to salute her as they would a general!”
Ye Xingguang frowned, shielding Mo Yinhe behind her, and drew his small pistol from behind his back, aiming it directly at Cao Jianyu: “King Cao, this small pistol can’t make those hundred plus warships above bow their heads to me, but it is more than enough to execute a treacherous subject with a divided heart like you. Want to give it a try?”
Unconcerned, Cao Jianyu’s face was brimming with confidence: “So now, is Her Majesty’s solution to any king who displeases her to simply kill that king, to silence anyone who dares to speak the truth? If the entire nation refuses to obey you, would you annihilate us all?”
Ye Xingguang, never one to hold back, responded: “For a great general to be famed throughout history, countless bones are needed. I don’t mind adding another rotten skeleton to the pile!”
“Jiushu,” said Shu Tang, shaking his head at her.
Ye Xingguang pretended not to hear; after all, her reputation for wiping out the previous royalty was already well established in people’s hearts!
In short, today, whoever dares to demand that she hand over Mo Yinhe, she would ascend to the throne over their dead bones!
“Ha…” Just then, Mo Yinhe stepped out from behind Ye Xingguang, with an air of calm composure, “Having those hundred plus warships above bow to my mother and salute her as a general? That would make a nice gift in celebration of my mother’s impending coronation. King Cao, since you’re so eager to see this, I shall grant your wish.”
###Chapter 939: Chapter 939: This… Can’t Be, Right?
Having said that, Mo Yinhe moved the communication ring on his small hand.
After the connection, Mo Yinhe said to the person on the holographic screen: “All fleets, perform the military salute to Her Majesty the Queen.”
As these words fell, everyone felt that something was amiss.
What was this little demon Mo Yinhe up to?
Cao Jianyu sneered lightly: “Kid, keep spouting your nonsense, make a random call, put on airs like you can do anything, I see you…”
Before he could finish, the over one hundred submarine vessels overhead suddenly moved in unison, bowing down with their fronts and lifting their rears, a gesture resembling a military salute. Indeed, this was the way the empire’s submarines would salute their superiors during a military parade.
Cao Jianyu suddenly widened his eyes. What was happening?noveldrama
Seeing over a hundred submarine vessels performing the salute in unison, everyone at the scene was dumbfounded.
“What’s going on? Wasn’t Ye Tianfan supposed to seek justice for his father? Wasn’t he going to pressure Her Royal Highness the Queen with a grand army to hand over the ringleader who murdered his father? How come with just a word from Mo Yinhe, they’re all bending at the waist?”
“Why do all these submarine vessels listen to Mo Yinhe? This is too strange. Could it be, these subs belong to Mo Yinhe?”
“This… that can’t be right?… Where does Mo Yinhe get so many vessels… Can someone tell me what’s going on?”
Those who were shocked and agitated were the same group of young men and women who had just been eager to hand over Mo Yinhe for peace. Now, they likely realized something, and each was filled with dread. If these submarine vessels were actually Mo Yinhe’s and not Ye Tianfan’s army bearing down, then had they not just offended this little demon Mo Yinhe?
“This can’t be happening!” Cao Jianyu stared at the over one hundred submarine vessels above him, frowning deeply, barely maintaining composure, then looked down at the always calm and arrogantly rampant Mo Yinhe: “Did you bribe Ye Tianfan? Impossible!”
Cao Jianyu, before coming to the imperial capital to pay homage, had already conspired with Ye Weiqiang to secretly gather troops. Without military power at hand, who would dare openly oppose Muya Jiushu’s ascension to the throne in the imperial capital?
This time, Ye Weiqiang said he had bribed the imperial capital’s Ministry of National Defense. Someone would deactivate the radar shielding function, allowing over a hundred submerged vessels to approach successfully.
Cao Jianyu himself had also prepared over a hundred submarine vessels for backup support to force the six elders to abandon the idea of letting Muya Jiushu ascend the throne. But how could the over one hundred submarine vessels above suddenly become traitorous, obeying Mo Yinhe’s command?
The cold, dominating young CEO issued a second order to the holographic screen: “Release the fireworks.”
The next instant, over a hundred submarine vessels simultaneously launched fireworks.
The fireworks at the bottom of the sea were not the kind that people set off on land. They were a kind of “fireworks jellyfish.”
There is a type of jellyfish in the deep sea, with bright purple tentacles, a light blue bell-shaped cap, and an orange dispersed body. When gathered together in large numbers in the sea, from a distance, they look like fireworks blooming in the deep sea, so beautiful they capture the eye.
This type of fireworks jellyfish is not abundant, hence they are expensive, typically purchased only for major events in underwater cities.
Unexpectedly, at Mo Yinhe’s command, tens of thousands of fireworks jellyfish were launched, putting on the most dazzling and beautiful spectacle in the sky above the underwater city, utterly mesmerizing.
###Chapter 940: Chapter 940: Those Who Oppose Me Shall Perish!
Above the imperial city, the originally terrified crowd, upon seeing this scene, were all dumbfounded and then exclaimed.
“What’s going on, isn’t the imperial city about to face a disastrous calamity? Why did the style suddenly become so romantic? Ah, it’s so beautiful, I haven’t seen such a grand scene in many years, it’s so beautiful that my heart is intoxicated.”
“Ah! I was ready to buy a ticket to escape in a submarine, and now you play this romantic trick on me, how am I supposed to run? I need an explanation, wasn’t it said that the queen was indiscriminately killing innocents, leading to the dukes of Calleteya attacking in anger?”
“Oh my gosh, I can’t bear to blink, so many fireworks jellyfish, so magnificent! I want to get married! If someone proposes to me in this setting, I’ll marry them immediately, my heart is intoxicated!”
“…”
Mo Yinhe put away the holographic screen, and looked amused at Cao Jianyu whose face had turned pale: “How is it, do you like it? Anything else you want to see, tell me, I’ll satisfy everything for you.”
Cao Jianyu, who was originally adept at inciting the public, but now… was simply spooked!
Not understanding the situation, where would Cao Jianyu dare to act boldly?
He now felt a deep unease in his heart.
Geshu Tang, who originally had his brows tightly knitted, his expression eased: “Yin, what exactly is going on?”
Yin Xiaohua finished the snacks and said in a milky voice, “Brother Tang, you didn’t manage your own people, you even let Geshu Yuan bribe the defense department to shut down the radar detection system, luckily someone notified Mo the Pig, and then, Mo the Pig of course had to surround the imperial city, so he deployed the Hell’s Shore, annihilating the rebels before they could reach the imperial city, and you didn’t even know, how are you going to protect our Megastar Corporation’s employees’ safety in the imperial city?”
As soon as these words came out, before Geshu Tang could say anything, Cao Jianyu already felt like his heart had turned to ash, tremblingly asking: “What about… the rebels?”
“Of course, they were annihilated by Mo the Pig.”
Yin Xiaohua’s milky voice, talking about this bloody and brutal matter, seemed as if she was just playing a game, which was rather adorable.
But everyone present felt a chill at their spines, secretly frightened.
King found that Mo Yinhe, this little demon king, was looking at him with a smirk, and suddenly felt his legs go weak and cold sweat on his back. What had he just said? He said he wanted to hand over Mo Yinhe?
Thinking back now, it was simply a stupid joke.noveldrama
The hundreds of submerged vessels above were the Hell’s Shore!
That was a force in the hands of Mo Yinhe that could annihilate nations, he foolishly followed Cao Jianyu without understanding the situation and foolishly made a fuss.
Yin Xiaohua hadn’t finished speaking yet, looking at Cao Jianyu’s pale face: “Oh, there’s another thing, the reserve forces sent by your country were also annihilated by Mo the Pig.”
Cao Jianyu staggered drastically, what, when did this happen, and he didn’t even know?
Mo Yinhe sneered at Cao Jianyu: “Mother, what are you waiting for, such treacherous usurpers who won’t bow to you, should be executed on the spot. Your coronation ceremony, needs the blood of traitors to pave your way.”
At this moment, Ye Xingguang was still pointing a gun at Cao Jianyu’s forehead, she never lowered the gun.
Geshu Tang upon hearing this, exclaimed in a low voice, “Little Nine, you mustn’t…”
With Geshu Tang’s words, Ye Xingguang directly pulled the trigger, and “bang”, the bullet went straight through the brow of Cao Jianyu!
[Author’s note: Updating ends for today, will continue tomorrow, seeking monthly tickets, seeking monthly tickets, seeking monthly tickets]
###Chapter 941: Chapter 941 The Queen is Mighty!
Seeing Cao Jianyu fall at her word, Ye Xingguang swept her gaze around and said, “In my presence, there is no can or cannot, only those who follow me will prosper, and those who oppose me will perish. Treachery will not be forgiven! Prepare the media, I am going to address the nation and reassure the people.”
After speaking, she handed the pistol back to Mo Yinhe, and in front of everyone’s eyes, she confidently led Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua away.
Twenty minutes later, the cameras of the Empire Media were trained on her as Ye Xingguang sat in the dignified queen’s office. Three microphones were placed on her desk with Ye Xingguang sitting behind the desk, delivering a live speech.
“Citizens of the Empire, hello, I am Muya Jiushu.”
“Recently, it was discovered that Ye Weiqiang, the King of the Carlitaya Principality, and Cao Jianyu, the King of the Diata Principality, colluded with each other in an attempt to plot a coup. Cao Jianyu has been executed on the spot, and Ye Weiqiang has been detained with serious injuries…”
“The major credit for the elimination of the rebels goes to the Chairman and President of the Galaxy Corporation, Mo Yinhe. Considering that not all the remnants of the rebels have been captured, I hereby announce that the imperial capital is entering a state of wartime, the ports are closed, and the airspace above the capital is temporarily protected by the submarine fleet. I ask the citizens of the imperial capital not to panic, life within the city continues as normal. The lockdown will last until three days after the coronation ceremony…”
“I, Muya Jiushu, hereby promise that I will share life and death with the citizens of the capital and protect the lives and property of all citizens within the capital from infringement…”
After the ten-minute live speech, Ye Xingguang stood up and bowed towards the camera.
The previously bewildered citizens of the imperial capital, having seen Ye Xingguang’s television address and subsequent reports by the Empire Media, quickly understood the whole situation.
It turned out that the Kings of the two principalities, Ye Weiqiang and Cao Jianyu, were dissatisfied with the queen’s ascension to the throne. Thus, they secretly assembled submarine warships intending to attack the capital. Fortunately, Her Highness the Queen discovered their conspiracy in time. While sending the Empire’s First Marshal to suppress the rebels in Carlitaya Principality, she also ambushed Ye Tianfan’s fleet outside the capital. After annihilating Ye Tianfan’s fleet, over a hundred monitored vessels returned to the sky above the capital, securing the safety of the citizens and preventing attacks from the remnants of the rebels… At the same time, the Queen held a banquet in the palace and set up a trap for Ye Weiqiang and Cao Jianyu, capturing both rebel ringleaders in one fell swoop, thereby quickly quelling the rebellion.
After learning the news, the citizens of the Empire felt a surge of exhilaration, making such comments as, “The Queen is mighty and powerful!”
Ye Xingguang had returned to her sleeping quarters, bathed Yin Xiaohua, dried her little body with a towel, wrapped her in a bathrobe, and then carried the little one to her children’s bed to dress her in small pajamas.
Yin Xiaohua, wearing cute cartoon pajamas, said, “Pretty auntie, Mo Big Pig didn’t take a bath either, will you give Mo Big Pig a bath?”noveldrama
“Of course,” Ye Xingguang dressed her prettily.
“No need,” Mo Yinhe promptly refused.
Then, carrying his own pajamas, he coolly entered the bathroom to bathe himself.
“Pretty auntie, Mo Big Pig and I will protect you.”
“Thank you, little Xiaohua.”
Yin Xiaohua, well-behaved like a little white rabbit, smelling sweetly of milk, wearing her little pajamas as she crawled into bed, lying on her small pillow with eager eyes fixed on Ye Xingguang, eyes twinkling like stars: “Pretty auntie, I want to hear a bedtime story.”
Staring into little Xiaohua’s large, grape-like eyes, Ye Xingguang’s heart melted like cotton candy, and she softly spoke, “What story do you want to hear?”
“Any story is fine.”
Ye Xingguang thought for a bit, then sat on the edge of the bed and said, “How about I tell you a story about a mermaid?”
“Okay,” came the soft and sweet reply.
###Chapter 942: Chapter 942: He Shouldn’t Have Climbed into Yin Xiaohua’s Bed
Then, little hands holding the edge of the blanket, she adopted a serious posture for listening to the story, melting hearts into a gooey mess. One couldn’t help but fantasize, that soon, her and the big troublemaker’s baby must be a girl, wow! Really too cute!
However, when the cool and cute Mo Yinhe came out of the bathroom after his bath, Ye Xingguang got greedy again, thinking if it was a boy like little Mo, she wouldn’t mind having a boy at all. What to do, she’s too greedy!
After his bath, Mo Yinhe also climbed into bed.
Ye Xingguang had prepared two small beds in the children’s room, but little Mo stubbornly pulled back Yin Xiaohua’s blanket and then climbed in too, clearly intent on sleeping in the same bed with Yin Xiaohua.
“Uh, little Mo, that bed over there is yours.”
“Pretty Auntie, Mo and I always sleep in the same bed.”
Is that so, seems like she hadn’t done her homework well.
“Pretty Auntie, afterwards, did the Little Mermaid find her prince?” Yin Xiaohua curiously asked.
Ye Xingguang then continued the bedtime story: “Of course she found him. The Little Mermaid not only found her prince, but she also lived happily ever after with him, having two cute babies, a brother and a sister, the boy baby looking like little Mo, and the girl baby looking like little Xiaohua…”
Damn, what is she saying?
Her characters in this bedtime story were herself and the big troublemaker, they were planning on having a baby, but still didn’t know whether it would be a boy or a girl!
Yin Xiaohua had gotten into the story, turned her head excitedly to Mo Yinhe and said: “Mo Pig, I might be the baby of the mermaid and the prince, and you might be too, because Pretty Auntie said the Little Mermaid and the prince had two cute babies, one like you and one like me.”
A ripple passed through the calm surface of Mo Yinhe’s eyes, his little face stern as he said: “It’s just a story.”
“Oh…” Yin Xiaohua’s voice was filled with disappointment.
Why did everyone else have mommies and daddies, and she had to come out of a rock crack?
With the surge of disappointment, Yin Xiaohua’s eyelids gradually closed, her little hands tightly hugging Mo Yinhe’s small neck, her chubby little face against Mo Pig, drifting off to sleep shortly after…
Mo Yinhe seemed quite disdainful, and once she was asleep, he prised open her hands that were tightly hugging his neck.
But Yin Xiaohua, seemingly used to hugging, even while asleep, swiftly reached out her little hands again, hugging Mo Yinhe’s neck tightly, irritating Mo Yinhe so much that he huffed loudly, pulling the blanket abruptly, looking helplessly resigned.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang sat by the bed, silently laughing, “Little Yin, are you guys really not siblings?”
She remembered that as a child, she also liked to sleep by hugging her older brother’s arm. Those beautiful childhood memories, she almost forgot them if it weren’t for these two little ones.
“Maybe probably not.” Mo Yinhe grumbled, fiddling with his hair, he shouldn’t have climbed into Yin Xiaohua’s bed, self-inflicted, it’s unbearable, surely she will kick him out of the bed in the middle of the night again.
Before turning out the lights and leaving, Ye Xingguang ruffled Mo Yinhe’s cool little hair: “Sleep early, little guy, thank you for today. My husband is coming to the capital tomorrow, I’ll introduce you guys.”
###Chapter 943: Chapter 943: This is Simply the Grandson of My Dreams
At this moment, Fu Zhuo was reporting to Lord Ye about a battlefield in the underwater world where no gunsmoke was seen.
Fu Zhuo described the process with dramatic ups and downs, and Lord Ye’s heart fluctuated greatly as the story unfolded.
His little mermaid was cornered, with over a hundred submarine fleets pressing above her head, ready to blow her into fish paste at any moment, and he wasn’t even by her side—he deserved to die!
Only then did Fu Zhuo reveal the twist: “Guess what, Lord Ye? Those hundred-plus submarines weren’t there to force a coup but belonged to Mo Yinhe’s fleet from the Galaxy Group! The crisis was resolved so quickly that everyone was stunned at the time. I really admire that kid. Lord Ye, did you and Little Starlight secretly have a little devil behind everyone’s back?”
Lord Ye’s brows furrowed slightly, and through the holographic screen, he wished he could strangle Fu Zhuo for not revealing spoilers about this political upheaval in advance to let him know the ending!
With a voice suppressing irritation, Lord Ye asked, “What’s the situation over there now?”
“It’s all under control thanks to Little Starlight! With over a hundred submarines and warships in the sky, who would dare to disobey?”
The more Fu Zhuo thought, the more he felt that Mo Yinhe of Galaxy Group was imposing, “Lord Ye, that Mo Yinhe really looks exactly like you when you were a child. Swear to me, you haven’t secretly fathered an illegitimate child behind your brothers’ backs, have you?”
What answered him was Lord Ye directly cutting off the video!
Fu Zhuo privately felt it was a pity—if only that impressive youngster turned out to be his grand-nephew!
Feeling unresolved, Fu Zhuo thought for a moment, and sent a photo of Mo Yinhe to the family group chat.noveldrama
The group chat immediately exploded. It was the photo of Mo Yinhe pointing a gun at Cao Jianyu in the grand hall, secretly taken by him.
Ji Qishu: “@Fu Zhuo, when did Lord Ye take this photo, why don’t I have any memory of it?”
Fu Zhuo: “This is not Lord Ye, this is a kid I met in the underwater world named Mo Yinhe.”
Ji Qishu: “Who are you kidding, this is clearly Lord Ye. I still have photos of Lord Ye as a child at home, how could I not recognize him?”
Fu Zhuo directly screenshotted the official introduction of Mo Yinhe from the underwater world and sent it to the family group.
Ji Qishu: “!!!! A five-year-old underwater tycoon? Who are you kidding? Well made-up story.”
Fu Zhuo: “@Ji Qishu, get lost. @Ye Shiting @Tang Xiao @…, everyone take a look, doesn’t this kid look like Lord Ye’s illegitimate son? Really, the first time I saw this kid I felt like he’s a spitting image of Lord Ye.”
Fu Zhuo tagged a bunch of people, wanting them to weigh in—perhaps some might even know when Lord Ye had been secretly fathered. Instead of blowing up his brothers, he ended up blowing up godmother Bai Peiluan.
Bai Peiluan’s hands trembled as she typed excitedly: “Ah, Fu Zhuo, what’s going on! Ah, why does this kid look so much like my son? I dreamt two nights ago that my daughter-in-law had given birth to two babies for my son, and this is exactly like the grandson in my dreams!”
Ji Qishu: “Godmother, don’t get too excited too early. This child looks five or six years old, but think about it, Little Starlight is only so old, she couldn’t possibly have borne Lord Ye such an old son, unless, this child was fathered by another woman stealing Lord Ye’s seed.”
What?
The more Bai Peiluan looked at the photo, the more she felt Ji Qishu made sense. She even got up, still in pajamas, to confront her son—if this just-engaged son already had an illegitimate child, wouldn’t it cause a huge uproar among his sisters?
###Chapter 944: Chapter 944 I Swear!
Ye Junqing cut off Fu Zhuo’s communication and went to take a shower. Just after showering and pushing open the door, stepping out of the bathroom, he saw his own mother, with a stern face, sitting on a chair in his bedroom, looking very intimidating.
“Mom, why aren’t you sleeping in the middle of the night? Why are you sitting here?”noveldrama
Bai Peiluan held up the phone and questioned her son: “You have the nerve to ask? I’m asking you, what’s the deal with this child?”
“What child…” Ye Junqing’s nonchalant voice stopped abruptly after he glanced over the cell phone screen.
Bai Peiluan was frantic: “You still have the nerve to ask what child? I’m asking if this child was fathered by you? Did you actually father an illegitimate child behind your father’s and my back? Junqing, Junqing, can’t you use your brain a bit? Don’t you understand how much the scandal of an illegitimate child could damage our family’s reputation?”
Even though Bai Peiluan herself was an illegitimate daughter, she was still extremely averse to someone secretly having an illegitimate child with her son!
Ye Junqing: “…”
Having seen her son’s shocked and astonished expression as the details were revealed, Bai Peiluan was enraged: Why are you putting on this act?
Bai Peiluan pressed her hand emphatically on her son’s arm: “Also, tomorrow you are supposed to marry Ye Xingguang from Undersea World. If Xingguang finds out you have an illegitimate child, will she still marry you? You wretched boy, you’re really driving me mad.”
Ye Junqing felt a twitch at the corner of his eye; trouble really does come from the heavens!
“Mom, don’t just listen to rumors. Does that child look like my offspring?”,
“What part doesn’t resemble? Tell me, what part doesn’t look alike? You looked just like this when you were young, could your mother remember it wrong? Give it to me straight, what exactly is going on? Who is this child’s mother?”
Ye Junqing’s expression turned dark: “This really isn’t my progeny!”
But Bai Peiluan had already brought the family photo album, flipping it open to her son’s childhood photos: “Deny it further, keep denying it, if you continue to deny it I’ll call your dad over to break your legs!”
Ye Junqing squinted at his childhood pictures in the album, then at the child on the phone screen, feeling utterly speechless!
“Mom, there are many people in the world who look alike. Just because this child resembles me when I was young, you can’t just accuse me of being irresponsible. Before Ye Xingguang came into my life, I never touched a woman!”
“Really?” Bai Peiluan was skeptical yet asked bluntly right in front of Ye Junqing: “Do you swear that you’ve been a virgin up until you met my darling daughter-in-law?”
Ye Xingguang felt completely exasperated, not wanting to discuss this issue with his mother, but since she insisted on an answer, he could only grimly and through clenched teeth respond: “Yes! Are you satisfied now?”
Bai Peiluan was incredulous, staring at her son, now twenty-seven years old: “Son, did you have some kind of issue before?”
Ye Junqing: “!!!”
If only the person standing in front of him wasn’t his own mother!!!
Bai Peiluan sighed in relief but still harbored a sliver of doubt: “Swear to me again, this child is absolutely not your offspring?”
“I swear, it’s not!”
Originally, he planned to swear, ‘Absolutely not, otherwise may I face obstacles in the future!’
But somehow, the word got stuck as he spoke, Ye Junqing hesitated, knowing that his curse might actually come true, and he glanced again at the photo on the phone screen, wondering why even he felt a tinge of softness in his heart.
###Chapter 945: Chapter 945: My Queen is About to Move into the Palace!
The next day, Ye Xingguang set off for the Underwater Empire.
If it weren’t for the strict schedule of the submarines dispatched by the Underwater Empire, the only transport means to get there, he would have set off earlier. While sitting in the submarine, the first thing that came to his mind was that he must buy a submarine capable of diving 20,000 meters underwater upon his return.
Ji Qishu and Mo Fei were also accompanying him this time.
Ji Qishu, having heard from Tang Zhou about how fun the underwater world was, insisted on coming along to experience it, even if it meant rolling on the ground and acting cute.
Mo Fei was personally selected by Ye Xingguang. Mo Fei is the CEO of the mercenary group under Ye’s company, which prefers to be known as a private security company rather than mercenaries due to its corporate experience.
As the CEO of a private security company, Mo Fei commands 30,000 mercenaries, mainly handling the security for big shots and sometimes being hired by foreign governments to participate in military operations, occasionally outperforming actual armies.
Considering the current instability in the Underwater Empire’s politics, Ye Xingguang had Mo Fei select a thousand mercenaries to serve as bodyguards for the trip.
The impressive entourage followed him aboard the empire’s submarine, heading towards the mysterious empire 20,000 meters below the sea.
As the submarine was about to arrive, one could see the mysterious underwater city through the submarine’s windows, with more than a hundred military submarines and warships ready in formation – what a sight!noveldrama
At that very moment, in the Underwater Empire Queen’s office, Ye Xingguang’s face was incredibly sullen: “What did you say? My husband is here, and I’m not allowed to greet him personally? How does that make any sense?”
“Under the empire’s wedding traditions, you cannot meet your future queen before the wedding. Isn’t this custom, Xiaojiujiu, exactly what landed you your ideal man? What harm is there in not seeing him for one day?”
“Not seeing him for one day could cause me to die of longing! Don’t you know lovesickness is the hardest illness to cure in this world?”
This is utterly unreasonable! She even suspected that these ridiculous customs were made up on the spot by the interim federal government to fool people!
“I don’t care. Today, my queen will move into the palace!” exclaimed Ye Xingguang, face stern.
Geshu Tang flatly rejected her: “There has never been a precedent in the empire for a queen to enter the palace before marriage.”
“When Li Yu came to propose, didn’t you all hasten to arrange his stay in the palace, asking me to dine with him, to keep him company on outings left and right? Don’t be too obvious with your double standards!”
Why was it okay for Brother Yu but not for her beloved poison?
“The situations are different and incomparable. Until you ascend the throne, the future queen of the empire must remain outside as a bride-to-be. Considering Ye Xingguang has no property in the capital, we will arrange a special mansion for him…”
Before Geshu Tang could finish speaking, the door of the Queen’s office was suddenly pushed open from the outside, and a man in a black coat strode in with a commanding presence.
Ye Xingguang, who was about to continue arguing with Geshu Tang and the other elders, suddenly had eyes that shone like infinite stars.
Uh… my beloved poison…
Ye Xingguang blinked hard to ensure she wasn’t seeing things and immediately rose from her throne, sprinting toward the disheveled man, her voice filled with unexpected joy: “Husband, how did you get here?”
Ye Xingguang wrapped an arm around her, giving her an unabashed kiss, then looked up with a cold smile at Geshu Tang: “To inform you, from this moment on, we shall be inseparable!”
###Chapter 946: Chapter 946: There’s a child who looks so much like you!
This voice seemed to respond to Ye Xingguang, but the words showed complete disregard for the customs mentioned by Geshu Tang.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but laugh heartily, nodding emphatically, and didn’t forget to introduce you to the nobles: “Great Elder Bai Qiuhe, Second Elder Ying Shikang, Third Elder Geshu Tang, Fourth Elder Quan Ji, Fifth Elder Gui Daocheng, Sixth Elder Yen Ziang.”
“Thank you, elders, for arranging the wedding for me and Xingguang.” With a generous gesture, he shook hands with each of them.
When shaking hands with Third Elder, Geshu Tang, Ye Junqing’s eyes were deep: “I especially thank the Third Elder, but I heard when I just came in, according to tradition, we shouldn’t meet before the wedding. This custom will change from this moment on, right? As the saying goes, ‘new king, new rules.’ Stubbornly clinging to old customs isn’t wise. Furthermore, from now on, all my bodyguards will enter the palace. It’s for my personal safety; after all, I’ve heard that the capital has become unsafe.”
Geshu Tang: “Mr. Ye, you’ve brought quite a few bodyguards with you this time.”
“No choice, the amount of people I bring isn’t enough to withstand a torpedo blast; I surely don’t want to lose my life here. I believe the elders can understand my cowardice, can’t you?”
In the tone of someone afraid to die, Ye Junqing nearly made Ye Xingguang die of laughter.
“It might be difficult to make room for so many bodyguards in the palace.”
That was clearly a refusal.
“That’s why I’d like to discuss with the elders, perhaps all the palace guards should be dismissed. After all, guests should be treated hospitably, and be provided a place to sleep. Can we move them outside the palace to guard the walls? You see, my people can’t breathe underwater, so they can only stay in the dry palace to protect me.”
Before any of the elders could speak, Ye Xingguang made the final decision: “Alright, that’s settled.”
Then, she added: “I’m going to arrange accommodation for the future queen. Elders, please excuse me.”
After that, she took Ye Junqing and left the queen’s office, not willing to give the elders a chance to lecture her.
Once she left, Fourth Elder Quan Ji snorted: “Her Majesty the Queen is simply too capricious! And this Ye Junqing, he doesn’t take us seriously at all. I suspect once Her Majesty ascends the throne, the provisional federal government won’t be taken seriously either.”
“Even if NineNine is capricious, the real power of the state is still in the hands of the provisional federal government. Fourth Elder, what are you worried about?”
Fourth Elder Quan Ji: “Easy for you to say. Let me make it clear; the empire should have reformed by now, shifting from an imperial system to a federal system! Once Her Majesty the Queen ascends the throne, it must be put on the agenda!”
After saying that, Fourth Elder Quan Ji left with a sweep of his sleeves!
Ye Xingguang hadn’t gone far, she had sharp ears and overheard Fourth Elder Quan Ji’s words.noveldrama
Hmph, if they want to switch to a federal system, let them. They talk as if she’s so greedy for the power of the underwater empire, but she just wants to be queen for a while and then return to Country A with her husband to live a carefree life.
Along the way, her mood was exceptionally bright, repeatedly asking Ye Junqing while holding onto his arm: “How did you get here?”
“Xiao Yun and Huo Liuli went to the docks to pick me up.”
“That’s Xiao Yun for you, always reliable. Come on, I’ll take you to my sleeping quarters.”
After checking the time, “Ah! Time’s up, I have to go cook for the kids. Did you bring the snacks and the toys for the little ones I asked for? I have to tell you, one of the kids is so much like you! I must introduce you!”
###Chapter 947: Chapter 947: I Am His Dad!
“Are you talking about Mo Yinhe?”
“Yeah, I’ve mentioned him before, the five-year-old CEO of the Yinhe Group. The little guy has a temper just like yours, but he’s so cool, I’m totally smitten by him! When we have babies, I want them to be just like him!”
A bad temper like his?
Smitten by him!
These words slammed into Ye Xingguang’s brain, and instantly, his face turned ugly!
Although Ye Xingguang knew he had a bad temper himself, hearing it from Xiaoyuwei made him feel depressed!
This woman hasn’t presented him with a harem of three thousand, but she’s been charmed by a little kid!
Yet, Ye Xingguang couldn’t get angry, “I heard he’s willing to be your godson for seven days?”
“Yeah!” She felt that seven days were way too short. Oh, how she wanted to kidnap those two little guys and take them home.
Right now, Ji Qishu and Mo Fei had already been brought to Ye Xingguang’s bedroom by Xiao Yun, where Ji Qishu was having a stare-off with Mo Yinhe, the domineering little CEO. Strictly speaking, Ji Qishu was glaring at Mo Yinhe.
Fu Zhuo, standing by the side, said, “Didn’t I tell you? Isn’t he very much like Ye?”
“!!!!”
This isn’t just slightly similar!
“Have you looked enough?” Mo Yinhe, the domineering little CEO, sat on the sofa, his voice both cold and cool.
“Good grief, even the way he talks is exactly like Ye’s menacing moments! If this kid isn’t Ye’s illegitimate child, I’ll live stream myself eating crap!”
After saying this, Ji Qishu crouched in front of Mo Yinhe, “Little darling, who is your mom?”
“Muya Jiushu.” Mo Yinhe casually spat out the four words.
Ji Qishu staggered because he already knew that Xiaoguang had another name in this underwater empire, called Muya Jiushu.
Ji Qishu leaped up, “You mean, you were born by Xiaoguang?”
“Calm down!” Fu Zhuo reminded from the side, “Godmother, just a godmother.”
“Really?”
Ji Qishu’s expression suddenly relaxed, “Then who is your real mom?”
Mo Yinhe, annoyed by the noisy crowd, jumped off the sofa and took small steps intending to walk into the children’s room for some peace.
Wondering if Yin Xiaohua had finished her business, it had been half a day, and she hadn’t called him to wipe her butt yet!
Usually hating to wipe Yin Xiaohua’s butt, Mo Yinhe found himself worrying about it now and couldn’t help but despise himself deeply!
Ji Qishu stopped him, “Little darling, don’t go. Just one more question, just one. Who is your father?”
As soon as his words fell, a resonant voice came from outside the door: “His father is me.”
Upon these words, Ji Qishu was like this: “!!!!”noveldrama
Mo Yinhe who was about to wipe Yin Xiaohua’s butt sympathized: “!!!!”
Following Ye Xingguang’s footsteps was: “!!!!”
And Fu Zhuo had already jumped up: “!!!!”
“Ah… Ah Ye… what did you say?” Ye Xingguang looked bewildered.
Could this little guy really be the big villain’s illegitimate son?
Only Ye Xingguang, unfazed, with his long legs and feet, approached Mo Yinhe, looked down at the suddenly pale-faced Mo Yinhe, and his forceful voice left no room for dispute: “That’s right, I am his father!”
Mo Yinhe’s pupils suddenly constricted, the cool little guy lifting his head, the exquisitely beautiful child glaring at the man who dared to claim to be his dad, his icy gaze seemingly spitting frost, his voice both cold and cool: “You’re courting death!”
[Looking forward to the next update tomorrow, please vote, please vote, please vote]
###Chapter 948: Chapter 948: My Little Heart is Going to Die of Happiness
Just at that moment, a loud voice came from the children’s room: “Mo Piggy, I’ve pooped and it’s smelly.”
Hearing Yin Xiaohua’s call, Mo Yinhe put away his frosty little eyes and walked towards the children’s room, complaining as he went: “You’ve finished, can’t you wipe yourself?”
“But I don’t know how.”
“You don’t know? Can’t you learn?”
“But I have you.”
Sitting on her little potty, Yin Xiaohua swayed her little legs, as if with Mo Piggy around, she had nothing to worry about.
Mo Yinhe huffed and puffed: “Am I in your debt?”
Ye Xingguang stepped past Mo Yinhe, rubbed his little head, and said, “I’ll wipe her butt.”
This little guy was already so small, and yet he had to wipe the butt of the even smaller Xiaohua; what a tough job for this little guy.
Ye Xingguang went into the bathroom, and shortly after, he came out leading little Xiaohua by the hand from the restroom.
Seeing Ye Xingguang and Xiaohua walk out of the children’s room, one tall and one short, Ji Qishu, who was already shocked once, widened his eyes again: “…!!!”
Bloody hell!
What’s with this little girl?
Why does she look like a miniature version of little Xingguang?
“Little Xingguang, is this your daughter?” exclaimed Ji Qishu.
“Ah… no, this is Yin Xiaohua, the CEO of the Giant Star Group.”
Ji Qishu: “!!!”
Ji Qishu: “How can she not be your daughter, she looks too much like you!”
“Mo Piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy~”
Yin Xiaohua saw Ye Monarch Qiang, recognized him instantly, and toddled over to his side. She wrapped her little arms around Ye Monarch Qiang’s long legs and looked up with big, expectant eyes: “Mo Piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy, did you bring me milk?”
After saying that, she fiercely swallowed a mouthful of saliva.
Yin Xiaohua had an excellent memory; a few days ago, in a video, Ye Monarch Qiang promised to bring her milk, and she had been thinking about it ever since.
The moment Yin Xiaohua clasped his leg, Ye Monarch Qiang felt as if he’d been struck by electricity; his whole spine stiffened, and he didn’t know how to react. Staring at Yin Xiaohua’s chubby little face, his heart suddenly seemed to melt into water.
He had seen her once in a video and should have been fully prepared, but the moment Yin Xiaohua threw herself at him and hugged his leg, Ye Monarch Qiang found that he couldn’t resist her. If his body was an impregnable fortress, then at that moment, the fortress had collapsed with a loud crash.
“Brought… brought them.”
“Mwah mwah mwah mwah, Mo Piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy, my little heart is so happy it could die.”noveldrama
No sooner had her voice trailed off than Mo Yinhe tugged her little arm away.
Mo Yinhe was disappointed as if she were ungrateful, this little foodie, willing to give away mwah mwah mwah mwah four flying kisses just for a box of milk.
Ye Monarch Qiang had someone bring over two boxes of yogurt, he opened a box, took out a pack, poked a straw in, and handed it to Yin Xiaohua.
Yin Xiaohua bit the straw and took a couple of hearty gulps, her face writing: Wow! What kind of divine delicacy is this, it tastes so good~~
Ji Qishu stood on the side, clenching his fists and rubbing his hands together, really wanting to hug this adorable little milk bun.
“Little Xingguang, Monarch Qiang, you two must be cheating, these two little ones are obviously sired by you two. I’m going to report, report you for having kids secretly and telling no one. I can’t take it! I really want to hug this fragrant little little Xingguang.”
After saying that, Ji Qishu, like someone snatching a child, suddenly picked up Yin Xiaohua, excitedly asked: “Little darling, call me uncle, call me uncle, and uncle will buy you lots and lots of tasty treats.”
###Chapter 948: Chapter 948: My Little Heart is Going to Die of Happiness
Just at that moment, a loud voice came from the children’s room: “Mo Piggy, I’ve pooped and it’s smelly.”
Hearing Yin Xiaohua’s call, Mo Yinhe put away his frosty little eyes and walked towards the children’s room, complaining as he went: “You’ve finished, can’t you wipe yourself?”
“But I don’t know how.”
“You don’t know? Can’t you learn?”noveldrama
“But I have you.”
Sitting on her little potty, Yin Xiaohua swayed her little legs, as if with Mo Piggy around, she had nothing to worry about.
Mo Yinhe huffed and puffed: “Am I in your debt?”
Ye Xingguang stepped past Mo Yinhe, rubbed his little head, and said, “I’ll wipe her butt.”
This little guy was already so small, and yet he had to wipe the butt of the even smaller Xiaohua; what a tough job for this little guy.
Ye Xingguang went into the bathroom, and shortly after, he came out leading little Xiaohua by the hand from the restroom.
Seeing Ye Xingguang and Xiaohua walk out of the children’s room, one tall and one short, Ji Qishu, who was already shocked once, widened his eyes again: “…!!!”
Bloody hell!
What’s with this little girl?
Why does she look like a miniature version of little Xingguang?
“Little Xingguang, is this your daughter?” exclaimed Ji Qishu.
“Ah… no, this is Yin Xiaohua, the CEO of the Giant Star Group.”
Ji Qishu: “!!!”
Ji Qishu: “How can she not be your daughter, she looks too much like you!”
“Mo Piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy~”
Yin Xiaohua saw Ye Monarch Qiang, recognized him instantly, and toddled over to his side. She wrapped her little arms around Ye Monarch Qiang’s long legs and looked up with big, expectant eyes: “Mo Piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy, did you bring me milk?”
After saying that, she fiercely swallowed a mouthful of saliva.
Yin Xiaohua had an excellent memory; a few days ago, in a video, Ye Monarch Qiang promised to bring her milk, and she had been thinking about it ever since.
The moment Yin Xiaohua clasped his leg, Ye Monarch Qiang felt as if he’d been struck by electricity; his whole spine stiffened, and he didn’t know how to react. Staring at Yin Xiaohua’s chubby little face, his heart suddenly seemed to melt into water.
He had seen her once in a video and should have been fully prepared, but the moment Yin Xiaohua threw herself at him and hugged his leg, Ye Monarch Qiang found that he couldn’t resist her. If his body was an impregnable fortress, then at that moment, the fortress had collapsed with a loud crash.
“Brought… brought them.”
“Mwah mwah mwah mwah, Mo Piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy, my little heart is so happy it could die.”
No sooner had her voice trailed off than Mo Yinhe tugged her little arm away.
Mo Yinhe was disappointed as if she were ungrateful, this little foodie, willing to give away mwah mwah mwah mwah four flying kisses just for a box of milk.
Ye Monarch Qiang had someone bring over two boxes of yogurt, he opened a box, took out a pack, poked a straw in, and handed it to Yin Xiaohua.
Yin Xiaohua bit the straw and took a couple of hearty gulps, her face writing: Wow! What kind of divine delicacy is this, it tastes so good~~
Ji Qishu stood on the side, clenching his fists and rubbing his hands together, really wanting to hug this adorable little milk bun.
“Little Xingguang, Monarch Qiang, you two must be cheating, these two little ones are obviously sired by you two. I’m going to report, report you for having kids secretly and telling no one. I can’t take it! I really want to hug this fragrant little little Xingguang.”
After saying that, Ji Qishu, like someone snatching a child, suddenly picked up Yin Xiaohua, excitedly asked: “Little darling, call me uncle, call me uncle, and uncle will buy you lots and lots of tasty treats.”
###Chapter 949: Chapter 949: Brother Qing, You Really Have No Shame!
“Uncle.” A soft and cute little voice.
“Oh my, I can’t take it!”
Ji Qishu wished he could buy all the candy in the world to give to this sweet little darling.
But as he patted down his pockets, he couldn’t even find a single piece of candy. Isn’t this deceiving a child?
Yin Xiaohua’s hopeful eyes were fixed on Ji Qishu, “Uncle, where’s lots and lots of food?”
“Uh… Little darling, Uncle will buy some for you later.”
Yin Xiaohua bit her pink little lips, with an expression of being deceived: “Uncle, my little heart will break, you know.”
“Good Lord, Chess book, what do I do? I want to have a daughter in the future, but I have absolutely no resistance, how can I cope?”
Now he understood why the guys in the circle loved to show off their daughters on social media. It was said that even President Yanbei would post pictures of his daughter every now and then. He used to look down upon this, but now—
Damn!
He also wanted to post!
Even though the little darling in front of him was not his daughter at all!
Ye Xingguang brought over several more fluffy little toys, and immediately, Yin Xiaohua’s eyes lit up like the brightest stars in the sky. She opened her little hands, almost ready to fling herself into Ye Xingguang’s arms.
“Mo Big Big Big Big Big Pig, I want it, I want it, wow! So pretty, I want…”
Standing by the side, Mo Yinhe looked on with an expressionless face and a contemptuous look at Ye Xingguang.
This man actually learned his secret weapon for pampering Yin Xiaohua, buying fluffy little toys. That’s downright cheating!
“Hua Xiaozhu, where’s your backbone?”
Yin Xiaohua hugged the plush toys that Ye Xingguang handed her, one in the left hand and one in the right, happily as if she was ready to take flight, what backbone? “Mo Big Pig, I think you look like Mo Big Big Big Big Big Pig, you might be Mo Big Big Big Big Big Pig’s baby, oh.”
“That’s right, you two little darlings, you must be secret children Chess book and Little Xingguang had behind everyone’s back, case closed.”
Ji Qishu’s voice was filled with conviction.
Mo Yinhe kept a straight face: “So, are you trying to traffic children?”
Ji Qishu: “…”
It seemed he did indeed want to traffic children, so he felt very guilty.noveldrama
Because he knew that based on their ages, these two little darlings could not possibly be Chess book’s and Little Xingguang’s son and daughter, unless Chess book was a beast who laid hands on a teenage Little Xingguang.
Only Ye Xingguang, who really wanted to traffic children, remained unfazed, reaching out and lifted up the incredibly cool Mo Yinhe, saying with unusual certainty: “It’s not trafficking children, I’m only telling the truth. Aren’t you acknowledging my woman as your mom? So, doesn’t that make me your dad?”
Ji Qishu: “…”
Chess book, you really are shameless!
Ye Xingguang: Huh… so that’s what it means?
That scared me, I thought this little guy was some terrible cancer having kids behind my back.
Mo Yinhe pursed his cool little lips, finding himself unable to refute.
But he still kept a cool and indifferent face, thinking these adults might be suspected of trafficking children!
Of course, he himself had ulterior motives. If Muya Jiushu hadn’t looked like Hua Xiaozhu, he wouldn’t have proposed the arrangement of having Muya Jiushu take care of him and Hua Xiaozhu for seven days.
Mo Yinhe, who wanted to find a mother for Hua Xiaozhu, pressed his lips together and snorted: “You can only be my dad for six days at most!”
If within six days, it’s confirmed that Muya Jiushu is not the mother of Hua Xiaozhu, he will take Hua Xiaozhu and leave.
###Chapter 950: Chapter 950: Men who make women cook themselves are good-for-nothings
Ye Xingguang felt a bit stiff with excitement and immediately rolled up her sleeves to lighten the mood: “Alright, alright, Ah Qing, Brother Ji, Brother Mo, you’ve all come from far away, just wait a bit, I will personally cook, and treat you guys to a big meal at noon.”
Ji Qishu was indeed hungry, and hearing Tang Zhou say that the seafood here included everything you could think of and nothing you couldn’t find, he was quite intrigued.
He loved seafood feasts the most.
Ye Junqing saw her roll up her sleeves: “What are you doing?”
“Prepping for lunch.”
“You’re doing it on your own?”
Ye Xingguang, full of confidence: “Ah Qing, you haven’t yet tried the noodles I cook, have you? They’re super delicious. Yesterday at noon, these two little treasures ate it all up. I have to let you taste my cooking skills and show you that I have the potential to be a good wife and mother.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
Thinking of her blackened cooking, Ye Junqing promptly refused: “I’ll cook instead. What would you all like to eat?”
Ye Junqing was asking Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua.
Yin Xiaohua was drinking yoghurt: “Uncle, anything is fine by me.”
Mo Yinhe: “I’m fine with anything too, but, I want Mommy to cook for me.”
Ye Xingguang felt even more confident: “So that settles it, we will all have noodles for lunch, happy decision made.”
Ji Qishu, who was looking forward to a seafood feast: “…”
What the heck, the queen of a nation is actually inviting her guests to eat noodles? Noodles? He didn’t mishear, right?
Ji Qishu protested: “Little Xingguang, I want a seafood feast!”
“Sure thing, you guys have your seafood feast, and we’ll have noodles.”
Because that’s all she knew how to cook; anything more complicated than that was beyond her.
“You guys help take care of the two kids for a bit, I’ll go cook noodles with Ah Qing in the kitchen, and let the kitchen prepare a seafood feast for you all.” Having said that, she took Ye Junqing’s hand, and they went off to have their couple’s world.
However, not long after she and Ye Junqing arrived in the kitchen, a little one came toddling over after them.
“Eh, my little treasure, why aren’t you playing with the uncles?”
At this term “my little treasure,” Mo Yinhe suddenly froze, as if it took him a moment to react, instinctively wanting to pull a sour face, but for some reason, he did not find it irritating at all.
Eventually, his stretched sour face softened again, and with a disdainful little expression, he said: “So noisy.”
Only Hua Xiaozhu would enjoy being hugged and coddled back and forth; he did not have that kind of enthusiasm…noveldrama
Mo Yinhe made up a good excuse for himself: “I came to supervise you.”
Ye Xingguang picked up Mo Yinhe: “Daddy’s frying steaks for you all, Daddy’s steaks are the tastiest in the world, smell how good they are, though I am also making noodles, look, the water’s boiling already.”
But as the water boiled, Ye Junqing, with a swift movement, put the noodles into the hot water and then covered the pot, not giving Ye Xingguang a chance to get involved, fearing the hot water might splash on her.
Mo Yinhe looked up at Ye Xingguang: “This is you saying, you’ll cook the noodles yourself?”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
She did want to do it herself, but the problem was, her husband wouldn’t let her, this really wasn’t her fault.
While Ye Junqing elegantly cooked the steak, he glanced at Mo Yinhe upon hearing his words: “A man who lets a woman cook is worthless.”
Ye Xingguang held her forehead, oh dear malignant tumor, stop saying that, aren’t you implying little Yin is worthless?
Mo Yinhe’s delicate face was filled with disagreement: “If a woman loves a man, she will cook for him.”
Just yesterday, this woman cooked noodles for him.
Mo Yinhe’s face was filled with boasting he hadn’t realized himself.
###Chapter 951: Chapter 951: Suddenly, the Scene Feels So Warm!
But Ye Junqing’s comment shattered Mo Yinhe’s pride completely, “That line of yours is a classic loser’s quote, aimed to bind a woman’s heart with love so she willingly becomes an ugly wife, get it?”
Mo Yinhe’s delicate, cool, and sculpted face tensed up, and he fell silent, as if he had accepted and thoroughly understood Ye Junqing’s point.
When Mo Yinhe saw Ye Junqing skillfully frying steak, he felt somewhat competitive: “Can you teach me?”
Holding Mo Yinhe, Ye Xingguang: “…”
“My little treasure, you’re just a kid, kids really don’t need to learn this.”
But Ye Junqing said, “Okay.”
Then he took Mo Yinhe from her arms, held him with his right hand and grabbed a spatula with his left, and began to teach seriously.
Mo Yinhe also learned earnestly, this scene…
Standing beside them, Ye Xingguang suddenly felt how heartwarming the picture was!
In the future, when her own flesh and blood son grows to this size, would he also be held and taught cooking in the kitchen like this?
She found herself somewhat looking forward to it…
At this moment, Ji Qishu and Mo Fei were already eating, a grand seafood feast dazzling before their eyes.
While eating, Ji Qishu said, “I was so silly, I worried that Tang Zhou wasn’t eating or sleeping well when he was kidnapped. If only I had known, I would’ve swapped places with Tang Zhou. Why didn’t they kidnap me? Do they look down on me?”
Mo Fei, not being talkative, luckily had Fu Zhuo there: “Me too! We were both too simple-minded!”
Then, Fu Zhuo also ate with great enjoyment.
By the time Ye Junqing returned with the perfectly fried steak and cooked noodles, Ji Qishu was already full, lying on the dining table in a sprawled position, releasing a satisfied burp, devoted to the food before him!
Mo Fei also finished eating, stood up and said, “I’m going to take over the security management of this palace.”
Ye Xingguang pulled out a chair, holding little Yin Xiaohua on her lap, and upon hearing this said, “Big Brother Fu, go find Deputy Han and let Big Brother Mo Fei coordinate with him. It’s great having you guys around, I feel absolutely secure.”
As soon as these words fell, Mo Yinhe and Ye Junqing, both young and old, looked at Ye Xingguang with synchronized disgruntled expressions.
Um… What’s wrong, did she say something incorrect?
Ji Qishu noticed the matching expressions on the big and small figures, This! They looked so alike! How could they not be related, he was almost tempted to take the duo for a paternity test!
Yin Xiaohua raised her little head, “Pretty Auntie, Big Piggy Mo’s little heart is shattered, can’t Big Piggy Mo make you feel absolutely secure? Big Piggy Mo is getting upset!”noveldrama
Um…
So that was it!
Were the same expression on the big terror due to this reason as well?
Ye Xingguang immediately said, “Of course, the greatest security comes from you two, especially my little treasure, the more than a hundred submarines atop your head are indeed the strongest reassurance I could ever have!”
Mo Yinhe, the little bossy president, then bowed his head down gracefully cutting his steak, very satisfied with the answer.
But Ye Junqing, was still waiting for her continuation.
A moment ago, Ye Xingguang who carelessly praised without leaving any room for further flattery for herself: “…”
Suddenly didn’t know what words to use, after all, she had just brought out the strongest reassurance.
Help, I’m out of words, but my husband is still waiting for some sweet talk, seeking sweet words online!
###Chapter 952: Chapter 952: A Neat Family of Four
It’s really not her fault she wasn’t born with a mouth capable of sweet talking. That’s on her parents!
Ye Xingguang leaned in close to a man whose eyes were filled with anticipation and gave him a loud kiss, then, with her face red, she hugged her little pet and said: “Let’s eat, let’s eat.”
Ji Qishu: “!!!”
Oh my gosh!
Why am I still here? Why didn’t I leave with Fu Zhuo and Mo Fei earlier!
Clearly, he and Brother Qing are the closest here, yet he feels like he’s sitting at a dinner table with a family of four, like an extremely conspicuous outsider!
Ye Junqing got an unexpected kiss, his stunning face flashing a barely disguised pleasure, and obediently started to eat.
After cutting the steak into even slices, he pushed the plate in front of him towards Ye Xingguang, then pulled her plate of beef towards himself and continued cutting the steak.
After cutting more slices, he pushed them towards President Mo Yinhe.
Mo Yinhe paused for a moment, then instinctively refused: “No need!”
But Ye Junqing had already moved the beef plate from in front of him to his own place, and kept cutting the steak.
Mo Yinhe, staring at Ye Junqing, who kept on cutting the steak without starting to eat, really didn’t want to accept the favor but surprisingly didn’t feel repulsed.
The feeling of having a temporary dad, doesn’t seem too bad?
Meanwhile.
Fu Zhuo had already found Lieutenant Han, and without caring about Lieutenant Han’s hesitations, Mo Fei directly got the entire palace’s blueprint from him, and then swiftly took over the palace’s security with his thousand mercenaries brought with him.
After Mo Fei finished setting up the defensive security of the palace and returned to Ye Xingguang’s quarters, she had already eaten her fill, fed the two little ones till they were full as well, and was now lying on the sofa digesting, asking Ye Junqing the question she cared most about at the moment.
“Husband, did you bring a bridal gift for when you came to marry me?”
The bridal gift she was talking about wasn’t gold, silver, or jewels, but the formula for the vampire race!
“I did,” but…
Ye Xingguang didn’t wait for him to finish, excitedly saying: “Where is it, where is it, let me see!”
Ye Junqing went to get an antique box given to him by Elder Chen, and Ye Xingguang, unable to wait, opened it, but damn it, a combination lock – it looked quite complex, like one of those puzzle locks; sorry, her intelligence just isn’t enough to crack it.
“How do you open this thing?”
“For now, I haven’t figured it out either.”
So, the big cancer’s intelligence isn’t enough to open it either? Ye Xingguang suddenly regained confidence in her own intelligence!
Really, without a comparison, there’s no confidence!
“Didn’t Elder Chen tell you the correct way to open it?”
Ye Junqing’s dark eyes drifted towards Mo Yinhe, who was playing with a computer at a small table; Elder Chen’s promise to tell him the correct way to open it was on the premise that this little guy became his grandson.
“Elder Chen meant that he would tell me the password only on the day of our grand wedding.” Ye Junqing casually explained.
“This Elder Chen, really knows how to guard against others!”
Ye Xingguang hugged the antique box, continuing to study it; she refused to believe it could only be opened with a password?
Ye Xingguang grabbed a kitchen knife and aimed it at the antique box, trying to split it in two.
With a “bang”, instantaneously, the blade of the knife was warped.
Ye Xingguang, looking at the valiantly sacrificed kitchen knife: “!!!”noveldrama
Even Ji Qishu leaned in to take a look: “Wow, what kind of material is this? Harder than diamond?”
[I’m feeling a bit under the weather with no much energy, and that’s all I managed to write today. Please bear with it. That’s it for today’s update, and I’ll continue tomorrow. Mwah, please vote for monthly tickets, I ask for them once a day.]
###Chapter 953: Chapter 953 The Empire Welcomes a New Queen
Ye Xingguang really wanted to know what material it was made of that caused her to ruin a kitchen knife. She threw away the knife and tried to open the retro box in other ways, but after trying all afternoon, she ended up in failure. Oh well, she could always wait a few more days.
But after falling asleep at night, Ye Xingguang kept tossing and turning in bed, wondering what exactly was the combination to the retro box?
Seeing her unable to sleep and contemplating, then Ye Junqing honestly told her.
“What? Old man Chen wants Mo Yinhe to be his grandson, and only if you officially adopt Mo Yinhe as your godson will he tell you the combination? But Mo Yinhe only agreed to be my temporary son for seven days, and two days have already passed.”
Ye Junqing wrapped his arms around her and stroked her soft hair: “Try to win over that child in these next few days.”
Ye Xingguang felt a sense of urgency in her heart. Was she and the big cancer going to become child traffickers who kidnapped other people’s children?
But unexpectedly, she then heard Ye Junqing’s voice filled with regret: “Leng Chenmo told me some time ago that he was reborn as well, and in his memories, it wasn’t the case that our love couldn’t continue. Instead, we had a happy marriage and had a son and a daughter.”
His tone sounded as if he was joking about something trivial, but it was filled with envy.
Envious of the happy marriage and the son and daughter he had in Leng Chenmo’s story.
If they really had a son and a daughter, would they look like Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua?
Ye Xingguang almost bounced off the bed: “Really? I knew it! You’re so handsome, I was mesmerized by you the first time I saw you. Even though you sent over a lawyer and I thought you were absolutely detestable to the extreme, didn’t I still get charmed by you and go home with you? How could you possibly not win me over in seven years?”
Ye Junqing looked down at her intently, “I don’t have this memory in my head.”
“That just means the memories are all made up by you! And they’re terribly made up at that!”
Anyway, she would never admit she was a heartbreaker.
She preferred the version told by Brother Leng. Closing her eyes, she couldn’t help but picture the looks of a son and a daughter, and as she thought, the faces of Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua unconsciously appeared in her mind. Oh no, now she was almost dying to claim the two little ones for herself.noveldrama
…
In the following days, Ye Xingguang spent her time on her three treasures, one called Mo Yinhe, another called Yin Xiaohua. And you ask who the third treasure is?
Of course, it was her darling husband!
If it weren’t for the fact that little treasures Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua had to go to work, she would want to spend every single one of the 24 hours of the day with them!
Of course, the coronation ceremony was just around the corner, and she also made time to prepare for the coronation!
Damn it, as the coronation was approaching, the more nervous she felt in her heart, she even dreamed of making a fool of herself at the coronation!
Several days later, on the first of January, the empire welcomed its new queen.
Early in the morning, Ye Xingguang was surrounded by the makeup team, bustling about. Once her makeup was done, she looked like an upgraded version of Empress Zhen Huan.
Ye Xingguang stared at the bright red lipstick on her lips in the mirror: “!!!”
Where was the sweet and charming version of herself?
What was with this seemingly darkened version of herself in the mirror?
She wasn’t Empress Zhen Huan!
After the makeup was done, she felt embarrassed to even step out of the makeup room. She carried a very powerful queenly aura, wearing a regal black queen’s gown edged with bright yellow, her neck adorned with the diamond of misfortune, and a black diamond ring on her ring finger, looking luxurious and grand everywhere, she was about to be mesmerized by the darkened Empress Zhen Huan in the mirror!
###Chapter 954: Chapter 954 I Disagree!
Following procedure, she needed to take her queen to the temple to offer sacrifices in the morning. After the ritual was complete, she would issue the coronation edict, then return to the palace, ascend the queen’s throne, and thereafter, receive the homage of various vassal states.
That was the daytime coronation ceremony; in the evening, it would be her marriage ceremony with the male queen consort. In short, she would be busy from morning until night!
Fortunately, no matter how busy she was, from dawn to dusk, Ye Xingguang was always by her side, so she didn’t feel too much psychological pressure. With his company, she felt particularly grounded and at ease.
At eight in the morning, a grand procession set out toward the imperial temple.
The imperial temple was a sacred and inviolable place, usually closed to the public except during major sacrificial events. Even the noble youths from the six great families could not enter the temple at will, but today the doors were wide open.
Ye Xingguang emerged from a shark model submarine, her slim legs transforming into a beautiful mermaid tail.noveldrama
Ye Junqing also came out of the submarine, holding his breath as he swam by her side. Accompanied by the six great elders and a host of imperial government officials, the two entered the imperial temple.
Fearing that Ye Junqing would be uncomfortable holding his breath, Ye Xingguang swam swiftly, passing through a waterproof membrane into the waterless temple. Her splendid mermaid tail reverted back into legs, she slipped on the shoes that Ye Junqing had brought for her, and then slowed her pace.
The imperial temple was ancient and solemn, with a statue of a mermaid inside, that being the ocean deity worshipped by the empire’s citizens, put on the same pedestal as Jesus and Siddhartha Gautama.
Ye Junqing’s gaze shifted from the ocean deity to the murals on the hall’s inner walls.
Colorful and religious in its artistic expression, the high walls were adorned with murals depicting the ocean deity, illustrating the deity’s activities and protection over humanity, almost like art that soothed the soul.
For some reason, as Ye Junqing accompanied Ye Xingguang in attending the sacrificial ceremonies and admiring those murals, he couldn’t help but feel they resembled the fanciful doodles of a child.
Because there were so many murals and he didn’t have the time to appreciate them in detail, he quickly glanced over them, roughly grasping some of the content.
For instance: the ocean deity fell in love with a man and lived happily ever after with him.
For instance: the ocean deity had the power to turn the tide, to make time flow backward, freeing people from their suffering and ushering in rebirth;
For instance: the ocean deity had a blue tail, that splendid blue nearly identical to the color of Little Mermaid’s tail;
For example: …
As he continued to admire the murals, even Ye Junqing began to suspect that his Little Mermaid might be the reincarnation of the ocean deity!
After all, Little Mermaid’s tail was so similar to that of the ocean deity depicted in the murals;
After all, Little Mermaid could produce ‘Regret Medicine’, essentially rolling back time to free people from their suffering and usher in a new life;
The ritual was sacred and solemn, lasting a full hour before concluding.
Finally, the group ascended to the top terrace of the temple, where Great Elder Bai Qiuhe presided over the ceremony and proclaimed the coronation edict, informing all citizens of the underwater world.
Underwater journalists and media recorded the entire process of the queen’s sacrificial coronation.
Only to hear Great Elder Bai Qiuhe declare, “The state has stabilized, the mandate of heaven bestowed, urging ascension to the great throne, to solidify the nation’s foundation. Humbly appealing to the sacred gaze, to reinforce the state structure, to uphold constitutional monarchy. Respectfully crowning Her Royal Highness Muya Jiushu as the Queen of Atlantis, bestower of the utmost sovereignty over the realm, venerated as the Emperor, to establish the apex of authority, to be passed down for eternity…”
However, just at that moment, a discordant voice suddenly rang out: “I disagree!”
###Chapter 955: Chapter 955: Let’s Unite to Boycott Her!
Seven or eight venerable elders of the empire swam over, passed through the waterproof barrier, and stopped on the high platform of the solemn and sacred temple, abruptly interrupting the proclamation ceremony that was being held.
The reporters from the imperial media couldn’t help but turn their cameras toward those few venerable elders.
Wow, the identities of these few elders are not simple; they are all brothers or sisters of former emperors. If it weren’t for the empire’s rule against succession by a younger sibling, and if it weren’t for the stipulation that only the children of a king could inherit the throne, each of them could have vied for it.
“I disagree!” Geshu Yuan repeated again, as she arrived late, arm-in-arm with another venerable elder.
Standing beside her, Geshu Tang frowned deeply and walked over to Geshu Yuan, scolding her fiercely: “Geshu Yuan, what are you doing?”
“Nothing, I just want the citizens of the empire to know that Muya Jiushu is not a god of the sea, and as the Muya Jiushu who has slain all the former Prince’s children, this murderer, she is not fit to be our empire’s queen!”
As Geshu Yuan spoke, she walked over to Ye Xingguang and said arrogantly, “All your talk of divine mandate, I have thoroughly investigated; you are nothing but a man-made mermaid from the land-based Country A! You were brought to the empire by Bai Xiao at a young age, and the former emperor did not know your true identity, believing you were the reincarnation of the sea god and that you were the sacred residence given to the imperial citizens by the sea god, and that’s why he publicly announced his adoption of you as his foster daughter and granted you the right of succession. If the former emperor knew that you were actually a man-made mermaid from Country A, would he still have done so?”
As soon as these words came out, all the high-ranking government officials participating in the sacrificial ceremony couldn’t help whispering and discussing among themselves: “What, a man-made mermaid, just like Country A’s national treasure Xia Yanyan, they are all experimental products?”
Hearing the murmur, Geshu Yuan loudly said: “Yes, just like Country A’s national treasure, Xia Yanyan, who recently wanted to come to the empire to show off her power, they are both experimental products created by scientists from Country A. I have already investigated; Muya Jiushu is actually Xia Yanyan’s sister, Xia Qiongqiong, who was abandoned by her parents sixteen years ago and ended up in our Atlantis Empire. She is not the god of the sea at all! She is just an affront to the sea god by the scientists of Country A, she is not fit to be the new queen of our Atlantis Empire!”
“Geshu Yuan, shut your mouth!” Geshu Tang scolded loudly.
How could Geshu Yuan possibly shut her mouth? She would absolutely not allow the Third Princess and Geshu Chen to have died in vain; she must avenge them!
Otherwise, the spirits of the Third Princess and Geshu Chen, seeing the arch-villain who killed them eventually ascend the throne, would surely be so angry that they would roll over in their graves!
Muya Jiushu was too arrogant, she even killed Cao Jianyu, Cao Jianyu was the former emperor’s cousin. Muya Jiushu dared to kill Cao Jianyu, this has already caused panic among the former emperor’s siblings, and now, the relatives of the former emperor have all fallen into panic and want to unite to resist her!noveldrama
Emboldened, Geshu Yuan directly questioned the camera: “Citizens of the empire, do you really want to worship a man-made mermaid as a sea god? If so, tomorrow, I will organize a group of scientists to create thousands of mermaids, and will they all then become the sea gods of the empire? Is the hallowed and inviolable sea god in our hearts so cheaply regarded?”
While speaking, Geshu Yuan raised her hand high: “Let us unite to resist the man-made mermaid, to be the most sacred and inviolable deity in our hearts. If we do not stand up today, the sea god will surely bring down punishment upon us!”
###Chapter 956: Chapter 956: Can She Reverse Time?
The imperial capital along with the thirteen vassal states, many people were watching the live broadcast of the empire’s news coverage of the queen’s coronation ceremony, the most grandiose event in the empire. Geshu Yuan’s words, through the lens of the empire’s media, spread to the ears of every citizen of the empire.
Aside from those citizens who hoped to obtain the vampire recipe to alleviate the symptoms of vampire disease, many other healthy citizens supported Muya Jiushu’s ascension to the throne because the provisional federal government had been propagating that Muya Jiushu is the reincarnation of the Sea God.
Faith, sustained their devout anticipation for Muya Jiushu to ascend the throne as emperor, but at this moment, what Geshu Yuan exploited was the people’s faith!
“People of the empire, hesitate no longer, please look at the venerable elders beside me, who are they? Today, they all stand together, to prevent the fabrication of mermaids from destroying the eternal enterprise of the empire. If even they are standing up, what are you waiting for? Do you want to wait until the Sea God truly brings disaster upon us, just like a long time ago, when a flood swallowed the entire empire and our ancestors perished in the deluge?”
Such words were extremely inflammatory. Instantly, those healthy citizens watching the queen’s coronation ceremony all became cautious and careful, each expressing their own opinions in the comments section of the live broadcast platform:
“I’ve never really seen Muya Jiushu. I only know that the previous emperor took her as his adopted daughter, recognizing her as the reincarnation of the Sea God. The provisional federal government also always advertised her as the Sea God, but if Muya Jiushu really is a fabricated mermaid, then she is definitely not the Sea God!”
“Protest! We must not allow a fabricated mermaid to impersonate the reincarnation of the Sea God and become the deity in our hearts! A fabricated mermaid has no right to become the queen of the empire!”
“Even the venerable elders of the imperial royal family stand up in opposition, there must be a reason for opposition. I too oppose, the empire can no longer withstand any more great disasters!”
“…”
Geshu Yuan twirled the communication ring in her hand, enlarging the holographic screen to the size of a movie theater screen!
Then, she opened up the live video of the queen’s coronation ceremony, pointing to the frenzied comments scrolling across from the citizens.
“Look, look at the voice of the people, the public is protesting, the public refuses to let a fabricated mermaid desecrate the true Sea God!”
“Citizens of the imperial capital, if you also oppose the ascent of a fabricated mermaid to the throne, please step out of your homes, swim above the temple, join me in protesting against Muya Jiushu ascending the throne! Please join me in defending the Sea God, sacred and inviolable!”
As Geshu Yuan’s voice faded, a great many citizens swam up, rising above the buildings of the imperial capital, looking towards the temple as if in support of Geshu Yuan, refusing to let a fabricated mermaid profane their Sea God.
Seeing so many people supporting her, Geshu Yuan immediately felt a surge of confidence, full of conviction.
She wondered how today’s coronation ceremony would continue under these circumstances!
The Night Monarch, with dangerously squinted eyes, stared at Geshu Yuan stirring up the rebellion, and sneered, “What evidence do you have to prove that my woman is not the reincarnation of the Sea God?”
Geshu Yuan looked at the Night Monarch, this male empress consort was really handsome, but no matter how handsome, he was still from Muya Jiushu’s camp!noveldrama
Suddenly, she sneered, “What ability does Muya Jiushu have to prove that she’s the empire’s Sea God? Does she have the power like the Sea God to turn the tide, to reverse time, to let those in suffering be freed from distress and greet a new life?”
[Anying: Today’s update ends here, continue updating tomorrow, please vote for the monthly ticket, seek monthly ticket.]
###Chapter 957: Chapter 957: What Do I Have to Fear?
Ye Xingguang, who had remained silent all along, smiled and said, “What if I can?”
Geshu Yuan was taken aback for a moment, then burst into loud laughter: “Muya Jiushu, aren’t you afraid of bragging boastfully? If you can, I will kneel down now and call you ‘Your Majesty the Queen.'”
Since Muya Jiushu couldn’t possibly have that ability, Geshu Yuan felt no pressure when he spoke about kneeling.
“Then you better remember your own words, and don’t forget to kneel down and call me ‘Your Majesty the Queen’ later,” Ye Xingguang said with an especially confident and arrogant smile.
Geshu Yuan was equally full of boundless arrogance: “I, Geshu Yuan, swear to all the imperial citizens watching the live broadcast, I will definitely keep my promise. But what about you, Muya Jiushu? If you cannot prove that you have the power to turn the tide, to reverse time, to free people from their suffering and bring them a new life, then get out of the empire and return to your land. Do you dare?”
“Why wouldn’t I dare?”
She might hesitate with other tasks, but this was her forte.
She still had two Regret Medicines on hand that hadn’t been sold, which could be used today to shut Geshu Yuan up and make him submit!
Geshu Yuan sneered, “Alright, then do it now. Reverse the heavens, turn back time, and bring back to life Geshu Chen, the elder I respect the most whom you killed ten years ago. If you can do that, I’ll believe you are the reincarnation of the ocean deity!”
Listening to him, Ye Xingguang found it amusing: “How beautiful you think! As the deity of the ocean, I only free those who are in suffering from their difficulties. As a murderer, Geshu Chen executed so many princes, what qualification does he have to be brought back to life?”
Having said that, she couldn’t be bothered with Geshu Yuan anymore, and turned her attention to the cameras of the imperial media, saying, “As the deity of the ocean, I will only help those in suffering. People of the Imperial City, if any of you have something you greatly regret involving family, friendship, love… something that torments both your heart and mind, you can now swim up above the temple and tell me, and I will help you escape your suffering.”
After speaking, she added, “Today there is also the important coronation ceremony to be held, so due to limited time, I will only choose one citizen to relieve you of your suffering. Starting now, you have five minutes to get here.”
Not to mention Geshu Yuan’s disbelief in her abilities, even the six great elders didn’t believe she was capable.
The Third Elder, Geshu Tang, stood by, shaking his head, suggesting she not overextend herself.noveldrama
The Great Elder, Bai Qiuhe, standing aside with a frown, worried that Ye Xingguang’s grand words would become embarrassing when she couldn’t follow through later.
The interim federal government was very eager for Ye Xingguang to be enthroned and did not wish for any mistakes to occur halfway through.
But Ye Xingguang ignored the glances from the elders, walked back to Lord Ye Qing, took his hand, looked up, and smiled at him, noting how particularly handsome he was dressed today.
Great Elder Bai Qiuhe said, “The Sacred Tree has already recognized Muya Jiushu as the queen of the empire. Are you telling me you don’t even trust the Sacred Tree? The timings for today’s coronation ceremony have all been arranged, if there’s a delay…”
Geshu Yuan scoffed lightly: “Uncle Bai, it’s just five minutes, can’t we even wait that long?”
Great Elder Bai Qiuhe glared fiercely at Third Elder, Geshu Tang, “The younger generation of your family really is something!”
Geshu Tang was equally furious. The problem now wasn’t Geshu Yuan, but the fact that Jiushu had killed Cao Jianyu, causing panic among the royal family. The esteemed royals who came with Geshu Yuan today were the real trouble. If Jiushu couldn’t change the circumstances, there was no way she would be able to be coronated as Emperor today!
###Chapter 958: Chapter 958: Your Highness the Queen, Please Help Me
Time ticked by, and two minutes later, the citizens of the empire surfaced from beneath the city, only to be stopped outside the temple’s waterproof layer by the imperial soldiers, preventing her from getting any closer.
The person who came was a young girl who looked weary beyond her years, holding a baby who was still nursing in her arms, eliciting an involuntary compassion from onlookers.
Ye Xingguang waved her hand, signaling the soldiers to let the girl holding the baby come over.
After the soldiers relaxed, the girl walked through the waterproof membrane and knelt before Ye Xingguang with a thud, her voice filled with despair, “Your Highness the Queen, if you truly possess the ability to reverse time, please help me.”
Seeing the wailing baby in the girl’s arms, Ye Xingguang felt a surge of tenderness, walked over, and helped her up, “Stand up before we talk.”
After the girl, with her wailing baby, stood up, Ye Xingguang gently asked her, “Tell me, what happened to you?”
The girl’s name was Su Jiayu, who had encountered a scoundrel from another princely state trying to make his fortune in the capital. When the scoundrel started pursuing her, he was extremely attentive—always picking her up after work, bringing her flowers, and buying all sorts of snacks. Her friends and colleagues were extremely envious of her, and she, under the barrage of his affection, felt she had found true love and was immensely happy.
Later, during a trip with the scoundrel to another princely state, he had arranged for a candlelit dinner in a couples suite at the hotel one evening; they enjoyed the dinner and had quite a bit to drink.
Su Jiayu got drunk, and the next morning when she woke up, the scoundrel was lying beside her, wishing her good morning.noveldrama
Su Jiayu realized that, having gotten drunk last night, it was only logical that they had ended up sleeping together.
Since it was her boyfriend and since they were in love, Su Jiayu didn’t feel there was anything wrong with what happened. After the trip, she even brought him home to meet her parents.
Two months later, Su Jiayu found out she was pregnant, and the two smoothly went on to have a shotgun wedding.
Five months into the pregnancy, Su Jiayu and the scoundrel held their wedding.
Su Jiayu’s family was quite well-off, and she was an only child.
After the wedding, Su Jiayu’s father intended to groom his son-in-law, promoting him within the company—after all, the family business would ultimately be left to Su Jiayu, and having her husband support her was not a bad idea.
When Su Jiayu was seven months pregnant, her father suddenly passed away from a heart attack, leaving her to inherit his legacy and take over the company. But as she was pregnant, she certainly couldn’t manage the company; the son-in-law smoothly took over, stepping into his late father-in-law’s shoes.
After ten months of pregnancy, Su Jiayu gave birth to a son. Despite her father’s death being unbearable, life didn’t seem too bad for her—God was still kind to her, and she was supposed to have a very happy life ahead.
However, everything changed within a week of her giving birth.
The scoundrel claimed that the baby didn’t look like him and demanded a paternity test.
The results of the paternity test shockingly revealed that the child wasn’t his!
In an instant, Su Jiayu was thrown into the furnace of moral scrutiny!
The scoundrel demanded a divorce and insisted that Su Jiayu leave without a single asset, arguing that she had cheated first, and the child wasn’t his!
Su Jiayu’s family still had her grandfather, who held even larger assets than her father. Originally, he intended for Su Jiayu to inherit the family business, but her infidelity scandal in the capital had tarnished the family’s reputation so severely that the grandfather disinherited her, planning to leave the family fortune to her cousin instead. Because of this, her mother also harbored intense disappointment…
###Chapter 959: Chapter 959: Let Her Change Her Own Fate
Now, not only did she face the crisis of being stripped of all her possessions, but she also lost her right to inherit from her grandfather. Life presented an unprecedented crisis, and she was still in her postpartum period, yet no one’s confinement was more distressing than hers.
Su Jiayu looked up, her heart filled with resentment: “Your Highness, the Queen, please help me. Before giving birth, I only had one intimate encounter, and that was with my husband on the night of our trip. How could my child not be his? I now seriously suspect that my husband has plotted against me, perhaps my cousin had a hand in it too! I want to turn back time to see what really happened on the night I got drunk at the hotel. I need to know who the father of my child is; I need to know the truth!”
Ye Xingguang looked at Su Jiayu, who had hit rock bottom: “Are you sure that before giving birth, you only had one intimate encounter?”
Su Jiayu nodded vigorously, her eyes misty with tears: “I am sure. I am conservative and had never planned to be with a man before marriage. That encounter happened because I was drunk. After that, my husband never touched me again. I had planned to wait until after we were married… Two months later, I found out I was pregnant and never had any relations again, but the paternity test results showed the child is not my husband’s. I have no way to defend myself now. If the child is truly not my husband’s, then the only explanation is that the man I was with that night, when I was drunk, was not my husband at all. I want to know the truth.”
Geshu Yuan stood aside, arms folded across his chest: “Muya Jiushu, aren’t you the one claimed to be able to turn the tide and reverse time? If you can, let her go back to the night she got drunk and let her find out what really happened, to change her fate!”
Ye Xingguang pondered and then called out: “Gui Baili.”
Geshu Yuan burst into laughter: “Muya Jiushu, what use is calling Gui Baili now? Gui Baili might be good at warfare,
but he has no ability to turn back time. Or do you want Gui Baili to help investigate who took advantage of Miss Su that night?”
Ye Xingguang simply couldn’t be bothered with Geshu Yuan. When Gui Baili stepped out from the entourage, she walked over and whispered something to Gui Baili.
Gui Baili nodded: “At your command, Your Highness.”
After that, Gui Baili left.
Ye Xingguang comforted Su Jiayu: “Calm down, I’ll help you. We’ll reverse time so you can return to that moment.”noveldrama
“Really… really?”
Su Jiayu couldn’t believe it, her eyes of despair couldn’t help but raise a glimmer of hope.
Ye Xingguang pulled Su Jiayu aside, whispered in her ear the method to use the regret medicine, and finally gave a serious reminder: “Remember, the time I can reverse for you is just one hour. Within that hour, you must find a way to save yourself.”
She had two regret medicines and did not carry them on her person. Instead, they were placed in the makeup box in her palace bedroom. She had sent Gui Baili to fetch them.
Among her entourage, she only trusted Gui Baili. Xiao Yun, Ji Qishu, and others could not withstand the undersea pressure and stayed in the palace with a pressure reduction system; they had not come with her. Only her family’s poisonous tumor could withstand the undersea pressure, and she wondered if it was because he was a vampire…
She now believed that a long time ago, a great flood had engulfed the Atlantis Empire, turning this ancient civilization into an underwater nation at the bottom of the sea, twenty thousand meters deep. Most people had perished, but only the vampire race had adapted to the underwater environment and survived this event…
###Chapter 960: Chapter 960: The Sense of Ceremony is a Must!noveldrama
Soon, Gui Baili hurried back and handed over a queenly scepter to Ye Xingguang while secretly slipping a small, exquisitely crafted velvet box to him; then, he bowed and retreated.
Geshu Yuan had been impatiently waiting: “Muya Jiushu, didn’t you say you have a way to reverse time? What’s the point in this pretentious delay? If you’re capable, let the entire empire’s public see how you’re going to help Miss Su!”
For this, she specifically addressed the empire’s media camera, and once again elaborately explained Su Jiayu’s situation to the pre-broadcast audience.
“Alright, citizens of the empire, now let us all eagerly anticipate to see how Muya Jiushu will reverse time, how Miss Su will discover who the real father of the child in her arms is, let’s wait and see. However, I hope that the citizens of the empire, like me, stay level-headed and not hold out too much hope for Muya Jiushu. After all, she’s just a man-made mermaid, not a reincarnation of the Sea God and certainly not endowed with the Sea God’s power to save the masses!”
At this very moment, Su Jiayu’s husband was also watching the live broadcast!
Su Jiayu’s husband was named Qin Jianjian.
Qin Jianjian sat in the CEO’s office of his father-in-law’s company, fixating on Su Jiayu on the holographic screen, his eyes filled with gloom!
This woman actually dared to go before Her Highness the Queen and publicly denounce him as scum in front of the whole empire!
Before, everyone knew he was the victim; he was cuckolded, raising another man’s son, but at this moment, the live broadcast’s bullet comments were all cursing him as scum!
Qin Jianjian clenched his fists tightly; he would not allow his image to be tarnished further!
As long as Her Highness the Queen had no real power to turn back time, he would make Su Jiayu regret it!
Atop the high platform of the Empire’s Divine Temple, Ye Xingguang did not immediately hand over the regret pill to Su Jiayu but instead took up the queenly aura and said to Su Jiayu, “Follow me!”
When others tried to follow, they were stopped by Ye Xingguang’s command: “Stay back!”
Ye Xingguang swam through the waterproof membrane, her beautiful blue tail moving through the water until she reached the top of the Divine Temple, beside the statue of the Goddess of the Sea. She pressed the scepter onto the pedestal of the statue and stood there herself.
Su Jiayu was the only one to follow Ye Xingguang, swimming up to the front of the Goddess statue!
The empire’s media did not want to miss any footage, so they stretched out their cameras to record the scene from afar.
Ye Xingguang, peerlessly alone, looked down over the entire city, dramatically raised the scepter in a ceremonial gesture, and then closed her eyes and chanted silently.
There had to be a sense of ritual!
Others didn’t know what she was silently chanting; perhaps it was the language of the divine abode.
Geshu Yuan sneered: Pretentious nonsense!
Only Ye Xingguang knew what she was reciting: “Big tumor, I love you, I love you, sara hei, ebishiri yebadi, yadai ma, qianruan kun, milu jite, mingnala kasitan xi nuowa…”
After enigmatically finishing a spell, Ye Xingguang solemnly told Su Jiayu, “Kneel down.”
Once Su Jiayu knelt down with her child and prayed devoutly, Ye Xingguang placed the scepter on Su Jiayu’s head and exclaimed: “Ocean’s blessing, reverse time, end my believer’s suffering.”
After speaking, she took advantage of the moment Su Jiayu opened her mouth to pop a regret pill into it.
Then, going through the motions, she patted Su Jiayu’s head: “Go, end your suffering, as long as you earnestly await, I will surely protect you, letting you embrace rebirth.”
###Chapter 961: Chapter 961 This is Definitely Not a Dream
Su Jiayu closed her eyes. She remembered Her Majesty just now telling her, you must be devout, you must maintain a heart of awe towards the Ocean Deity, you must focus all your attention on recalling that very moment you most want to return to, you must not harbor any slightest doubt about Her Majesty…
Trapped in a desperate situation, Su Jiayu dared not hesitate at all, her eyes tightly shut, she prayed devoutly and recalled intently.
Thinking and thinking, she opened her eyes again, and found herself no longer on top of the temple but inside a romantic suite of a hotel.
Flowers, fine wine, candlelight, and the passionate man pursuing her, Qin, gradually…
She found herself sitting at a table, with seafood delicacies ordered by Qin spread out on it.
Qin raised his glass to her: “Jiayu, let’s toast.”
Seeing that Su Jiayu was somewhat dazed, Qin gently asked her, “Jiayu, what’s on your mind?”
Confronted by the unusual gentleness of Qin addressing her, Su Jiayu blankly asked, “Where is this?”
“A hotel, why, don’t you feel well?”
“No.” Su Jiayu put a hand under the table and pinched her thigh hard, it hurt a lot; she gasped from the pain, so this was definitely not a dream. Did Her Majesty truly reverse time, allowing her to return to this moment?
She remembered that she had only had one drink but got drunk.
“Come on, a toast,” Qin lifted his wine glass.
Su Jiayu stared at the wine glass in front of her, picked it up, indecisive. Perhaps, it wasn’t that she couldn’t hold her liquor, but rather that there was something wrong with this drink, otherwise how could she have gotten drunk from just one drink?
Having already seen Qin’s false, sinister faces behind his back, now observing Qin’s gentle smile made Su Jiayu feel nauseous. She suppressed the urge to vomit, raised her glass, and said, “Cheers.”
Then, she took a small sip, held it in her mouth, and did not swallow.
Afterwards, while bending to pick up her shoes, she spat the red wine all over her dress.noveldrama
Several times after, she used various methods to spit out the wine she had taken into her mouth.
At this moment, Qin, having no guard up against her, spoke gently, told jokes, whispered the sweetest nothings, all exactly as she had remembered.
She remembered Qin inviting her to dance, and as they danced, she started to feel dizzy…
Now, Qin stood up again, put on some soothing music, intending to invite her to dance.
However, Su Jiayu did not want to dance with him anymore, found an excuse, and said while rubbing her head, “Qin, I feel a bit dizzy…”
“Did you drink too much?” Qin walked towards her.
Su Jiayu shook her head, “I don’t know, I’m going to splash some water on my face in the restroom, wait for me.”
After speaking, she staggered towards the restroom, then shortly after, cried out “Ah.”
Qin entered: “What’s wrong, baby?”
Su Jiayu pointed at her beautiful fairy-like dress: “I got water all over it.”
In reality, it was the wine she got on the dress, afraid that Qin would notice, she simply went to the restroom to wash her dress.
Qin hugged her from behind, gently laughing: “Baby, it’s okay, we are in the room anyway, what does it matter if the dress is wet, just take it off…”
Having said that, he turned her around and leaned in to capture her lips.
###Chapter 962: Chapter 962: So That’s the Truth
Su Jiayu did not push Qin Jianjian away, obediently pretending to be dizzy. As she feigned dizziness, she was carried by Qin Jianjian to a hotel bed strewn with roses, where she quickly acted as though she were out of her senses.
She had to know what exactly had transpired when she became unconscious from drunkenness, which ultimately led to the child she bore not being Qin Jianjian’s. She must discern the truth.
But with only one hour to do so, Su Jiayu did not want to delay. She’d probably already wasted twenty minutes, leaving her with forty. She had to make haste, showing Qin Jianjian that she was thoroughly inebriated.
Su Jiayu frantically tugged at her own clothes, embodying the look of someone drunk and disoriented: “So hot, so hot…”
At that moment, the Qin Jianjian who was upon her suddenly rose from the bed, called her name several times, but receiving no response from the intoxicated Su Jiayu, he eventually withdrew his enthusiasm, dressed, and walked out.
Lying on the bed pretending to be drunk, Su Jiayu stared at the empty ceiling.
After waiting a while and making sure that Qin Jianjian had not returned, she immediately operated the communication ring on her hand, opened the memo application, and began to record all the misfortunes that would befall her in the future to let her past self understand what would happen in the coming year.
She was wed out of obligation due to pregnancy, her father died of a heart attack, Qin Jianjian took over her father’s company with ease, the child she bore after ten months wasn’t Qin Jianjian’s son after all, Qin Jianjian wanted a divorce, leaving her with nothing, and her grandfather, disappointed with her, decided to hand over the family legacy to her cousin…
All of this, she dictated and recorded.
Just as she finished recording, she heard the sound of the door opening again. Su Jiayu promptly shut off her communication ring and continued to lie on the bed feigning drunkenness.
With her eyes blurred from feigned intoxication, she foolishly stared at Qin Jianjian, who had come back through the door.
Qin Jianjian wasn’t alone; behind him followed a sloppily dressed beggar, drenched all over…
When Qin Jianjian noticed Su Jiayu watching him, guilt flashed across his face, and he called out her name, “Jiayu?”
Afraid that Qin Jianjian might sense her sobriety, Su Jiayu cracked a silly smile, pointing at Qin Jianjian and the beggar in front of her: “Hehe, two Jianjians, I love you so, I want both Jianjians…”noveldrama
Huuuh~~
Qin Jianjian breathed a sigh of relief, then said to the beggar, “Tonight, she’s all yours.”
The beggar seemed incredulous: “Bro, are you serious? Isn’t this like committing a crime?”
Qin Jianjian snorted with contempt, “This is my girlfriend, who has been fooling around behind my back with other men, putting several cuckolds on my head. As a man, how can I tolerate such things? Tonight, I must teach her a lesson.”
The beggar expressed his sympathy: “She looks like a pretty woman, who would’ve thought she’s trashy? Brother, don’t worry, I’ll take good care of her for you. Just remember to transfer the agreed amount to my account.”
“Don’t worry, you will not be shortchanged. I will come back tomorrow morning.”
After speaking, Qin Jianjian left.
Su Jiayu’s mind exploded, never anticipating that the night she once thought was beautiful was actually spent with this beggar? And the child she bore was his?
She had never been unfaithful to Qin Jianjian with other men, she had never cuckolded Qin Jianjian. Why, why would he do this to her?
###Chapter 963: Chapter 963: Self-Rescue
After Qin gradually closed the door, Su Jiayu faced the beggar alone, coldness creeping up her back. She jumped off the bed, grabbed the wineglass from the table, smashed it with a bang, and pointed the broken stem at the beggar: “Don’t come any closer, or I’ll end it all with you right here!”
The beggar clearly did not expect her to react this way, rubbing his hands together, he said: “So you were pretending to be drunk. Beautiful women are always so crafty. No wonder your boyfriend treats you that way.”
“How he treats me is none of your business, but if you dare touch me tonight, I will show you what happens when you mess with me, unless you kill me! Let me tell you, I am the granddaughter of the Chairman of Sweet Friends Group!”
“The granddaughter of the Chairman of Sweet Friends Group? Ha, I might as well be the father of the Chairman of Galaxy Group!”
The beggar didn’t believe a word Su Jiayu said.
In a panic, Su Jiayu caressed the communicator ring in her hand, pulled up a hologram of herself with her grandfather and another with her family, and also found her grandfather’s official photo, glaring at the beggar: “Take a good look with your dog eyes!”
The beggar paused, looking at the photos on the holographic screen, and was completely taken aback to find that she indeed was the heiress of a wealthy family.
Even if the beggar was greedy, he didn’t dare to mess with an heiress. He knew his limits, even if barefooted ones aren’t afraid of those with shoes.
“Mi…Miss Su, I failed to recognize someone as important as you. I’ll… I’ll leave right now. The person who bothered you wasn’t me, it was your boyfriend. You’ve got the right person to settle scores with, so don’t come after me!”
With that, the beggar turned tail and ran.
“Wait a second.” Su Jiayu called out to him.
The beggar looked back: “Miss Su, it’s really none of my business.”
How could it not be his business?
If it hadn’t been for the Queen’s directive to turn back time, she would have been violated by this beggar by now, later giving birth to the beggar’s son and condemned by everyone, even her own mother criticizing her for being promiscuous and bringing upon a mess of troubles.noveldrama
But now was not the time to deal with the beggar. She must have her revenge!
“Stay in the room. You can leave only after I come back tomorrow morning, and don’t reveal a thing about tonight’s events to anyone, not even to Qin gradually. If you comply, I will reward you with more than what Qin gradually has paid you. If not, I’ll make sure you won’t have a grave to be buried in!”
After intimidating the beggar, Su Jiayu strode out of the guestroom.
According to her memory, a big event was going to take place tonight at this hotel. Her once-secret crush, Gu Mingyuan, the successor of Mingyu Group, was staying at this hotel and was conned by a business partner.
The business partner sent a woman to his room after he checked in, taking advantage of the fact that Gu Mingyuan had drunk too much. The woman climbed into his bed and quietly left before dawn.
Ten months later, which coincided with her giving birth in the hospital, the woman showed up at the Gu’s Family holding a newborn baby.
Gu Mingyuan’s grandfather and her own were old family friends and had always wanted to match her with Gu Mingyuan. Therefore, because she got pregnant with Qin’s child, her grandfather had always been dissatisfied with her.
She knew that Gu Mingyuan also had some feelings for her. Gu Mingyuan came to her wedding with Qin and told her with a smile: “It’s a pity that in this lifetime, I can only watch you marry someone else in a wedding dress.”
So why not help Gu Mingyuan out and have him help her in return?
Using her memory, she hurriedly made her way to the room where Gu Mingyuan was staying.
Just as she found it, she saw a woman using a keycard obtained from the business partner to open Gu Mingyuan’s door.
Su Jiayu followed her into the room, and facing the woman who intended to take advantage of the situation, she said one word: “Out!”
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, we will continue tomorrow, please vote for us with the monthly ticket, we need your monthly votes~~~]
###Chapter 964: Chapter 964: Could She Really Be the Reincarnation of the Sea God?
The woman sent by the business partner eyed Su Jiayu: “Who are you to come take the job? What gives you the right to tell me to get lost?”
“I am his fiancée!” Su Jiayu blurted out, her tone was surprisingly forceful.
The opportunistic woman sized her up, saw the annoyance on her face, took it as the truth, and, feeling uneasy, huffed and left swaying her hips.
After the woman left, Su Jiayu immediately locked the guest room door and looked at Gu Mingyuan, who was lying on the bed, clearly a bit tipsy.
It was at this very moment that Su Jiayu suddenly felt the world spinning around her…noveldrama
An hour, has the time arrived?
…
Above the temple, Ye Xingguang was still pressing the scepter on Su Jiayu’s head, solemn and mysterious.
Unable to restrain herself, Geshu Yuan broke through the waterproof membrane and swam up, chuckling, “Muya Jiushu, stop with the obscure tricks…”
Before she could finish speaking, Su Jiayu along with the child in her arms disappeared right in front of Ye Xingguang!
Yes, disappeared!
Geshu Yuan was momentarily stunned: “What happened? Where did they go?”
Many people swimming above the city witnessed this scene, how did Su Jiayu and the child in her arms vanish?
The empire’s media was broadcasting live with their cameras focused above, so the citizens watching behind also witnessed this scene. Where did they go? Did time really reverse?
Because both those swimming above the city and the citizens behind the live broadcast cameras had witnessed Su Jiayu praying for Her Highness the Queen to save her from her misery, they were all participants, thus everyone retained this memory. They did not lose their memories due to Su Jiayu altering her past.
Geshu Yuan roared, “Muya Jiushu, where did you take Miss Su?”
Ye Xingguang, from her high position, looked down at Geshu Yuan with a cold laugh, “I allowed time to go backwards, sending Su Jiayu back to the past, altering her fate. Now, she should have escaped from her misery, right?”
However, Ye Xingguang didn’t speak with much confidence.
After all, she only gave Su Jiayu one chance to go back, but that didn’t mean Su Jiayu could actually change her fate.
The most crucial part depended on Su Jiayu herself.
“Impossible!” Geshu Yuan was in disbelief!
But Ye Xingguang, in full view of the public, really made a person, along with a child, disappear out of thin air, which was shocking to everyone!
Could it be that she truly is the reincarnation of the God of the Sea?
Ye Xingguang swam down from the temple, passing through the waterproof membrane, and returned to the high platform of the temple, standing with her hands behind her back, exuding an overwhelming presence: “Believe it or not, go find Su Jiayu and ask her to know!”
“Impossible!” Geshu Yuan’s voice was very shrill: “Go find Su Jiayu! Everyone, go find Su Jiayu!”
At this very moment, after feeling dizzy, Su Jiayu suddenly opened her eyes.
After opening her eyes, she found herself in her own bedroom at home, with a quietly sleeping baby in her arms. She stared at the baby’s face and was certain that this face was not her baby’s.
What happened, was her baby switched with someone else’s?
Then, a surge of new memories flooded into her mind.
According to the new memories, she knew she had gotten Gu Mingyuan.
It was almost dawn when she returned from Gu Mingyuan’s guest room to her own, and the beggar seemed to still be there.
When Qin gradually came back, she pretended to be asleep. Qin gradually, thinking the beggar had been with her, gave the beggar money and sent him away. After that, Qin gradually lay down next to her, even placing her arm over her neck.
That man is really disgusting!
###Chapter 965: Chapter 965: This Child is Not Qin Jianjian’s
Fortunately, she had already seen through Qin Jianjian’s true colors; she just never exposed him.
She called an early end to the trip and returned to the capital afterward.
Two months later, she found out she was pregnant. Qin Jianjian proposed, saying the child couldn’t be without a father.noveldrama
In the past, she would have happily agreed, but this time, she didn’t accept. Instead, she told Qin Jianjian that his family background was still not good enough for her, and she hoped he would work hard to be worthy for her family to accept him.
Although Qin Jianjian was resentful, he still pursued her relentlessly, taking tender and thoughtful care of her throughout her pregnancy.
The her from the past knew from the notes left in the communication ring’s memo that her father would suddenly die from a heart attack five months into her pregnancy, so she always paid close attention to her father’s health.
She told her father that she had a dream about him dying suddenly of a heart attack, so she insisted on taking him for a health checkup every month.
Her father, thinking of her as a pregnant woman prone to anxiety, cooperated every time.
The doctor said her father was very healthy and had no history of heart disease, the chances of a sudden heart attack were very slim.
But she still didn’t dare to be careless, paying attention to her father’s health every day; her pregnancy reached five months, six months, seven months… and her father did not die of a sudden heart attack.
It seemed that there was more to her father’s previous sudden death from a heart attack!
As she was thinking, the door creaked open, and a long-absent man pushed the door and entered.
Su Jiayu looked up, and tears instantly welled up in her eyes: “Dad?”
Su’s father approached the bedside. Seeing tears rolling from his daughter’s eyes, he hurriedly asked, “What’s wrong, my daughter? Why the tears? You absolutely can’t cry during your confinement. Is it the wound? Is it hurting again?”
“No, it’s not that, Dad. Is it really you? Am I not dreaming?”
Su Jiayu clutched her father’s hand to her cheek, unable to control the flow of tears; it must be the Princess, the Princess has ended her suffering, the Princess is the ocean god!
“Dad, it’s great that you’re here. Don’t ever leave me again, okay?”
“Silly child, what nonsense are you talking about? Are you upset because you got pregnant before marriage and people are talking? Don’t worry, with Dad here, no one dares to gossip. But what are you thinking, really? You’ve even had the child and still don’t want to marry Jianjian?”
Su’s father was somewhat puzzled by his daughter.
“What a pity; the person valued by your grandfather was the child from the Gu’s Family, but you ended up pregnant with Qin Jianjian’s flesh and blood. However, with Dad here, even if Qin Jianjian’s family background is inferior to ours, I will still nurture him well; the kid does have ambition.”
Qin Jianjian, huh…
Su Jiayu said nothing. Based on her new memories, until now Qin Jianjian still showed a gentle and doting facade, tending to her hand and foot because she had given birth. He was even more eager to show in front of her parents that he wanted to get married legally.
Thinking what?
He’s dreaming!
Is he thinking that after marrying her, he can kill her father, seize her family inheritance, and then request a paternity test, claiming the child isn’t hers, accuse her of infidelity, and force her to leave with nothing?
Thinking of all the grievances she had suffered, Su Jiayu bit her lower lip with hatred in her heart, “Dad, this child… isn’t Qin Jianjian’s.”
###Chapter 966: Chapter 966: Her Majesty the Queen is the God of the Ocean!
Su Jiayu bowed her head, affectionately looking at the quietly sleeping baby in her arms. This baby was different from her previous one, surely because this baby was Gu Mingyuan’s, and not a beggar’s. How wonderful…
“What did you say?” Su’s father was startled.
With her father present, she felt reassured and told the truth: “Dad, this child is Gu Mingyuan’s.”
At that moment, Su Jiayu’s mother also walked in, seeing her husband sitting at the bedside talking to their daughter, she too was taken aback. Then, new memories also formed in Su Jiayu’s mother’s mind.
Because when Su Jiayu went to the temple to find Her Highness the Queen, she was watching the live broadcast on TV, and she was also a participant.
Seeing her husband, Su’s mother covered her mouth in disbelief, tears immediately rolling down her face: “Old…husband, you’re back? Are you really back? Did Her Highness the Queen bring you back?”
“What brought me back?” Su’s father was bewildered by the mother and daughter.
Su’s mother said, “You—you…you died suddenly of a heart attack several months ago, it was Jiayu who sought help from Her Highness the Queen, who reversed the universe, made time flow backward, bringing you back to us. Her Highness the Queen really is the Ocean God who relieves suffering.”
Tears continued to flow from Su’s mother’s eyes. Even though Su’s father couldn’t understand what nonsense she was talking about, Su’s mother still expressed her gratitude.
Then, Su’s mother asked her daughter: “Jiayu, whose child is it really… Did you find out?”
Su Jiayu nodded and informed her mother of the situation.
Su’s mother’s face turned livid with anger: “What, Qin gradually found a beggar to defile you, so that you would bear a child who has no blood relation with him, this venomous snake, this child…”
Su’s mother was filled with disgust.
“Mom, this isn’t that beggar’s, Her Highness the Queen allowed me to go back to the past, how could I possibly let a beggar defile me, this child is Gu Mingyuan’s, when I think about that night, Gu Mingyuan was taken advantage of by a woman, and just a few days ago a woman came to Gu Mingyuan with a child, asking him to take responsibility, so I… chased that woman away, and then…”
“Mom, look, this child, is not the original child, he looks different.”
Su’s mother hadn’t looked closely before, now looking at the sleeping infant in her daughter’s arms: “It does indeed look different.”noveldrama
Su’s mother cried tears of joy: “That’s wonderful!”
Wiping away tears, Su’s mother said: “Let’s go, we need to find Her Highness the Queen, she’s currently being forced from power, our whole family was saved by Her Highness; we must tell everyone the truth, Her Highness the Queen is the Ocean God!”
Su Jiayu nodded, holding her child and said: “I’m going now.”
The Su family of four suddenly appeared in the sky above the city, moving to the high platform of the temple, where Geshu Yuan was still clamoring in disbelief.
But Su Jiayu directly held her daughter, and together with her mother, knelt down and kowtowed to Ye Xingguang.
That gratitude was heartfelt and sincere.
Geshu Yuan, upon seeing Su Jiayu, questioned: “Miss Su, where had you just been?”
Su Jiayu looked up, not responding to Geshu Yuan’s question, but with sincere gratitude said: “Your Highness, thank you for reversing the universe, for making time flow backward, allowing me to return to the past and see clearly everything Qin gradually did to me. Without you, my father wouldn’t have returned and I couldn’t have ended my suffering. Thank you, thank you for saving me, for saving my father…”
###Chapter 967: Chapter 967: She is the God of the Sea; I must support her!noveldrama
Ye Xingguang saw a middle-aged man with a bewildered expression standing next to Su Jiayu: “Is this gentleman your father?”
Su Jiayu nodded: “If it weren’t for you, my dad definitely wouldn’t have survived, I really don’t know how to thank you.”
“Impossible!”
Geshu Yuan looked at Su’s father: “Didn’t you say your father was already dead? How could he possibly appear here?”
“Because Her Royal Highness the Queen allowed me to return to the past, enabling me to alter the trajectory of my life. Her Royal Highness is the true Sea God. My personal experiences are sufficient to prove everything.”
Behind the live broadcast, many citizens of the empire saw Su’s father, including his friends.
“My God, that really is Su’s father, who died a few months ago. But now he has come back to life, and new memories are emerging in my mind. In the new memories, Su’s father never left us, and Miss Su never married; she was just pregnant before wedlock.”
“I am also a business partner of Su’s father. The previously deceased Su’s father has come back to life because Her Royal Highness the Queen made time flow backward. Even Miss Su, who was rumored to have an affair, did not marry Qin Gradually. This is true; I now have two sets of memories in my mind.”
“Her Royal Highness the Queen truly has the power to reverse time and space, to free people from suffering. She is the Sea God, and I support her!”
“…”
Such voices were growing more and more in the live broadcast comments, everyone felt it was too incredible!
Ye Xingguang curiously asked: “Miss Su, can you tell me if you’ve found out who the father of your child is?”
Su Jiayu did not mind letting the entire empire know what a shameless man Qin Gradually was. She would not let him off; hadn’t she spent all this time without exposing Qin Gradually’s identity for the purpose of dealing him a fatal blow?
Su Jiayu said, “I’ve found out.”
“Think about it and say it when you remember.”
Su Jiayu nodded, and after getting up with Su’s mother, she made public the events of that one hour after she was sent to the past.
In the end, with an apologetic tone, she said: “I evaded the defilement of a beggar, but unbeknownst to Gu Mingyuan, I became pregnant with his child. Here, I want to say to Gu Mingyuan, I am sorry, Mingyuan, I used you and conceived your child without your consent, I truly am sorry, you should not forgive me…”
“How could I possibly not forgive you?” At this moment, a voice suddenly came from behind.
Su Jiayu turned her head and saw Gu Mingyuan.
She immediately felt extremely ashamed.
When Su Jiayu surfaced to pray for the Queen to save her, Gu Mingyuan had seen it all in the live broadcast and had also swum up to the surface, standing in the crowd without revealing himself.
Even though he himself had been harassed by another woman holding a child and asking him to take responsibility, Gu Mingyuan was still concerned about Su Jiayu, knowing that she had been accused of infidelity by her husband and divorced, he felt a bit fortunate, thinking that if Jiayu were divorced, perhaps he would have a chance to pursue her.
He liked Su Jiayu and didn’t mind being a stepfather to the child in her arms.
Unexpectedly…
Now, Su Jiayu was carrying his child.
In the new memories, there was also no other woman holding a child asking him to take responsibility, which was simply a joyous occasion!
“Mingyuan…” Su Jiayu felt embarrassed, considering she had stolen his seed.
Gu Mingyuan swam to her side and got down on one knee. Without a ring in hand, he took out his communication ring and said, “I don’t know if proposing to you now is too late?”
Su Jiayu burst into tears of joy in an instant: “Mingyuan, you don’t blame me?”
“I only blame myself for not pursuing you sooner.”
###Chapter 968: Chapter 968: Kneel Down, Your Proud Knees
This mutual affection of yours and mine, seen as romance in the eyes of others, is incredibly glaring to Geshu Yuan.
Geshu Yuan glares at Su Jiayu with fury, “Miss Su, are you a shill brought here by Muya Jiushu?”
Su Jiayu is not fond of hearing this. Her life was saved by Her Majesty the Queen, and she will not allow anyone to slander her.
Holding her child, Su Jiayu swims over to Geshu Yuan, “Miss Geshu, look at the child in my arms. The child I gave birth to originally had a darker complexion with a red birthmark on his forehead. But now, this child has a very fair complexion and no birthmarks at all. Could I possibly conjure another child out of thin air? Moreover, my father had passed away when I was five months pregnant, but now he is alive again. I can prove that I have returned to the past and altered the trajectory of my own life, and that is why I have this happiness today!”
Having said this, she then swims before the imperial media’s cameras, swearing, “I swear that every word I say is true. Her Majesty the Queen truly rescued me from my suffering. Her Majesty the Queen is indeed the reincarnation of the God of the Sea. If you oppose her, you will suffer divine retribution!”
At this moment, one after another, people swim out from the crowd.
“I can testify. I am Mr. Su’s neighbor. I previously attended Mr. Su’s funeral, but now he is truly alive again. It’s unbelievable.”
“I was the midwife who helped deliver Miss Su’s child before. The child in Miss Su’s arms is indeed different from the previous one. Suddenly, I have this new memory in my mind. Clearly, Miss Su has changed her life.”
“I am a friend of Qin Jianjian. I attended his wedding with Miss Su and learned that the child Miss Su was carrying was not Qin Jianjian’s own. I even thought about standing up for Qin Jianjian, but now I have new memories. In these new memories, Qin Jianjian has always been pursuing Miss Su, and the two of them have not yet married. It seems I was deceived; I didn’t expect Qin Jianjian to be such a despicable and shameless man!”
“…”
More and more people step forward to confirm this matter.
Geshu Yuan’s face is becoming increasingly unsightly.
However, the six great elders, including the accompanying high officials, cannot help but see Ye Xingguang in a new light. Could it be that she indeed possesses the power to turn back time, to reverse the flow of the years?
Only Ye Junqing remains unperturbed, as if nothing is amiss, with only admiration for the little mermaid tail apparent in his dark eyes.
Ye Xingguang stands with her hands behind her back, looking at Geshu Yuan, “Geshu Yuan, do you have anything else to say now? If you have nothing to say, then worship me. Kneel down that proud kneel of yours and show me your submission!”
How could Geshu Yuan be willing to submit? Yet everyone was watching her.
“Miss Geshu, didn’t you say before that if Her Majesty the Queen had the power to turn the tide, you would kneel before her and call her Your Majesty? Now that Her Majesty the Queen has proven her strength, what about you? Do you intend to go back on your word?”
“Who said I’m going back on my word?” Geshu Yuan clenches her fist tightly, her gaze falling upon a few highly respected royal elders.
Unfortunately, at this point, no matter what they say, they cannot change the people’s perception.
Today, not only did they fail to prevent Muya Jiushu’s ascension to the throne, but they have also made her even more beloved by the people.
Now if they come forward to oppose, they will only be antagonized by the public.noveldrama
“If it’s not about going back on your word, then kneel,” Great Elder Bai Qiuhe commands coldly, “After you have knelt, the coronation ceremony must continue. Don’t hold up the entire coronation ceremony because of you.”
###Chapter 969: Chapter 969: Her Heart Is Even More Resolute in Support!
As the Great elder Bai Qiuhe spoke, more and more people demanded that Geshu Yuan kneel. How could Geshu Yuan have ever faced such pressure from so many people?
Now, no one was willing to stand up for her, and she had become the target of public criticism. How did things turn out this way?
Even the Third Elder, Geshu Tang, shouted sternly, “Geshu Yuan, kneel! If the Geshu family’s reputation is ruined because of you, I will not spare you!”
Geshu Yuan felt a surging sadness and a sense of grievance.noveldrama
Clearly, Ye Xingguang was just a man-made mermaid, but she made Su Jiayu change her life trajectory.
At the moment Geshu Yuan bent her knee, Ye Xingguang coldly watched Geshu Yuan, and only after she addressed her as Her Majesty, and a full thirty seconds had passed, did she gesture dismissively, saying, “You may rise.”
Then, she said to Great elder Bai Qiuhe, “Continue with the ceremony.”
After speaking, she walked to Lord Ye Qing’s side, stood shoulder to shoulder with him, and gave him a concealed smile.
If it weren’t for the inappropriate setting, Lord Ye Qing would have wished to reach out and ruffle her head. How could she be so impressive?
The remainder of the ceremony went uninterrupted, not only undisturbed but even garnered more support from the public.
After the temple worship activities were concluded, the grand procession returned to the Imperial Palace.
On the long red carpet of the Imperial Palace, Lord Ye Qing accompanied Ye Xingguang, step by step, up to the queen’s throne.
His emotions stirred, and as he watched her sit on the queen’s throne, his heart swelled with pride. His woman, no matter how one looked at her, was always pleasing to the eye.
For the first time, Lord Ye Qing took the role of a supporting character, sitting beside her, accepting the homage of all the empire’s officials. The scene was even more solemn than when he accompanied his brother to ascend to the position of President.
From this moment on, even the title changed.
Ye Xingguang was no longer Her Majesty the Queen, but now properly established as Her Imperial Majesty, rightfully becoming the empress of the undersea empire!
After everyone had paid homage, Ye Xingguang delivered a national speech.
To everyone’s surprise, after completing the speech prepared by the six Great Elders, Ye Xingguang announced something else:
“I declare that, effective immediately, the Atlantis Empire formally ends the Monarchy Era and enters the Constitutional Monarchy Era. As the queen, I will not personally be involved in the governance of the nation. Under the premise of retaining a monarchy, and through constitutional measures, the temporary federal government will be reformed into the federal government. Henceforth, the detailed management of the state will be handled by the federal government.”
The six Great Elders, who were paying homage below, all raised their heads, listening incredulously to Ye Xingguang’s voice.
This decision had never been revealed to anyone before.
On the one hand, they hoped Ye Xingguang would ascend the throne, but on the other, they were unwilling to hand over power. They were contemplating challenging for power after her coronation, but unexpectedly—
What they cared about the most turned out to be what she dismissed with contempt!
She didn’t want the imperial power, but to legitimize the temporary federal government into the federal government?
This…
The six Great Elders suddenly felt particularly ashamed.
At that moment, their support for her grew even firmer!
…
After the entire coronation ceremony concluded, Ye Xingguang was able to take a short rest.
In the resting room, Lord Ye Qing looked at her with a smile, “Why suddenly make such a decision? It seemed like even the six Great Elders didn’t expect it.”
Ye Xingguang felt quite relieved. It was a load off her mind.
She extended her hand, wrapped it around Lord Ye Qing’s neck, and said, “Don’t you dislike me staying in the underwater kingdom as the queen?”
After these past few days of life, she found the struggle for imperial power too exhausting, constantly facing both overt challenges and hidden threats. She still preferred a life without struggle.
###Chapter 970: Chapter 970: Winning Hearts Along the Way
“I don’t want to, but if you insist, I can agree.”
Ye Xingguang: “Hmph, that’s a hindsight argument. Who doesn’t know you didn’t want to? When I asked you if I stayed underwater forever, would you be willing to stay with me, you know you replied instantly, without even thinking, you just told me, ‘I don’t want to!'”
Ye Junqing laughed, “Really? I don’t remember that.”
“Just deny it then! But I also don’t want to stay underwater forever. I miss hotpot, I miss the snow, I miss basking in the sun. In this empire, I just need to be titled as a queen, a queen who is admired by everyone. As for those tedious daily affairs, I can’t be bothered with them. It’s perfect to hand them over to the six great elders as a favor. Now they must feel deeply grateful towards me. This way, I’m buying people’s hearts incidentally.”
Her foundation in the underwater realm was too shallow. The thought of competing with the six great families for royal power was exhausting. It’s better for everyone to live in harmony, her being their respected queen and a figure of faith, while the six families continue managing the country as before, each reaping their own benefits.
Anyway, when she wasn’t queen and when the empire had no emperor, the temporary federal government managed the country pretty well.
As long as the people are happy and content, does it matter who manages the country?
However, Ye Xingguang coquettishly said, “I gave up the boundless power of being a queen for you, how do you plan to compensate me?”
Ye Junqing hugged her, lowered his head, and captured her lips: “How about compensating you with a lifetime?”
“A lifetime is not enough?”
“Then, two lifetimes.”
Ye Junqing loved her coquettish demeanor at this moment, feeling that even two lifetimes were not enough, hoping to be with her life after life.
The two were intimately entwined for a while, then Ye Junqing said, “Have you noticed? The god of the ocean described in the temple’s murals looks a lot like you. Is it really just a coincidence?”
Hearing Ye Junqing’s words, Ye Xingguang narcissistically said, “Could it be that I’m really the reincarnation of the ocean god?”
But Ye Junqing suddenly recalled the phone call from Li Yu not long ago, “It’s all fake, maybe one day we’ll have to fight side by side.” Li Yu’s call out of the blue, was it just to upset him?
“Right, the Third Elder said that before our wedding ceremony tonight, they want you to provide the vampire’s formula. What do we do now, since that box just can’t be opened?”
Ye Junqing gathered his thoughts: “I do have an idea.”
“What is it?”
Ye Junqing leaned close to her ear and whispered something.
Ye Xingguang suddenly raised her head: “Can we do that? I think it could work! Let’s go try it.”
…
In the afternoon, there were two hours of rest, and Ye Xingguang didn’t engage in much activity.
She sat in her own bedroom, dragging Ji Qishu, Fu Zhuo, Mo Fei, Ye Junqing, Xiao Yun, Huo Liuli, along with Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua, to play Truth or Dare.
Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua, the two kids, had never played before and didn’t know the rules. Ye Xingguang then took a deck of cards and explained the rules to the two youngsters.
After speaking until her mouth was dry, she concluded, “In summary, that’s it. The loser of the game must willingly accept a penalty and must choose between truth and dare, got it?”
Mo Yinhe rolled his eyes, thinking how such a simple thing was explained in such detail—did they think him a fool?
Anyway, he had never lost a game before; Truth or Dare would never come his way!noveldrama
[Author’s note: That’s all for today’s update. More updates tomorrow, please vote and recommend, xoxo]
###Chapter 971: Chapter 971 What Kind of Luck Is This?
The game started, and Xiao Yun was the first to lose. He seemed rather happy, saying, “I choose Truth.”
Even though both Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang appeared to be somewhat gloomy, Ji Qishu was especially excited. He wrote several questions on slips of paper and let Xiao Yun draw one. The questions Ji Qishu wrote were all of an adult nature.
Xiao Yun drew a slip and opened it.
The question on the slip was: [Whose first kiss did you take?]
Fu Zhuo was also quite interested. He had been working with Xiao Yun for so long but still didn’t know who Xiao Yun had dated. Although many young girls had tried to flirt with Xiao Yun, he never seemed interested. Fu Zhuo couldn’t help but speculate: “Xiao Yun must still be saving his first kiss, hahaha!”
Xiao Yun looked at the agile Hululi leaning against the chair back with a smile in his eyes, spilling all the beans: “Far in the distance yet close at hand, five years ago, I took the first kiss of the number one goddess in the mercenary world.”
Hululi emanated a chilling aura and flatly denied it: “My first kiss was given away years ago.”
Wow!
Ji Qishu pricked up his ears, were these two involved in the past?noveldrama
Xiao Yun didn’t buy it: “Your subordinate said that was your first kiss.”
Hululi remained unfazed: “Only a na?ve young boy like you would believe that.”
Fu Zhuo: “!!!”
Good heavens, how could Xiao Yun be called a young boy? Isn’t Xiao Yun about twenty-four this year?
But to Hululi, who was thirty, Xiao Yun, six years her junior, was indeed a young boy, a puppy, no, he didn’t deserve the ‘milk’ prefix, he was a wolf pup!
“Woman’s mouth, a liar’s ghost, I firmly believe that I took your first kiss.” Because she was completely unskilled, had no experience at all. When he kissed her in the midst of battle and smoke, Hululi, who usually handled herself with ease, was as green as a sixteen-year-old girl.
His whole back stiffened, he still remembered every second of that sensation, one hand stroking her back, the other supporting the back of her head, she had no power to counter at all.
“Damn, this is just torturing single folks, who came up with this question?”
Fu Zhuo saw Xiao Yun with a look of deep relish, this was no punishment, but a reward. Playing a game and still showing off their love, how is a single guy like Fu Zhuo supposed to live with that?
Ji Qishu said: “Well, truth questions are all like this. What else to ask? If you wet your pants when you were a kid?”
Fu Zhuo had no response.
Ye Xingguang said: “Come on, come on, let’s keep playing!”
Hoping that the next one to lose would be Xiao Yun.
But fortune favored Xiao Yun again, losing for the second time – what kind of luck was that?
“I choose Truth,” Xiao Yun proclaimed again.
Then, he continued drawing slips, this time the question was: “Would you accept an older woman younger man relationship? What age gap is acceptable to you?”
Xiao Yun’s answer was quite resolute: “As long as I like her, I can accept a twenty-year age gap.”
Fu Zhuo snorted derisively: “Unless she’s a rich woman!”
Xiao Yun’s gaze heatedly on Hululi: “I have never been against relationships with older women.”
Hululi avoided eye contact and did not meet Xiao Yun’s gaze.
In fact, it was precisely the issue of their age difference relationship that led to their eventual breakup. She was abandoned by the fervently pursuing young wolf!
Xiao Yun added another line: “As long as the ‘older sister’ doesn’t mind my age, being younger doesn’t mean immature, doesn’t mean irresponsible, doesn’t mean childish, and certainly doesn’t mean I’m not suitable for an older sister.”
###Chapter 972: Chapter 972: Boss Xiao Mo, Would You Choose a Big Adventure?
Fu Zhuo couldn’t listen anymore, it was obviously a public display of affection. Was this a game or was everyone just assisting him like a divine helper?
Ye Junqing glanced at Xiao Yun and then at Huo Liuli. Since Xiao Yun had always been his divine helper, he temporarily forgave Xiao Yun for stealing the spotlight.
Unfortunately, Huo Liuli didn’t respond at all and treated Xiao Yun like air.
“Next round,” Fu Zhuo said. “If Xiao Yun loses again in the next round, I’ll seriously suspect that Xiao Yun is cheating!”
In the next round, it wasn’t Xiao Yun; it was Fu Zhuo.
Fu Zhuo also chose Truth.
He eagerly pulled out a slip of paper and couldn’t wait to read the question.noveldrama
Question: “What is the most inappropriate thing you have done with a friend of the opposite sex?”
Fu Zhuo rubbed his hands and said, “Holding hands.”
“Pfft…” Ji Qishu was drinking something and spat it all out. Looking at the brother he grew up with, he shook his head. This guy was too innocent, holding hands is the most inappropriate thing he’s done at his age.
Ji Qishu asked, “With whom did you hold hands?”
“Tang Zhou!”
Ji Qishu: “Pfft…”
Ji Qishu couldn’t control himself and burst out laughing again!
He gave Fu Zhuo a look of ‘you’re beyond saving’: “Dude, are you defective or something? Can’t you even flirt with a girl?”
Fu Zhuo: “Am I that kind of casual person?”
Ji Qishu thought for a moment: “You should stop paying the singles tax, really. If you keep paying the singles tax, you might end up being a monk for life. The state kindly developed a lottery system for people like you, just go to the civil affairs bureau and try your luck. Otherwise, by the time my kid is old enough to buy soy sauce, you probably won’t have held hands with any girl other than Tang Zhou. You’re not worried, but I am!”
“Next round.” Ye Junqing was getting impatient with these rounds, always the people who shouldn’t be losing!
In the next round, it was Yin Xiaohua’s turn.
Yin Xiaohua thought losing was an honor, so excited, her tender little face full of pride, “Uncle, auntie, I want Truth too, I want Truth too.”
“Alright, little darling, come here and draw a slip of paper,” Ji Qishu said.
Yin Xiaohua’s excited little hands grabbed a slip of paper and handed it to Ji Qishu, then sat neatly at the children’s table, both little hands placed orderly on the table, looking just like a serious elementary school student.
Ji Qishu was completely charmed by Yin Xiaohua’s well-behaved appearance and read the question from the slip, “What is the minimum standard for someone to be considered your sibling?”
Little Xiaohua bit her plump little lips, “They have to give me food, give me little toys, and play with me.”
Such innocently charming conditions.
Everyone clapped for Yin Xiaohua, except for Mo Yinhe, who was rolling his eyes next to her.
Ye Xingguang scratched her head, “Next round.”
She thought to herself: The next round, Mo Yinhe must lose, Mo Yinhe definitely has to lose…
Not sure if it was her silent prayers, but in the next round, the person who lost was indeed Mo Yinhe.
Ye Xingguang kindly tempted, “It’s always Truth and it’s becoming dull, Mo boss, why not choose Dare this time?”
Mo Yinhe, who had never lost a game, kept his cool facade, hardly believing that he could lose.
In the previous rounds, the Truths were all not suitable for children, and the little overlord CEO Mo Yinhe wouldn’t answer those kinds of questions. Hearing Ye Xingguang’s words, he pursed his thin, cold lips and nodded, seemingly approving Ye Xingguang’s suggestion.
###Chapter 973: Chapter 973: You Can Get Rich by Selling Medicine!
The Truth or Dare questions were put in different little boxes, and Ye Xingguang immediately got excited, grabbing another little black box and ostentatiously shaking the slips of paper inside. Finally, he said, “Boss Mo, come on, draw one.”
Mo Yinhe, the young CEO, stared at Ye Xingguang’s face, wondering why he felt there was something crafty about this woman’s smile.
It kind of felt like the Big Bad Wolf luring the innocent little rabbit.
In the end, the domineering CEO Mo Yinhe pulled out a slip of paper and handed it to Ye Xingguang: “Read it.”
Taking the opportunity, Ye Xingguang secretly switched the slips and then opened it up: “Call someone and address the person on the other side of the phone as Grandpa.”
“I’ll do it.” Ye Junqing, who had been lacking enthusiasm, casually threw out a comment and then took out his phone.
When he had come underwater, he brought a mobile Wi-Fi, so he could use his phone.
Ye Junqing directly made a WeChat video call to the elderly Chen and passed the phone to Mo Yinhe.
With a dissatisfied expression, Mo Yinhe took the phone, finding this whole thing so LOW. Why was the technology on land so backward and having to hold a phone so annoying? Anyway, he reluctantly took the phone from top to bottom, and there appeared an old man with white hair in the video!
Upon seeing the white-haired man on the screen, Mo Yinhe’s disdainful expression grew even stronger: “Why is it you?”
Upon seeing Mo Yinhe’s cool and cute little face, Chen Fengdu felt like he was basking in the spring breeze: “My dear grandson!”
Since Ye Junqing, that stinky kid, had made the call, had he managed to deal with Mo Yinhe?
Of course, Chen Fengdu wanted to take advantage of Mo Yinhe right off the bat!
Mo Yinhe frowned deeply and reluctantly uttered, “Grandpa.”
And then, he immediately hung up the call.
Ye Xingguang’s spirit soared, wishing she could hug Ye Junqing and exclaim, haha, it’s done!
This counts as done, right?
Mo Yinhe snorted and tossed the phone back to Ye Junqing, who had just caught it when the phone rang again.
Ye Junqing stood up with the phone in hand and said to everyone, “You guys continue playing.”
And then, he walked out.
Outside the house, Ye Junqing answered the phone, and regardless of how eager Chen Fengdu looked on the other end of the video, Ye Junqing only said one thing: “What’s the password?”
Chen Fengdu, unable to contain his curiosity: “Where’s my grandson? My dear grandson? Why did he hang up after just one call? Let my dear grandson call me a few more times, quick.”
“First, tell me the password.”
Chen Fengdu glared at Ye Junqing: “Password, password, always the password, you don’t care to let me talk more with my dear grandson. The password is 174817481748.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
1748, are you kidding me?
Are you sure you’re not just saying random numbers to fool me?
Ye Junqing hung up the call again, went inside, found the vintage little box, and after muttering “Go to hell” three times, the little box miraculously opened. This…
Indeed, experience trumps youth!
Ye Xingguang somehow snuck over and saw him open the box, covering her mouth with her hands in excitement.
“Quick, see what the formula is.”
Her family’s big tumor finally doesn’t have to suffer from the old ailment anymore!
Ye Junqing opened the box and stared at its contents, frowning.
Ye Xingguang also leaned in to look, puzzled, “A bottle of medicine?”noveldrama
She took the bottle of medicine out of the little box and examined it in her hands: “What’s this? We wanted the formula, but instead there’s a bottle of medicine? Is this some kind of joke?”
Ye Junqing looked at the manufacturer of the medicine and said, “This is produced by the family of a leader of the vampire clan. This sly old fox means that those who have a recurring illness should buy this medicine. What a huge moneymaker, it’s all profit! Selling medicine can make one rich!”
###Chapter 974: Chapter 974: The Cure for All Kinds of Dissatisfaction!
Ye Xingguang froze for a moment, then jumped up: “So, this basically means not giving the formula but making us buy their medicine? Is this medicine for permanent cure or do we have to take it long-term like for high blood pressure? If it’s the latter, damn it, I’d chop off Elder Chen now!”
Ye Junqing wanted to read the instructions, and the medicine bottle’s instructions were simple: “Cures all kinds of noncompliance!”
Ye Junqing: “…”
Regrettably, he currently had no recurring old ailments to personally experience the effects of this medicine.
After keeping four pills for himself, Ye Junqing passed the rest of the bottle to Ye Xingguang: “Take these to the provisional government and test their effects.”
“What if it’s ineffective?” Ye Xingguang felt like it was a trap.
“Elder Chen probably wouldn’t joke about this kind of thing.”
Still uneasy, Ye Xingguang took the bottle of medicine and headed to the queen’s office, subsequently summoning the six Great Elders.
She felt particularly guilty now, but fortunately, she had won over the hearts of the six Great Elders in the morning, and their looks towards her were full of pity and affection. Plus, everyone had witnessed her ability to turn the situation around, so her status in their hearts instantly rose.
“Little Nine, did you get the recipe from the vampire clan?”
“About that…”
Ye Xingguang thought it over and decided honesty was the best policy, truthfully reporting: “For now, this is the situation. Elder Chen Fengdu gave us a bottle of medicine, this very one; I don’t know if it’s effective against the desire to drink blood, we need someone to test it.”noveldrama
Great Elder Bai Qiuhe angrily rebuked: “What is this, it was supposed to be the formula, and now it’s just a bottle of medicine? Outrageous!”
Ye Xingguang, pressing on her temples, said: “Having something is better than nothing, right?”
Geshu Tang was also furious, but he knew early on that Chen Fengdu was not an easy person: “Little Nine is right, having something is better than nothing. With the medicine, are we afraid of not being able to analyze its formula? I’ll go find someone to test this medicine and see if it really works.”
Ye Xingguang breathed a sigh of relief, raising both her hands and feet in agreement: “Go, go!”
If this medicine works, then the big cancer, her father, and Xiao Man could all be saved!
There are hospitals in the Underwater Empire; people who want to drink blood go there daily to buy blood that helps suppress the craving inside their bodies.
After Geshu Tang left, he went directly to the hospital and gave the medicine to those having an attack, two pills at a time.
Unexpectedly, the effects of the drug kicked in incredibly fast, taking less than five minutes to completely alleviate the symptoms!
After continuously experimenting with seven patients at the hospital and achieving rapid relief each time, Geshu Tang confirmed the drug’s effectiveness and returned to the palace.
Upon hearing what Geshu Tang had said, Ye Xingguang immediately became excited: “Really? The effects are that fast, just taking five minutes?”
“The drug really works, but there’s only one bottle, which isn’t enough.”
So here comes the problem, they needed to procure a large quantity of the medicine from the land!
Ye Xingguang said: “That’s why I say it’s important for us to establish diplomacy with countries on land – establish diplomacy first, then exchange financial, technological cooperation, personnel interactions, cultural tourism… We could even join the United Nations! I am willing, after getting married, to visit Country A; I’ve already interacted with the current President of Country A, and they welcome our visit anytime.”
Geshu Tang couldn’t help but roll his eyes at Ye Xingguang: “Little Nine, isn’t the President of Country A, Ye Junqing’s elder brother?”
###Chapter 975: Chapter 975: Don’t regret it when the time comes!
“So!” Ye Xingguang stated with utter seriousness, “I must leverage this relationship all the more to secure the greatest benefits for our empire! For instance, in terms of food,
various fresh vegetables, fruits, and meat products from the land are all things our empire lacks, while our empire possesses a boundless seafood market. Why not export to the nations on land? Not to earn money when you can would be idiotic!”
“For example, in terms of technology, our empire’s tech is streets ahead of all those on land across all levels. Why not introduce them to our nation’s new technologies, becoming a tech superpower that everyone on land envies yet fears? Technology is the most lucrative after all, isn’t living just about chasing fame and profit?”
Ye Xingguang’s words were excessively blunt, causing several elders to glance at her disapprovingly.
Pretend! Just keep on pretending!
Ye Xingguang continued, “Of course, I know that the honorable elders here are not ones to chase fame and profit. You all aspire and believe in guiding the empire towards prosperity and splendor, making the empire a mainstay where its people live in peace and contentment.”
Those words were more pleasing to the ear, and the faces of the elders improved.
“So, for the sake of leading the empire towards an even more splendid and prosperous future, I propose that the empire establish diplomatic relations with the nations on land, starting with Country A!” After buttering them up, Ye Xingguang went on with her own agenda: “To increase the land-dwellers’ understanding of our empire, and also to help our imperial subjects gain more insight into the world on land, I’ve decided that after my coronation, I will live on land along with my consort, residing in the consort’s family home—that is, my in-laws’ place!”
“What? Your Majesty the Queen, you want to move to live on land? Absolutely not!”
“How can our empire’s queen reside on land? You must live in the imperial palace!”noveldrama
“Our empire’s queen going to Country A to live with the in-laws, what is this? Lord Ye should come and live with you in the undersea kingdom!”
“…”
The honorable elders each expressed their own opinions.
Ye Xingguang knew it wouldn’t be so easy, “That’s why we need to establish diplomatic relations with Country A! Once diplomatic relations are set up, the government of Country A is willing to construct a sizable queen’s residence for me. Within the queen’s residence will be built a large embassy that represents the entire empire’s interests. It will be entirely responsible for managing the political relations between the two countries, as well as economic, cultural, educational, technological, and military relations, and the embassy will have consular functions as well. In this way, we can rightfully purchase this medicine from Country A; otherwise, buying it would be considered smuggling! If the government of Country A bans smuggling, we’ll have no way to buy this medicine in large quantities!”
Geshu Tang looked at her: “Little clever one, your eloquence really shines through when it comes to your wish to return to land.”
“I’m definitely not staying undersea. I’ve already turned the temporary federal government into a permanent one, formally handing over state power to you. Yet you can’t even fulfill this small request of mine, are you even human?”
Ye Xingguang, finding that soft tactics were unsuccessful, resorted to a tougher approach, slamming her palm on the desk: “Have a feel of your conscience, doesn’t it hurt?”
“We need to discuss.”
“How long will the discussion take? Let me tell you, if you don’t let me return to land, I will definitely open up territory here and aggressively develop my own power. I might not personally be interested in managing a country, but that doesn’t mean my son, Mo Yinhe, feels the same. When it’s time for me to pass on the throne to him, given his temperament, he certainly won’t be content just loafing around. When the time comes, don’t you regret it!”
###Chapter 976: Chapter 976: Grand Wedding
Geshu Tang said, “I will inform you of the results by tomorrow morning at the latest.”
“Okay, no problem. Tonight is my grand wedding. Make sure it is well-prepared. This is the first wedding in my life, and I want to be the most beautiful bride!” Ye Xingguang stood up and walked away, leaving the six elders behind.
Of course, there would be a second wedding in her life!
One underwater, another on land. Since she couldn’t wear a wedding dress underwater, she could wear one on land. Witnessed by her parents and friends, that made her look forward to it even more.
…
Tonight, the grand wedding.
In the underwater kingdom, they did not believe in Jesus nor had the ceremony of saying “I do” in front of a Priest, but every couple needed to hold the wedding in front of the sacred tree, asking for its blessing for a happy marriage and to grow old together.
Ye Junqing followed local customs.
Outside the blockade, the crowd watching the queen’s wedding was especially large. Everyone spread the word, eager to witness this joyful moment.
However, they could only watch from a distance.
Since Ye Junqing was not an underwater resident and, although he could adapt to the underwater pressure, staying underwater for long was not his forte. Thus, to accommodate the male Empress of the kingdom, a waterproof membrane system had been prepared in advance. The entire area around the sacred tree was enclosed with a waterproof membrane, and a pressure reduction system was also used, allowing even Fu Zhuo, Ji Qishu, and others to attend the ceremony.
The wedding required two flower children, and Yin Xiaohua volunteered, pulling Mo Yinhe along. The two little guys followed behind the bride and groom.
The crowd watched from afar, murmuring to themselves.
“My goodness, aren’t those the young Mr. Mo of the Galaxy Corporation and young Mr. Yin of the Giant Star Corporation? Look, they look so much like the Queen and Mr. Empress. It’s as if they were the royal children.”
“Don’t you know? My cousin’s brother’s son works in the palace, and he got the inside scoop. Young Mr. Mo is the son of Her Majesty the Queen. I bet young Mr. Yin must be Her Majesty’s son as well. This warm family of four is just so lovely!”
“I also want a son and a daughter; I am so envious of Her Majesty the Queen…”noveldrama
…
Although the crowd was distant, Ye Xingguang’s ears were sharp, and she heard all their discussions.
She also envied those with a son and a daughter!
Alas, young Mr. Mo and Yin Xiaohua were not her and the big villain’s children, sigh…
Geshu Tang was the host for this grand wedding.
Standing in front of the sacred tree, Geshu Tang recited a long passage of essential wedding lines, then asked the couple to press their palms against the massive trunk of the sacred tree, close their eyes, and feel the process from when they met, fell in love, and finally stepped into the sanctity of marriage.
What kind of ritual was this?
Ye Junqing had no choice, having agreed to follow the local customs. Respectfully, they approached the sacred tree. Both placed their palms against the rough and thick bark of the sacred tree, closed their eyes, and reminisced.
The instant they closed their eyes, the events they had experienced together suddenly flashed before their eyes, those images cascading through their minds like a slideshow.
Unexpectedly, the first scene that rushed into Ye Junqing’s mind was when he was trapped among a group of sharks unable to escape. A little mermaid rushed into the sharks, rescuing him from their clutches. Then, he accompanied her in fleeing to a deserted island where he lured the pursuers away and fought fiercely with them, becoming gravely injured and barely breathing…
When he woke up, he was already in the hospital, surrounded by his family, but he had lost his little mermaid.
###Chapter 977: Chapter 977 What Kind of Memory Is This?
Years later, he sat in the car and saw her standing at the crosswalk, her hair tousled by the wind…
Like having found a precious treasure restored to him, he frequently drove to her school and took her to eat all the delicacies the capital had to offer.
Taking showers at school was a challenge for her, but for him, it was an opportunity. He quickly built a mermaid swimming pool at home, brought her back, and lured her with the mermaid swimming pool, tricking her from boarding school to commuting, and then to nightly passionate encounters…
She loved street food stalls, so he put aside his dignified demeanor and accompanied her to eat at every street food stall in the capital, eating until he got diarrhea and was hospitalized, yet he refused to be discharged because the little mermaid made soup for him every day, even though the soup was black and burnt…
Ye Junqing was completely stunned for a moment. No, this wasn’t his memory. Why were such scenes appearing in his mind?
But the scenes kept flashing continuously through his mind.
The scenes Leng Chenmo mentioned were all flashing through his mind. The little mermaid had his chubby son, and he was holding his son, laughing like a fool. Her mermaid tail bore him a daughter, and because of the difficult birth, he cried outside the delivery room wanting to perform a hysterectomy on himself…
When the nurse brought his precious daughter out from the delivery room, he refused to hold his daughter and told his parents in front of them that he detested his daughter, then stormed into the delivery room without a glance…noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was also stunned for a moment. Wasn’t it said that touching the sacred tree would bring back all the memories of their love with the great disaster?
Why were the scenes flashing through her mind like a slideshow, feeling like she had never experienced them?
How could she have attended a third-rate university? She got into a top university!
In the flashing scenes, the great disaster held flowers at the entrance of the lecture building waiting for her after class. All the classmates were sending envious glances her way. She blushed, ran up to Ye Junqing, took the flowers, and shyly got into the car, then complained that he shouldn’t pick her up so openly next time as it looked bad, with classmates whispering that she was kept by an outside sugar daddy.
Fancy cars picking up female students on campus was never a good thing; it was always admired to one’s face but discussed behind one’s back.
Even her roommates were talking behind her back!
After hearing this, the great disaster said, “Then don’t stay in the boarding school anymore. Commute daily, and I’ll arrange a car to pick you up and drop you off every day.”
“How can that work? Won’t I be even more rumored to be kept by a rich man?”
The great disaster said, “I’ve built a swimming pool at home. Let’s go swimming there, to change your mood.”
The beautiful swimming pool, the dazzling starry roof, and the freedom to swim around without having to hide—this was too tempting. She couldn’t say no, wishing she could soak in it every day.
That night she stayed at the swimming pool too late and returned to the dorm when the door was already locked. She knocked, and when her roommate opened the door, she complained about her returning so late and disturbing others’ rest. That roommate had always disliked her. She didn’t engage, but the roommate’s complaints got harsher, cursing for half an hour. Finally, she couldn’t take it anymore, packed her bags, and called Ye Junqing to come pick her up—that was right, she no longer stayed at the school!
After that, she started commuting and Ye Junqing cherished her dearly every day…
She even got pregnant before she graduated from college!
This… This memory definitely isn’t hers. What is this, is the sacred tree sick?
[An Ying: Today’s updates end here, updates will continue tomorrow, asking for monthly tickets, asking for monthly tickets, kiss kiss good night]
###Chapter 978: Chapter 978: Complete Memory
But the images of mutual love and understanding in this memory were too enviable, and she couldn’t help wanting to continue watching…
After moving into Ye Junqing’s home, she balanced love and academia, even though others thought that a third-tier university student didn’t deserve Ye Junqing. But Ye Junqing never thought this way and always cherished her, and their life together was bustling and lively.
In her junior year, she surprisingly gave birth to a chubby son for the big cancer, fair and delicate, absolutely adorable!
However, there were also distressing scenes. The scene shifted, and she collapsed in front of the morgue, the big cancer rushed over, holding her in his arms, and she heard her own cries: “My dad is gone…”
Nonsense, her dad hadn’t gone anywhere!
But in the memory, her dad had indeed passed away, and the big cancer even helped her arrange the funeral.
After her dad passed away, it took a very long time for her to recover from the pain, until she got pregnant again!
This time, she had a difficult labor, at the brink of death in the delivery room, and through the door, she heard the big cancer screaming her name!
Because of the complicated childbirth, she had to switch from natural delivery to an emergency cesarean. Eventually, both she and the baby were saved by the doctors, the big cancer burst into the delivery room, grabbed her hand, and the grown man was so scared that he cried, how embarrassing…
The big cancer didn’t seem to like their daughter, who had almost cost her life in the delivery room, and hardly ever held her. Whenever the daughter wanted to be hugged, he’d hand over the son, saying, “In the future, you’ll take care of your sister!”
Because he didn’t like their daughter, they had a few big arguments over it. But every time she scowled, he’d hold her close and kiss away her anger!
That was just so unfair!
Later on, probably because their darling daughter gradually grew up, she could wobble around, cry out “Daddy,” and became cuter by the day. The coldness in the big cancer’s heart slowly melted away, and he started taking her out, letting her ride on his neck, and even let her play queen on his head, allowing her to use hairbands to tie his short hair into little braids, totally ruining his image…
The children grew up day by day, and Ye Xingguang discovered that they started to look more and more like Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua.
By the time the son was five and the daughter was three, they were practically carbon copies of Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua.
She wanted to continue watching when the screen suddenly went black. Was it over? Was this all that the Sacred Tree had concluded from her and the big cancer’s love story?
It must have been all concocted by the Sacred Tree, right?
While she was inwardly criticizing, the images reemerged.
In the newly appeared scene, she, now a mother, unbelievably shrank back in size, standing frantic at the entrance of T City Hospital, anxiously watching the time, while using a ride-hailing app on her phone to call a car.
At that moment, a car stopped in front of her. She hurriedly got into the vehicle, telling the driver she had to get to her college entrance examination, and was almost running late.noveldrama
Uh…
The driver sped through red lights and finally managed to get her to the examination site right before the school’s gates closed.
This…
This seemed to be her memory from the college entrance examination. Indeed, she remembered that driver was so kind, even taking her to the hospital after her exam. Was that driver actually the big cancer?
The scenes given by the Sacred Tree were all moments where she and he intersected, so this driver had to be the big cancer, no doubt!
Following that, the scene changed again, to the civil affairs bureau, when the lawyer threatened her, and Ye Junqing burst through the door. The subsequent memories were all about her drawing the big cancer in the lottery, and all the experiences she shared with him…
###Chapter 979: Chapter 979: Why Can the Little Fish Tail Also Be Seen?
After the scenes had played out completely, both of them opened their eyes, carrying the same confusion in their gaze as they looked at each other.
Beside them, Geshu Tang, who was presiding over the wedding, said: “Now, the couple has revisited their entire journey from acquaintance to love and finally stepping into the marital hall. The sacred tree has witnessed your love, and now, please swear sincerely to the sacred tree that you will never betray your past, never forget your initial mission, and will always love and cherish each other as you did…”
Ye Xingguang interlocked her fingers with those of Shen Mo, placing her other hand over her heart: “I swear, I, Ye Xingguang, will never betray our past, never forget our initial mission, and will continue to trust and love Shen Mo forever…”
Shen Mo also interlocked his fingers with hers, placing his other hand over his heart: “I swear, I, Shen Mo, will love Ye Xingguang for a lifetime, cherish her, protect her, never forget our initial mission, until we grow old together.”
Geshu Tang proclaimed loudly: “The ceremony is complete; now, the Empress may kiss Her Majesty the Queen.”
Beside them, Mo Yinhe brought out two small hands, covering Yin Xiaohua’s wide-open eyes with his palms.
“Mo Big Pig, what are you doing?”
“What about you? Your big eyes staring so wide, what do you want to see?”
“Hmph, Mo Big Pig, it’s none of your business!”
After struggling for a while, Yin Xiaohua finally pried Mo Yinhe’s palms away from her eyes, by which time Shen Mo and Ye Xingguang had already shared an intimate and moving kiss.
After the wedding ceremony ended, everyone returned to the imperial palace to hold a grand wedding banquet.
At the banquet, toasts were made and cups and decanters glinted in the light.
Such a lively feast lasted for over three hours until the couple was finally sent into the bridal chamber.
Back in their bedroom, Ye Xingguang collapsed onto the wedding bed, too tired to even take off her shoes.
Shen Mo removed her shoes for her; then he lay beside her, reaching out to pinch her nose: “Tired?”
“How could I not be tired? Busy from morning till night, this whole day has been like going to battle, I don’t even want to lift my arms.”
The girl who didn’t want to lift her arms, however, slipped her hand into the man’s clothes.
Shen Mo’s eyes suddenly darkened, but he did not stop her from wandering over his abs, instead, he pondered, curling a strand of her hair in front of her forehead around his palm: “How could the sacred tree know all the past experiences of a couple?”
“I don’t know!”
Speaking of which, Ye Xingguang wanted to ask: “Husband, when you put your hand on the sacred tree, what did you see?”
“Your past, I suppose.”
However, some of that past conflicted with his memory, matching instead what Leng Chenmo had told him.
What exactly was going on?noveldrama
Ye Xingguang said: “It’s so strange, you know, when I placed my hand on the sacred tree, I saw two sets of our past. The first part was completely absent from my memory; it was what you previously told me, what my brother told you, that you and I had a son and a daughter—I have no experience of that at all, I can’t figure it out, how could I have two sets of memories?”
“Hmm?” Shen Mo gazed deeply at her.
“It’s like I didn’t get into C University but was admitted to some no-name third-tier college, and then you pursued me every day at school, and we had a son and a daughter. Then the scene went dark, and I retook the university entrance exam, oh right, you were that DiDi driver!”
Shen Mo was silent for a long while; this must be the memory from his previous life as mentioned by Leng Chenmo. Why would Xiaohua also see it?
###Chapter 980: Chapter 980 Li Yu, what have you done to me?
Logically speaking, Xiao Ywei should not have been able to see it!noveldrama
Logically, he himself shouldn’t have been able to see it either; his life trajectory has changed, so it doesn’t make sense for him to see it!
The key is, the memories in his mind—memories of him and Xiao Ywei not being able to continue loving each other, the Sacred Tree did not capture them!
Is this Sacred Tree reliable at all?
Could it be that the Sacred Tree discerned his memories as unreliable but could still capture his true memories?
Even so, it’s absurd, nothing about it seems logical, unless he hasn’t been reborn at all, and those weren’t experiences from a past life, but rather from their current life. But if it’s from their current life, it’s impossible to experience the same life twice, can one lifetime split into two timelines?!
If he hasn’t been reborn, then Leng Chenmo also couldn’t have been reborn…
Could it be that they both lived out two timelines in one lifetime?
Ye Xingguang was also racking his brains and couldn’t figure it out: “Right, I also saw the two kids I had with you, one looked like Mo Yinhe, and the other looked like Yin Xiaohua, honestly super cool and cute. Hey, is the Sacred Tree playing with me? Showing me scenes I’ve never experienced, isn’t this just brainwashing?”
“I don’t know.” Ye Junqing said, but he thought that Li Yu might know something.
On the wedding night, he didn’t want to bring up Li Yu and ruin his own mood, so he said, “Let’s not think about it, let’s sleep, and tomorrow we’ll investigate the Sacred Tree more and see what’s really going on.”
After speaking, he leaned over and pressed her beneath him…
…
The next day.
Finding some free time, Ye Junqing took out his phone, opened the call log, found Li Yu’s cell number, and dialed it.
After a long wait, the call connected, and a sleepy voice came from the other end: “Heh… Ye Junqing, I didn’t expect there to be a day when you’d call me?”
Hearing Li Yu’s voice, Ye Junqing forcefully suppressed the urge to explode at him: “What did you mean by the call you made to me last time?”
“Oh, bringing this up after so long, what, was your wedding night not satisfying?” The voice from the other end, cold, seemingly teasing but utterly humorless, just icy Arctic winds.
If his memories are false and if what Leng Chenmo said is true, then Xiao Ywei never ran off with Li Yu. Taking a deep breath, Ye Junqing tells himself not to be swayed by the memories in his mind, and coldly laughs, “Very satisfying, do you want me to describe it again for you?”
Of course, no one answered him.
Ye Junqing changed the topic back: “What exactly do you know?”
“Heh…”
Li Yu gave him just one word.
Ye Junqing didn’t care about Li Yu’s attitude at that moment, he just wanted to uncover the truth: “What does ‘everything is fake’ mean?”
Not getting a response from Li Yu, Ye Junqing’s voice deepened: “Li Yu, what have you done to me?”
His statement was completely to rattle Li Yu!
If his memories are false, there’s nothing between Xiao Ywei and Li Yu, but why does Li Yu always deliberately provoke him!
He had a bold guess, Li Yu knew he mistakenly thought there was something between them, that’s why Li Yu always provoked him!
“Don’t think that by staying silent, I won’t know the despicable things you’ve done, Li Yu, you dare to meddle with me!” This statement, too, was Ye Junqing trying to rattle Li Yu!
“Are you sick?” Li Yu threw out a phrase.
###Chapter 981: Chapter 981: Why Are You So Sure?
“You’re the sick one, don’t think I don’t know about the filthy things you’ve done. Got the guts to do them but not to admit it, Li Yu, you’re just a coward. For Xingguang to fall for a coward like you, you’re really overestimating yourself!”
Ye Junqing’s cold voice was unapologetic as he continued to accuse: “But it doesn’t matter if you don’t admit it, I already know everything. No matter how many times Xingguang and I go through, we will love each other for a lifetime. Even in the past, we were so close there was no room for you to intervene. Once upon a time, Xingguang could have given me a son and a daughter, and now she will grow old with me just the same. Li Yu, go stay wherever it’s cool for you, don’t indulge in unrealistic fantasies because fate cannot be forced! I won’t fall for your tricks again and argue with Xingguang!”
After saying his piece, according to his usual temperament, he would have already hung up the phone, but this time, he did not.
Li Yu was silent too, until there was a loud thud, probably Li Yu kicking something over.
“Ye Junqing, you’re courting death!”noveldrama
“The one courting death is you, Li Yu! If you don’t want me as your teammate, then don’t say anything, goodbye!”
Ye Junqing said and pretended to hang up the phone, but at that moment, he heard three words from the other end of the phone: “Awakener!”
“What do you mean?” Ye Junqing narrowed his eyes.
“In this world, some people feel as if they have lived two lives. They think they’ve been reborn and have relived their life, avoiding many past regrets and finding it exhilarating. This group of people, including myself, I have named them ‘Awakeners’!”
Ye Junqing pondered for a while: “Do you mean, there’s no rebirth?”
“No!” Li Yu’s voice was very certain.
Ye Junqing had to ask further: “How can you be so sure?”
“Ha, why should I tell you? If you’re not smart enough, why would I team up with you?”
After saying that, Li Yu hung up the phone.
Ye Junqing’s gaze deepened; why did Li Yu choose such a name, Awakener? What did it represent?
…
In the Queen’s office, Xingguang awaited the answer from the six great elders.
“I want to go live on land with my husband. How are the discussions going regarding my visit to Country A?”
Great Elder Bai Qiuhe said: “Your Majesty, after the deliberation of the federal government, we have agreed that you can return to live on land. However, you absolutely cannot work as a minor official in the news office for the President of Country A like before. The Empire’s Queen must not lower her dignity!”
“Ok! I have already resigned from that job anyway.”
“If the Empire has activities that require the Queen’s attendance, you must return to the Empire. You cannot run away and make it impossible for us to find you like before.”
Xingguang said: “Of course, I’m not just a Queen in name, I will definitely fulfill the Queen’s duties. You can rest assured about that. Any other questions?”
“You must accept the protection of the Queen’s royal guards. Therefore, we will send royal guards with you to live on land, who will always follow you, that is, in the Queen’s separate residence promised by the President of Country A.”
“Well, actually… Okay, I don’t have a problem with that!”
“All your expenses, including clothing, food, housing, and transportation, must be borne by the Empire. Our Queen of the Empire cannot be supported by others, the dignity of the Empire’s Queen is sacred and inviolable!”
###Chapter 982: Chapter 982: He Must Do a Paternity Test for the Two Little Treasures!noveldrama
“Well, my husband is willing to support me. It’s his way of showing love. Of course, my expenses are huge every month, more than my husband can handle alone. Only a powerful empire could afford my upkeep! I fully agree with that, what else…”
Of course, there’s more. The elders have already listed numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9… and so on…
To be able to return to the land and live comfortably, Ye Xingguang took note of everything!
After negotiating with the elders, Ye Xingguang used the communication ring to contact Tang Zhou and asked him to go to the President’s palace. She planned to call the President of Country A as the queen of a nation to finalize the visit to Country A.
An hour later, Ye Shiting’s voice appeared on the holographic screen of the communication ring.
This was a conversation between the leaders of two countries, so there wasn’t much casual chit-chat involved.
After discussing and setting the dates, Ye Shiting naturally hoped it could be as soon as possible. He wanted his younger brother and sister-in-law back from the submarine city quickly to stop their parents from worrying. The visit was scheduled for one week later.
Although the timeline was tight, the elders didn’t anymore, especially about importing medications from Country A.
Once the diplomatic relations are established, they could legitimately import the required suppressants in large quantities from Country A, so the sooner, the better!
…
If it weren’t for the rebirth, then Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua…
The first thought that came to Ye Junqing’s mind was that these two precious children might possibly be the twins that Leng Chenmo referred to as his own.
Though it’s a bit of a far-fetched idea, Ye Junqing couldn’t help but indulge in this wonderful fantasy!
He felt that he needed to do a paternity test for the two little ones!
If the results of the paternity test prove a blood relation, that would be utterly absurd!
Ye Junqing went to find Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua, but couldn’t find them in the palace and ended up asking Ji Qishu, who usually took Yin Xiaohua out to play.
“Oh, oh, Junqing, the two little ones have gone to work. It’s outrageous! A five-year-old and a three-year-old going to work. And here we are, a bunch of old men idling in the harem. Three years old, and he’s already a CEO! When I was three, I couldn’t even read books. What should I do, Junqing? I’m feeling deeply inferior!”
“If you feel inferior, then work harder!” Ye Junqing said, and then walked away.
Ji Qishu caught up, asking, “Junqing, where are you going?”
“To talk about a collaboration with Galaxy Corporation.”
“Why not go to Giant Star Corporation to discuss?”
Ji Qishu caught up and chattered non-stop, “I think Giant Star Corporation is better. Think about the cute, soft tiny Yin. My heart melts just thinking about her; how wonderful if she were your daughter! It’d be great to just take her home, and I’d be excited to madness as her godmother!”
“Maybe she really is.” Ye Junqing instructed Xiao Yun to prepare a small submarine.
“How is that possible?” Ji Qishu laughed.
“If a city as developed as this can exist under the sea, what’s impossible?”
As they were walking, Ji Qishu said, “That’s true. You know, the technology in this underwater city is streets ahead of what’s on land!”
After boarding the small submarine, Ye Junqing suddenly asked Ji Qishu, “Are you reborn?”
“Huh?” Ji Qishu didn’t catch on immediately.
“What about you, Xiao Yun, are you reborn? Do you feel like you’ve lived two lives?”
After shutting the cabin door, Xiao Yun shook his head.
It seems that these two aren’t the Awakeners that Li Yu mentioned.
###Chapter 983: Chapter 983: Xiao Mo is always His Highness the Crown Prince!
Ji Qishu boldly reached out his hand to touch Ye Junqing’s forehead: “Qing, you don’t have a fever either, so why do you sound like you’re spouting nonsense? Did you get stimulated or have you been reading too many rebirth novels?”
Ye Junqing couldn’t be bothered with Ji Qishu, sitting in the shark-shaped mini-submarine, stroking his chin with one hand, still pondering over Li Yu’s words.
A group of people left the imperial palace in the mini-submarine and drove it directly to the parking lot of the Galaxy Building.
After disembarking from the mini-submarine, the group took the elevator to the top floor.
“Your Highness, Mrs. Empress,” the reception secretary at the top floor greeted Ye Junqing with unexpected delight.
The words “Mrs. Empress” made Ye Junqing’s scalp tingle.
There was no helping it; had come the day when Ye Junqing lived as the man of Lady Fish Tail but was not entitled to his own surname. In the eyes of the people here, his only identity was that of Her Majesty the Queen’s male consort.
“Take me to see your little boss Mo.”
The female secretary respectfully led the way: “Right this way, Your Highness, Mrs. Empress. Little boss Mo is currently in a meeting. Is it true that little boss Mo is indeed yours and Her Majesty the Queen’s biological child?”
That’s what everyone out there is saying now, that little boss Mo is the Crown Prince!
Ye Junqing neither confirmed nor denied it, just offering a faint smile.
As the star amidst the moonlit entourage walking through the corridor, they passed a conference room and happened to see Mo Yinhe sitting at the head of the meeting room, with an adorable yet frosty little face, squinting at a corporate executive giving a meeting report.
Ji Qishu, following Ye Junqing, blurted out: “Qing, the expression on this little guy’s face during the meeting is exactly like yours when you’re in meetings. I have to take a picture and show it to the brothers!”
The female secretary standing by saw Ji Qishu pulling out a very low-tech camera, looking at him as if he was a country bumpkin.
Ji Qishu snapped several photos, feeling somewhat sympathetic for the grown men in the meeting room, rendered utterly defenseless by the aura of a five-year-old child, sigh…
The female secretary felt it wasn’t quite right for Ji Qishu to keep taking photos of little boss Mo, “Mrs. Empress, let me take you to the CEO’s office first.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing waved his hand dismissively: “No need, I’ll just watch from here. You can go back down.”
Watching the little guy in the conference room, Ye Junqing’s mind was once again filled with the visions he had seen the previous night after touching the sacred tree. Lady Fish Tail had given him a son, who sat on his lap every time he worked in the study, never finding the child to be a nuisance as he focused intently on his work.
The child indeed wasn’t noisy, staring intently at his documents with large, dark eyes, looking very serious.
He clearly couldn’t understand, but he watched with great concentration.
Lady Fish Tail would come in with food and stand by, taking photos of them with her phone.
Later, when the son went to kindergarten and came back every day with his little backpack, he would do his homework in his father’s study.
Despite his young age, he could mimic his father’s signature strokes. The moment he was not paying attention, the documents at home would be ‘signed’ with a sweep of his little hand, and by the time he realized it, the projects had already commenced, and there was no turning back.
When he got angry, he would flip his son over on his lap and smack his little bottom. Then the boy would start crying loudly for his mother to save him and Lady Fish Tail would rush over to protect the child and argue endlessly with him; their daughter would also cry, making the days chaotic… Yet, such memories bring a warm feeling to the heart.
[An Ying: The update ends here for today, will continue tomorrow. Looking for monthly votes, monthly votes, muah]
###Chapter 984: Chapter 984: The Scheming Bitch, Ye Junqing
Mo Yinhe listened to the executive’s report on this quarter’s earnings, growing impatient. He turned his head and saw several people standing outside the conference room, one of whom was staring at him lost in thought, wondering who knows what. A grown man actually smiling somewhat sillily—how contemptible!
Mo Yinhe ended the meeting early, tired of the executives’ clichés. He then hopped off his custom-made high chair and walked out with authoritative steps to where Ye Junqing stood, still quite irritated, “Looking for me? Do you have an appointment?”
Ye Junqing didn’t answer him, instead, he reached out and picked up the authoritative little guy.
The executives following Mo Yinhe widened their eyes upon seeing this; Boss Mo hated being held by others the most, yet now Mr. Ye was holding him so recklessly!
Mo Yinhe indeed darkened his face, just about to explode when Ye Junqing reached out again and pinched his delicately adorable cheeks, “As expected of my son.”
“You’ve got some nerve!” To dare pinch his face!
Unfortunately, the executives ignored his little temper and carried him straight to the President’s office.
The Queen’s man is truly impressive!
The executives cast admiring glances at Ye Junqing’s back, truly worthy of being the legendary boss, little Boss Mo’s dad!
When Ye Junqing entered Mo Yinhe’s office, he sat on Mo Yinhe’s special kid-sized chair. Although the chair was a bit high for him, Ye Junqing didn’t mind and sat down with Mo Yinhe on his lap, picked up a document from the desk and flipped through it, saying, “How about Dad takes you to the land for a spin?”
“Not interested, you can at most be my foster dad for two more days, once you return to land, we’ll have no connection!”
Mo Yinhe wanted to kick Ye Junqing away, but sitting on his lap, for some reason, the little authoritarian CEO didn’t feel repulsed.
Because he wasn’t repulsed, he decided to spare Ye Junqing’s life.
“Your mom will join me back on land in a week. She will visit Country A in the capacity of a queen. I sincerely invite you to join the delegation to see what business opportunities Country A offers for market expansion. How about we father and son team up and dominate both sea and land?”noveldrama
Dominating both sea and land sounds quite interesting, but who’s father and son?
By then, he won’t be his foster dad anymore, no need to flatter himself!
“Yin Xiaohua has already agreed to join your mom on the visit to Country A,” Ye Junqing casually lied.
“That pig!” How dare she not consult him before making decisions!
Initially, Mo Yinhe was hesitant, but hearing that Yin Xiaohua was going, and worried that she might be deceived, he huffed, “I’ll reluctantly join the delegation to see what business opportunities the land has to offer and explore the market on land.”
…
An hour later, Ye Junqing arrived at the Giant Star Group, and in the same manner, held Yin Xiaohua in his arms, lying, “Xiaohua, in a week, Big Pig Mo will follow pretty auntie to visit Country A and open up the market there; then, you’ll be all alone, poor little thing~~”
“What? Oh no, Big Big Big Pig Mo, why didn’t pretty auntie invite me as well, my little heart is breaking.”
“You want to go?” Ye Junqing smiled looking at the soft cute little one in his arms.
“Hmph, our Giant Star Group absolutely can’t lose to the Galaxy Group! If the CEO of Galaxy Group is going, and I’m the CEO of Giant Star Group, how can I not go? I must go, I must go, sob sob sob~~”
“Alright, uncle will take you.”
###Chapter 985: Chapter 985: The Little Mermaid Actually Refused to Make Him Public!
The seabed isn’t his turf, and paternity tests are troublesome underwater, but once on land, there’s no fear of failing to clarify whether these two little ones are the spawn of him and the little mermaid. If they are, he’s really got to find out what the heck is going on here!
…
Seven days later, Lord Ye returns to sail.
The media of Country A started the hype a few days ago, promoting that the wondrous underwater kingdom is about to establish diplomatic relations with Country A.
“For real? I want to go on a trip! Last time Xia Yanyan insulted their queen, and travel agencies were forced to stop taking orders; I was so upset. I just want to explore the underwater world, ahhh! Anyone wants to team up for a trip?”
“Ahhh! I also want to tour the underwater kingdom but wish it weren’t so expensive. A million really isn’t something us common folks can afford!”
“It is said that if the two countries establish diplomacy, traveling will become easier, and the costs won’t be so prohibitive. Ahhh, and isn’t the queen of the underwater empire a mermaid? I wonder who’s prettier when standing beside Xia Yanyan?”
“Don’t bring up Xia Yanyan. That entire family is ruthless. After the media reported it, my worldview is shattered. I used to be a fan of Xia Yanyan; who knew she was a wicked woman who drinks her sister’s blood! I feel for Xia Qiongqiong every day; where could she possibly be?”
…
Ye Xingguang and her entourage first took a submarine to the port closest to the imperial capital, then took a connecting flight to the imperial capital.
Upon their arrival at the imperial capital’s airport, President Ye Shiting of Country A, accompanied by his officials, warmly welcomed the queen of the underwater empire and her entourage. However, before disembarking, Ye Xingguang stopped Ye from accompanying her.
Ye’s face turned dark: “What, I’m not fit to be seen?”
“No, it’s not that. Sigh, I just don’t want people to know I’m Ye Xingguang, the queen of the underwater empire. Wouldn’t that blow up my cover as Xia Qiongqiong? Plus, I don’t want to go out shopping in the future and get surrounded by crowds. How would I live a normal life then?”
“So what now?” Ye looked down at her, his face clearly unhappy.
The little mermaid actually refuses to reveal him in public!
“You think that just by walking out there, no one will know you’re Ye Xingguang?”
“As long as I don’t admit it, everyone will think that I, Ye Xingguang, simply resemble the queen of the underwater empire!”
“Heh, you think the public are fools?”
“As long as Ye Xingguang and the queen of the underwater empire appear together in public once, it’s enough. Anyway, Brother Fu’s disguise skills are top-notch. Find a woman to disguise as me, pretend to be me, what do you think?”noveldrama
So, he’s still to be kept in the dark?
Can’t he just deplane as the empire’s male consort with her?
“I think it’s doable.” Of course, it wasn’t Ye who said this, but the cool young Mo who did.
Ye looked down at Mo Yinhe: This son isn’t cute at all!
“Plus, think about it. Last time Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth were dying for me to be a mermaid. They couldn’t wait to announce to the world that I am their daughter, wanting me to go back to look after them in their old age. If they knew I’m the queen of the underwater empire, who knows what they’d pull then? Why should I give them the chance to take advantage of me? I won’t give them the chance to benefit from me!”
Ye, ruthlessly tucked away, imitated Yin Xiaohua’s tone: “How do you plan to console my shattered little heart?”
Ye Xingguang leaned close to his ear and whispered, “Let you do whatever you want tonight, be good~”
###Chapter 986: Chapter 986: Her Precious Grandson and Granddaughter?
Ye Junqing refused to be charmed by her batting eyes, shaking his sleeve and turning his face to say: “Am I the kind of man still caught up in base interests?”
This doesn’t work either?
Ye Xingguang racked her brains thinking about what else could possibly tempt him when Ye Junqing threw out another line: “It has to be seven nights, not one night less.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
Men’s mouths, really full of deceitful ghosts!
“Husband, I truly love you to death! It’s decided just like that, cheerfully!”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang tiptoed, gave a vigorous smooch on the handsome face of the man who shed base interests, and then, holding one hand each, led Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua out in a starry entourage.
Ye Junqing: “!!!”
Why can’t he be seen, but the two babies Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua can be?
The media, officially invited, waited in the media area, their cameras focused far off on the plane’s gangway, capturing the figures emerging from the plane’s cabin. The first to come out were Muya Jiushu and two children.
Yi Yujian, standing at the bottom of the aircraft spiral stairs ready to welcome the dignitaries, was just telling Ye Shiting how big a commotion would ensue when the second brother and sister-in-law came out of the plane. She didn’t expect the commotion would startle everyone else, and instead stunned her and her husband!
What’s the deal with the two adorable little creatures sister-in-law is holding?
Ye Shiting also narrowed his eyes in shock; one of the little ones was simply the spitting image of the sister-in-law, wearing a beautiful princess dress, a large princess hat, and even carrying a little handbag, adorably making people’s hearts melt.
The other little boy looked just like the second brother when he was younger. Were these the pictures of the little boy Fu Zhuo had shared before?
If they had known there were children involved, they would have brought their son along!
Following Ye Xingguang, there were also accompanying diplomats from the Undersea Empire, and after everyone walked down, Ye Xingguang shook hands with Ye Shiting and also hugged Yi Yujian.
Taking the opportunity during the hug, Yi Yujian asked her: “Sister-in-law, what’s with these two kids?”
“Sister, I’ll tell you later.”
In a diplomatic setting, everyone maintained a sober and solemn demeanor, without much casual chitchat.
The diplomats from the Undersea Empire also introduced themselves to the senior officials of Country A, shaking hands, posing for media photos, all in a series of diplomatic receptions that did not lose the demeanor of a great nation.
Finally, the group walked over the red carpet and boarded the official car.
The official car slowly drove out of the airport…
Ye Junqing waited a full hour, only after all the people at the airport had vacated did he, along with Ji Qishu, Fu Zhuo, Mo Fei, and others, disembark the plane, the more he thought about it the more aggrieved he felt, for it was his first time living a life that shunned the light!
Seven days was simply not enough to soothe his wounded heart!
It would barely pass after seventeen days!
…
In Ye’s Family manor, Song Chuanqi, Bai Lanwu, Ye Baixiu, and Bai Peiluan were all sitting in the living room watching TV. After watching today’s news about the top leaders of the two countries at the airport, they saw Ye Xingguang leading a child in each hand. Now the four elders were in an uproar.
Upon returning home, Ye Junqing was surrounded by the four elders for a rigorous family inquisition.
“Son, what’s going on? How come Xingguang returned with two children, and how come the kids look so much like you?”
Bai Peiluan was the first to speak up!
Previously, seeing the photo Fu Zhuo sent in the group, she thought her son had been indiscreet outside, but now there was a little girl who looked exactly like Xingguang. Bai Lanwu couldn’t help but speculate, could these two kids both be Xingguang’s children, her precious grandchildren?!
###Chapter 987: Chapter 987: Ask My Little Assistant if He Agrees?
“What’s going on? I can’t explain it right now. Give me a day; I’ll explain it tomorrow.”
Last night, after plucking Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua’s hair on the plane, Junqing went straight to the paternity testing center before heading home.
By tomorrow, the paternity testing center will deliver the results into his hands.
“Why wait till tomorrow to explain? Both your father and I, as well as your in-laws, we all need to know what exactly is going on now. If you don’t speak up, how can I possibly sleep tonight?” Bai Peiluan voiced everyone’s concerns.
Fu Zhuo, who followed Junqing in, said while standing aside, “Godmother, before we came back, we had sent the paternity test samples to the center. The results won’t be out until tomorrow. Please calm down for now.”
“Why is there a need for a paternity test? Do you truly believe that those two kids are yours and Xingguang’s? My son, how could you do something so despicable? Xingguang is so young, and those kids are already at a certain age. You two…”
Pressing his temples, Junqing said, “Mom, can you have a little faith in your son? Remember, I am your flesh and blood after all.”
“You’ve done it, yet I’m not allowed to speak?”
Bai Peiluan was resolute in taking the initiative, determined not to let her sister and brother-in-law confront her son. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to protect her son; it was just that her son didn’t appreciate her efforts!
Junqing didn’t want to talk anymore.
As for Song Chuanqi, he didn’t jump to wild conclusions. After all, the child looked to be about four or five years old—which was the time when their daughter was still on the island. They were absolutely certain that their precious daughter hadn’t been pregnant in these years; as parents, they would be oblivious not to notice.
Their one and only precious grandchild was still an incubating egg in the children’s room.noveldrama
Smiling, Bai Peiluan said, “Alright, let’s give the child some time. We’re not in a rush. Son-in-law, when is Xingguang coming back?”
“She probably won’t have time during the day; we’ll have to wait for the evening. But there’s a national banquet tonight, after it ends.”
Speaking of which, Junqing felt full of grievances. Now, he had to find a woman to pretend to be her. Where was he supposed to find a suitable woman?
Was he really expected to take another woman to attend the national banquet?
Junqing was fuming!
There isn’t a woman in the world who forces a man to engage in frivolity!
After thinking it over, Junqing considered every female secretary in the office but didn’t want to take any of them. Ultimately, he turned his attention to Tang Zhou, gestured to Fu Zhuo, and said, “Dress up little Zhou; make Tang Zhou look like Xingguang. He’s going to take little Zhou to the national banquet tonight.”
“Ah? Master Junqing, little Zhou is taller than Xingguang.”
“Have little Zhou wear a floor-length dress to cover the legs and flat shoes. After Xingguang wears high heels, their height is almost the same.”
Although Tang Zhou has always insisted he is a girl, Fu Zhuo had never seen Tang Zhou in women’s clothing. Would Tang Zhou be willing?
But it was Master Junqing’s order, and Fu Zhuo dared not disobey.
All the way, Master Junqing glanced at him with eyes as sharp as throwing knives, blaming him for knowing the art of disguise which couldn’t be exposed. Now, Fu Zhuo had no choice but to make amends and reluctantly went to find Tang Zhou.
Tang Zhou was swimming in the mermaid swimming pool; the water was heated in the winter, making it especially comfortable to swim.
After Fu Zhuo found Tang Zhou and explained the situation, Tang Zhou leapt out of the warm water: “What? You want me to wear women’s clothes and make me look like little Xingguang? I’ve never worn a dress before, and now you’re asking me to wear one that drags on the ground? No way!”
“Little Zhou, just bear with it for a bit.”
“Why should I be the one to bear with it? Go ask my little follow, see if he agrees?”
At that moment, Leng Chenmo was sitting on the tatami by the pool, reading a book.
###Chapter 988: Chapter 988: I’m Definitely Going to be Played to Death by You Guys!
Hearing that, he glanced at Tang Zhou, as if in deep thought, and after a long pause, actually said: “It’s not entirely out of the question.”
Tang Zhou: “Bloody hell, Shen Mo, which country do you come from?”
“I suddenly really want to see you in drag.”
Tang Zhou: “…”
Bloody hell, that was so direct, he couldn’t even find a reason to refuse!
Fu Zhuo begged as if his life depended on it: “Zhou, just do a guy a favor, okay? Leng can’t find anyone else, he doesn’t want to bring any other woman out, and he’s always worried that he might end up on his knees scrubbing the washboard when he gets back home. I’ve thought it over and over, and it seems only you could.”
“The problem is I look nothing like Xiao Xingguang, okay? Does Xiao Xingguang have my natural beauty?”
Fu Zhuo: “…”
Fu Zhuo: “I guarantee I’ll make you look just like Xiao Xingguang, trust me! You shouldn’t doubt anyone else but certainly not me!”
Tang Zhou huffed, climbed out of the pool, and grudgingly said: “Just this once, and never again!”
Then, he pushed away Shen Mo who was leaning on the tatami mat reading a book and lied down himself, saying, “Come on then, have your way with my face, but I want to check if it looks good after it’s done, and put on the wig, too.”
However, the standing Shen Mo said, “You can put on the wig first, and the dress, the makeup can wait till later.”
“So, assistant, you just want to see me in drag, don’t you?”
Hmph, don’t think he didn’t know Shen Mo’s little schemes!
Never expected, he’s also a schemer!
Fu Zhuo gestured: “No problem, give me twenty minutes.”
In twenty minutes, Fu Zhuo had someone bring a super elegant and beautiful gown, the lace on the gown was speckled with tiny diamonds, shining like stars, truly beautiful. And it fit Tang Zhou’s figure, leaving no room for criticism.
However, Tang Zhou had never worn women’s clothes before, plus he didn’t have a big chest, he always felt this dress was somehow incompatible with him.
He questioned Shen Mo once more, who was interestedly sizing up the long gown: “Are you sure I can wear this thing?”noveldrama
“They say you only know if clothes fit after you try them on.”
But from Shen Mo’s professional perspective, he felt that Zhou could totally pull it off.
“Alright, I’ll give it a try.”
Tang Zhou, right in front of the two of them, directly slipped the gown over himself, then without any self-consciousness said, “Bloody hell, I have no boobs, who’s going to stuff a couple of steamed buns in here for me?”
“Use this!” Fu Zhuo had thought of everything.
He handed Tang Zhou three invisible silicone inserts joined together: “Stuff these in, stick them to your chest.”
Tang Zhou’s brows furrowed tightly: “I’m sure I’m going to be played to death by you guys!”
However, Tang Zhou was someone who loved fun, he said no with his mouth, but his actions were quick, stuffing them in and even comparing in the mirror, and don’t mention it, it really filled out the gown, perfect!
“Now put on the wig.”
This wig was already styled with the hair done up, fluffy and full of character, with two curly fringes in front. After Fu Zhuo finished doing his hair, standing in front of the mirror, Tang Zhou barely recognized himself!
Tang Zhou had his ears pierced, and Fu Zhuo even gave him a pair of earrings to wear…
After a while, a stunningly beautiful girl leaped onto the paper, absolutely outshining three thousand other beauties, capable of killing instantly upon setting foot in a banquet hall.
Fu Zhuo couldn’t believe it: “Zhou, I didn’t expect you to look so gorgeous in drag, I’m almost enchanted by you.”
For some reason, seeing his draped self in the mirror, Tang Zhou blushed and retorted pompously: “I was born with natural beauty!”
Suddenly, he saw flashes of light twinkling, turning his head back, he saw Shen Mo sneakily taking countless photos of him with his phone.
Tang Zhou immediately turned his head and struck a pose, “Assistant, take my picture from the front, get my front!”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, will continue tomorrow, asking for monthly tickets and recommendations, muah]
###Chapter 989: Chapter 989: Being the Queen is Great
Leng Chenmo watched Tang Zhou with a flushed face striking poses, a mix of shyness and coquettishness, and couldn’t help but have a smile tinge his profound eyes. After taking two photos, he directly handed his phone to Fu Zhuo, his voice sincere, “Do me a favor.”
Then, he walked over to Tang Zhou, whose eyes blended innocence and flirtatiousness, and embraced him, wrapping his arms around Tang Zhou’s waist…noveldrama
Leng Chenmo’s hand steadied Tang Zhou’s waist, making Tang Zhou even more embarrassed; however, his embarrassment didn’t stop him from fully displaying his unparalleled elegance. Even though he was actually a girl who had never worn a dress, today, he finally took the first step towards being one…
Fu Zhuo had a face full of black lines. Why was it that no matter where he went, he was always the one suffering from public displays of affection?
…
Ye Xingguang and the accompanying officials stayed at the government residence. According to the itinerary, tonight the President of Country A would hold a state banquet in her honor.
Tomorrow, leaders of the two countries would have another diplomatic meeting, after which she would be free to do as she pleased.
At the moment, she was resting in the government residence.
For the evening’s state banquet, she did not intend to wear a beautiful dress, as it did not suit her status. She was not one of those socialites competing for attention; she was a queen. Therefore, her entourage prepared for her a beautiful dark blue two-piece dress. Underneath was a knee-length professional dress with a women’s suit jacket on top, looking commanding and capable, truly befitting a queen.
“Pretty auntie, drink up nicely,”
Little Flower held a yogurt taken from the small fridge, her belly protruding from drinking too much, yet she couldn’t resist taking a few more sips.
Ye Xingguang picked her up: “Little Flower, let’s go to the banquet. There will be many delicious cakes there.”
Having said that, she left with her entourage.
Sitting in the car, Ye Xingguang spoke to the accompanying officer Han Sen, “Have you handled the matter I asked you to take care of?”
Officer Han Sen nodded, “It’s been taken care of. Your Majesty, even if the person who insulted you is a national treasure of Country A, they don’t deserve to perform for you. Tonight, Xia Yanyan will not appear.”
“Mhm,” Ye Xingguang was satisfied.
It was good to be a queen. If she did not like someone, she simply did not have to see them.
At this very moment, Xia Yanyan, dressed like a Heavenly Immortal, was walking into the presidential mansion, arm in arm with Harry Perry, only to be stopped by the presidential staff at the registration desk.
At the registration desk, many high-ranking officials entered with their families. The arriving guests all turned to look at Xia Yanyan, like onlookers enjoying the spectacle.
Xia Yanyan’s face was extremely embarrassed, “Why can’t I go in? I am a national treasure. Whenever a foreign leader visits Country A, I always represent the nation performing. How can I not be allowed to attend such an important event tonight? Do you know that I am Harry Perry’s fiancée?”
The staff was being strictly businesslike, “I’m sorry, Miss Xia, but this request came from the honored guest’s country. They prefer not to see you at the state dinner, and besides, their queen herself is a mermaid; to them, you’re not that rare a sight. We hope you understand. When you were traveling in the honored guest’s country, you had already offended their queen, so it’s reasonable for them to not want to see you now.”
Harry Perry’s expression also turned ugly. Ever since he had won Xia Yanyan’s heart, she seemed to have repeatedly embarrassed him. The national treasure he once most wanted to marry now seemed only to tarnish his reputation.
“Yanyan, I’ll have my secretary take you home first,” he said.
“Harry, what do you mean by that? Instead of finding a way to get me in, you’re sending me home? Are you still my man?”
###Chapter 990: Chapter 990: Ye Xingguang, Is She the Queen of the Undersea Empire?
“Enough, mind the occasion. Lately, you’ve been increasingly unsuitable for public appearances; I seem more like the one taking over a thankless task.”
Picking up a hot potato!
But it was Han Sen’s name Xia Yanyan had filled in on the marriage application, and now he couldn’t even bring up breaking up with her.noveldrama
Harry Perry felt stifled, gave his secretary a look, and the secretary, forcing a smile, said: “Miss Xia, perhaps I should take you back. After all, a state banquet like this, you’ve attended countless since you were young. One more or less won’t make a difference, don’t you think?”
“Harry Perry, how impressive of you!”
Xia Yanyan was furious as she turned to leave. As she descended the stairs, the Queen’s entourage happened to be entering the Presidential palace.
Once the car stopped, a diplomat from Country A stepped out immediately to stand before the Queen’s seat and respectfully welcome her.
Someone opened the car door for Ye Xingguang, welcoming her out of the car as stars surround the moon;
Others, noticing Xia Yanyan on the scene, immediately went over to pull her aside so as not to upset the distinguished guest Queen by having Xia Yanyan in view, which could cause unnecessary diplomatic displeasure.
Watching the media coverage at home, Xia Yanyan had noticed the Queen of the Underwater Kingdom looked like Ye Xingguang, and now seeing the Queen being greeted by a host of executives from afar, she felt even more so.
No, this wasn’t merely a resemblance; this was unequivocally Ye Xingguang!
Ye Xingguang, she’s the Queen of the Underwater Kingdom?
The more Xia Yanyan thought about it, the more inconceivable it seemed. Her paranoia kicked in, and suddenly she felt that everything was Ye Xingguang’s doing—like that time underwater when a group of women came out of nowhere to slap her relentlessly and later falsely accused her of slandering the Underwater Queen. Perhaps all of it had been orchestrated by Ye Xingguang, which led to her current humiliating predicament…
New grudges joining old, Xia Yanyan lost her reason, shoved aside the two staff members blocking her, and charged towards Ye Xingguang in fury.
“Ye Xingguang!” Xia Yanyan roared.
Ye Xingguang only just cradled a little flower out of the car when she saw Xia Yanyan approaching aggressively.
However, Xia Yanyan hadn’t gotten close before the Queen’s guards stopped her several meters away.
The guards escorting her, thinking the Queen was under attack, swiftly drew their guns, all pointed at Xia Yanyan.
The atmosphere was tense as bowstrings drawn tight.
The diplomats from Country A kept saying “calm down,” then approached Xia Yanyan: “Miss Xia, please leave.”
Suddenly having guns pointed at her head, Xia Yanyan sobered up from fright, but seeing Ye Xingguang in such a commanding position, she couldn’t swallow her pride. Blocked by the diplomat, her voice still rang out: “She is Ye Xingguang, not some Queen of an underwater country. It was all her, directing people to set me up at the bottom of the sea. I demand the National Treasure Committee to take immediate action for me!”
Ye Xingguang sneered, completely ignoring Xia Yanyan. After holding the little flower, she went to take Mo Yinhe’s hand as he stepped out of the car.
Mo Yinhe’s deep eyes glanced at Xia Yanyan. His naturally bloodthirsty temperament made his look at her as if viewing an inanimate .
“Let’s go, my little treasures.”
Ye Xingguang completely ignored Xia Yanyan; with her current status, Xia Yanyan was simply not qualified to talk to her.
In diplomatic circles, aside from Ye Xingguang’s guards, no one else would take Xia Yanyan seriously. The party majestically entered the President’s banquet hall.
###Chapter 991: Chapter 991: You’re actually not helping me!
Xia Yanyan was still causing a scene outside, and Harry Perry couldn’t help but go over to stop her from continuing to embarrass him: “That’s enough, isn’t your family’s disgrace thrown enough? Where is your former nobility and elegance? Show the poise befitting a lady of your status, or else…”
“That’s Ye Xingguang! She framed me, made me a woman whom the public sees as so disgraceful I might as well be in a foreign country. If it weren’t for her, would my image have fallen so far? And now she even forbids me from appearing at the state banquet. You’re my man, and you don’t even stand up for me!”
“I really wanted to help you, but you have to know how to act with proper decorum, Xia Yanyan. Your behavior is becoming increasingly unsightly. No matter who she is, her current identity is the head of another state. Rushing over like this, do you understand the concept of the big picture?”
“I don’t understand the big picture, Harry Perry, you’re not fit to be my man!”
Xia Yanyan was fuming!
“Do you think I want to? If you don’t want to continue, then go and ask the country to annul our engagement yourself!”
Harry Perry couldn’t be happier!
Recently, the family has been saying that Xia’s Family is no longer suitable for alliance through marriage. Xia’s Family’s reputation has plummeted, and forming ties with them would be a step down. He had already spoken well of her many times at home because of his feelings for her, yet she was still so ungrateful!
“You!” Xia Yanyan couldn’t believe it, Harry Perry, who had always doted on her, would actually say such things.
“I will not let Ye Xingguang off!” Xia Yanyan swore!
She would go home now and tell her parents that they had been deceived by Ye Xingguang. She now understood why her elder brother had been able to arrive so quickly at the scene of her humiliation at the seabed. Maybe her brother was with Ye Xingguang at that time, at the seabed!
That’s right, the Queen of the Seabed is Ye Xingguang, and Ye Xingguang is… her sister Xia Qiongqiong!
She must tell her parents about this, with their temper, she must make Ye Xingguang unable to find peace for the rest of her life!
After speaking, she turned around to go to her car, but after taking a few steps, she saw Ye Xingguang and Night Junqing walking out from a car.
Xia Yanyan was stunned for a moment; Ye Xingguang had just been escorted into the President’s residence surrounded by stars; how could she suddenly appear from a car? Could it be that she has the ability to be in two places at once?
Ye Xingguang, who walked out of the car, heard Xia Yanyan’s vow and snorted, “Xia Yanyan, are you sick? What did I ever do to you? The moment I get off the car, I hear you say you won’t let me go.”
Night Junqing stood beside Tang Zhou, feeling it a waste that this kid wasn’t in voice acting, his mimicry of Mermaid’s voice was subtly playful and upturned.
“How… how come you are here?” Xia Yanyan was completely taken aback.
Tang Zhou, with his arm linked with Night Junqing, put on a pretentious show of leaning on Night Junqing: “Why can’t I be here? As the spouse of the President, isn’t it only natural for me to attend the state banquet tonight? On the other hand, you—the Queen of the Seabed doesn’t want to see you, and yet you insist on coming here to embarrass yourself. Xia Yanyan, you’re really damaging our country’s dignity!”
After that, Tang Zhou looked up, acting coyly towards Night Junqing, “Husband, shall we go inside?”
Goosebumps covered Night Junqing’s body, but he had to present an indulgent facade: “Alright.”
Watching the couple walk into the state banquet hall, Xia Yanyan was dumbfounded for a long while. What’s going on, how could there be two Ye Xingguangs?
There must be one that’s fake, Xia Yanyan thought between clenched teeth!noveldrama
###Chapter 992: Chapter 992: Call Me Brother, I’ll Look After You from Now On
In the state banquet hall, Tang Zhou entered the room and immediately started looking for his queen-like little sister-in-law. He hadn’t seen Ye Xingguang yet when he spotted an adorable mini version of Xiao Hua, wow, what kind of divine little treasure is this?
Tang Zhou couldn’t control himself; he had long heard from Ji Qishu that this little baby called Xiao Hua was soft, adorable, and lovely to hold, making one wish to offer up all the best things in the world with both hands.
Indeed, little Xiao Hua was already being monopolized by someone else.
Ye Qinghan, the young Crown Prince of the Ye family, was playing the role of a warm and hospitable host. He took Yin Xiaohua’s little hand and brought her to a collection of pastries, asking her what she liked to eat: “You can pick anything. If you can’t reach it, I’ll help you.”
Ye Qinghan, who is about the same age as Mo Yinhe, didn’t forget to hand his favorite set of gun model puzzles to Mo Yinhe while entertaining Yin Xiaohua: “This is for you.”
Mo Yinhe glanced at the toy gun puzzle, his distaste not showing on his face for the moment. Cool and aloof, when he saw Ye Qinghan, he felt an inexplicable sense of kinship. After accepting the gift from little friend Ye Qinghan, he handed over his own real gun that he carried with him: “What goes around comes around, this is for you.”
Ye Qinghan: “How old are you?”
Without hesitation, Mo Yinhe replied: “I’m older than you, call me brother. From now on, I’ve got your back.”
Ye Qinghan: “Do you know how old I am?”
Originally, Ye Qinghan wanted to take Mo Yinhe as his underling, but someone had beaten him to the punch and taken the lead.
Mo Yinhe lied without blinking an eye: “I know, I’m older.”
Ye Qinghan: “Alright.”
Ye Qinghan accepted Mo Yinhe’s real gun, thinking it was a fake, and carelessly played with it in his hands. There was no danger in playing with Mo Yinhe’s gun since it was currently unloaded.
“Ye Qinghan.” At this moment, a little princess came trotting over, looking for playmates.
Adults have their social circles, and kids have theirs too. Dressed in a pink princess gown and hopping over, the adorable princess was the former President Yanbei’s little treasure, Yan Zhenxi.
“Wow! You’re so beautiful.” Yan Zhenxi complimented Yin Xiaohua.noveldrama
Yin Xiaohua loved being told she was beautiful. She handed the little cake she just got to Yan Zhenxi: “You are also beautiful, this is for you to eat.”
“Thank you, my name is Yan Zhenxi, what’s yours?”
“I’m Yin Xiaohua.”
Yan Zhenxi took the cake and actively grabbed Yin Xiaohua’s little hand: “Can we play together? This is a gift I picked for you. My mom and dad said that since you’ve come from afar, Ye Qinghan and I should take good care of you. You can ask me for anything you want.”
Yan Zhenxi’s assistant handed a fluffy toy to her, which she then gave to Yin Xiaohua.
“Wow! This is my favorite, we’re going to be best sisters from now on.”
Yin Xiaohua, easily swayed, was so joyful she could almost fly. After thinking for a bit, she took off the pearl jewelry around her neck and hung it on Yan Zhenxi’s neck: “This is for you.”
Then the four children teamed up, boys with boys and girls with girls, forming a little playgroup.
Mo Yinhe was very resistant to having his hand held by someone else, but he had promised to take care of Ye Qinghan as his brother. So when Ye Qinghan held his hand, he only struggled a bit before letting him, finding himself oddly enjoying Ye Qinghan’s closeness.
Mo Yinhe pursed his lips, wondering why he felt this urge to be close—could it be that he’d been charmed by Ye Qinghan?
###Chapter 993: Chapter 993: Ye’s Family Group Exploded
Shortly after the state banquet officially started, Ye Qinghan asked to sit with him and Mo Yinhe thought about it and surprisingly didn’t .
The four little ones sitting together were adorably overwhelming; beef and lamb became Yin Xiaohua’s favorites, eating so voraciously she didn’t stop even when her mouth was dripping with grease, finally ending with her belly round and plump, continually burping, called a pig by Mo Yinhe, reluctantly wiping her little mouth.
Towards the end of the state banquet, Ye Junqing received a call from Fu Zhuo.
“Junqing, the paternity test results are out.”
The paternity testing center expedited the process, issuing results in just six hours; Fu Zhuo already had the paternity test report but hadn’t opened it.
Unable to wait, Ye Junqing leaned back in his chair at the table, staring at the two cute little ones at the next table: “No need to bring over the results, just take a picture and show me.”
“Alright, Junqing.”
Having hung up, Fu Zhuo found himself extremely excited, even though he wasn’t the one taking the paternity test, but while opening the envelope, his heart raced to his throat, ah, a thrilling moment, yet nobody to share it with.
Fu Zhuo took out the paternity report from the envelope, a total of four sheets of paper, he took his phone and photographed them, one by one.
When he reached the third page, his eyes landed on the final results, and his heartbeat stopped abruptly.
The results showed:
The tested parents are the biological parents of Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua, scientifically and reasonably confirmed from a genetic standpoint.
This…
These two little ones, are they really Junqing and Little Xingguang’s children? How is this possible, this world is too magical!
After sending the photos to Ye Junqing, Fu Zhuo also sent the photos of the paternity report to the family’s group chat.
Fu Zhuo: [Image] I need to calm down.
Ji Qishu: “!!!!!!!!!!”
Mo Fei: “…”
Mu Nianbai: “!!!!!!!!!!”noveldrama
Tang Xiao: “!!!!!!!!!!”
Lin Nan: “!!!!!!!!!!”
Mo Zhe: “!!!!!!!!!!”
Sitting next to Ye Junqing, Tang Zhou opened the family WeChat group: “FML!!!!!!!!”
Then, he abruptly looked at Ye Junqing who was looking at the paternity report, wanting to burst with words but swallowed them due to the occasion; however, his mind was full of: “!!!!!!”
Not to mention everyone’s explosive reactions, even Ye Junqing himself was in shock. What on earth is happening?
Ye Xingguang, who was sitting with Ye Shiting and Yi Yujian, kept hearing continuous notifications from her phone, she took it out to see what was happening in Ye’s family group chat, as her phone was buzzing non-stop, and upon checking, she was dumbfounded.
Ye Xingguang: “?”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!!!!!!!”
Ye Xingguang: “Where did this paternity test come from? Photoshopped, right? What kind of joke is this? I’ve never had children! How could Little Mo and Little Huahua possibly be my biological flesh and blood, @Fuzhuo, this joke is not the least bit funny!”
Yi Yujian took out his phone and handed it to Ye Shiting: “Shiting, look at this.”
In Ye’s family group chat, everyone’s mother Bai Peiluan had already gone crazy, completely dominating the screen.
Bai Peiluan: “Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh…”
Bai Peiluan: “Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh…”
Bai Peiluan: “Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh…”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, will continue tomorrow, good night, seeking monthly tickets and recommendations~]
###Chapter 994: Chapter 994 Son, Look at This
Ye Shiting took the cellphone that Yi Yujian handed over and saw that his mother was dominating the screen. Not knowing what had happened to make her so agitated, Ye Shiting swiped through the phone to find the chat history, quickly coming across the paternity test report that Fu Zhuo had sent. Not to mention his mother going crazy, even he was full of disbelief. His deep and profound gaze immediately locked onto the two children sitting at the child’s table next to him.
Ye Shiting: “@Ye Junqing, what is going on? Explain everything to me clearly!”
All of a sudden, there were two more children, and they were born between him and his younger sister-in-law. To make things worse, after New Year’s Day, his sister-in-law was only twenty-two years old!
The older boy, named Mo Yinhe, was clearly around the same age as his son. How beastly of his second brother to do something so unconscionable to his sister-in-law, keeping it tightly under wraps without letting a whisper reach him.
Ye Junqing didn’t bother to check the family WeChat group at all, his gaze far away and filled with indescribable secrecy towards Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua.
These two kids… actually! Truly! They are the biological and legitimate offspring of Ye Junqing and his love Xiaoyuwei!
Fortunately, he hadn’t sworn to his mother back then, or his back would be chilling right now!
If it weren’t for the inappropriate setting, Ye Junqing would have already stood up to scoop the two little treasures into his arms, one in each hand, and then brag to the whole world that Ye Junqing had children too – and a pair of them at that!
During the time following the state banquet, Ye Junqing didn’t know how he got through it. Finally, when the banquet ended and he couldn’t wait any longer, after getting in the car, he called Ye Xingguang, who was being pampered and helped into the car by everyone: “Bring my son and daughter home immediately.”
Ye Xingguang had already taken her seat, her heart stirring with anticipation, “What’s going on? What’s happening? What is all this about?”
“Remember the pair of children we saw through the divine tree during our wedding ceremony? Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua, that’s definitely the pair of children we saw. Bring them home.”
Feeling too impatient to wait, he added another line: “Exit the Presidential Residence, take a left straight for three intersections, then turn right at the next two intersections, that road has no surveillance cameras, I will be waiting for you there.”
“Oh, oh, oh.”
Ye Xingguang instructed the driver to head to the specified section of the road, and after getting off quickly with the two little ones in arms, she got into Ye Junqing’s car and sped back to the Ye Family estate.
During the ride, Ye Xingguang held Yin Xiaohua on her lap, staring at her in disbelief.
Feeling uneasy under the intense gaze, Yin Xiaohua asked, “Beautiful auntie, why are you staring at me like that? Are you mesmerized by me? I too think I’m very pretty.”
Truly uninhibited when it comes to self-pride, Yin Xiaohua had an unbelievable confidence in her own appearance.
Ye Xingguang didn’t know how to explain; her mind was still in a fog, everything felt too surreal, “Little Xiaohua, I must tell you something, you might not have popped out from between rocks.”
“Ah? Then where did I pop out from?”
“You might have…”
Ye Xingguang wanted to say, you might have popped out from my belly, but she was certain she had never given birth to a child.noveldrama
How was she going to accept this, and how was she going to convince little Xiaohua they were mother and daughter? Any explanation seemed like kidnapping.
Ye Xingguang felt troubled and looked to Ye Junqing, hoping he would explain.
Ye Junqing was also at a loss for words. Luckily, he felt that Mo Yinhe was a smart child with thinking abilities on par with an adult. He simply opened the paternity test report on his phone and showed it to Mo Yinhe, “Son, take a look at this.”
###Chapter 995: Chapter 995: You’ve Got Guts, Don’t Even Think About Sleeping with Me Tonight
Who would have thought that after reading it, Mo Yinhe lifted his bloodthirsty little black eyes and looked up dangerously at Ye Junqing: “Have you stooped so low as to kidnap children?”
Ye Junqing: “…”
“Even the underwater kingdom can carry out paternity tests, little guy. If you don’t believe it, you can have another test done, but let me tell you, your dad will always be your dad.” After saying that, Ye Junqing picked him up and placed him on his lap.
Mo Yinhe pursed his thin cold lips: “Hmph, I’ll get the test done myself, don’t you dare think about abducting me and Yin Piggy.”
“What, what, Mo Big Pig, what are you guys talking about?”
Yin Xiaohua’s eyes widened with curiosity. She pounced over, snatched Ye Junqing’s phone, and saw the paternity test report: “Wow! Pretty Auntie, is it true? Did I really not pop out from the cracks in a rock, was I really born to you?”
By comparison, Ye Junqing felt that daughters were indeed better than sons; he shouldn’t have been so averse to having a daughter.
“Yes, Xiaohua, I’m your mommy. Xiaohua, do you want to be my daughter?”
“Of course, Mo Big Pig said that we look very much alike! You might be my birth mother, oops, I might be your birth kid, wuwu, Mommy, I finally have a mommy…”
Yin Xiaohua stretched out her little fleshy hands, tightly hugged Ye Xingguang’s neck, and planted a slobbery kiss on her face.
Seeing this scene, Mo Yinhe yanked Yin Xiaohua’s braid: “How can you be so gullible? Do you just believe whatever anyone tells you?”
“Mo Big Pig, you can’t pull my braid! You told me I popped out of a rock crevice. Should I have believed that? Why can’t I believe Pretty Aunt when we really do look alike? Besides, what’s wrong with having a mom and dad, huh…”
All of a sudden, Yin Xiaohua discovered something even more exciting: “Mo Big Pig, you’re a big brother!”
“No, I’m not.” Mo Yinhe was proudly defiant.
“Oh, then that’s great.”noveldrama
Mo Yinhe: “!!!”
Face turning completely black, Mo Yinhe shouted: “Yin Piggy, say that again!”
She was such an ingrate, after he had cleaned her butt so many times!
“Mommy.” Yin Xiaohua sweetly called out, effortlessly.
Ye Xingguang was taken aback, completely unaccustomed to the role of a mother. She didn’t know how to respond and was so flustered that she could only bend down and kiss Xiaohua’s little cheek.
“Daddy.” The crisp and milky little voice made Ye Junqing’s heart melt.
Completely powerless to resist, he reached out and ruffled Yin Xiaohua’s head, his heart almost turned to mush by her cuteness.
Yin Xiaohua blinked her big adorable eyes and said, “Mo Big Pig, if you don’t admit it, then I can’t call you brother, and we’ll just have to be business rivals instead.”
Mo Yinhe squinted at Yin Xiaohua: “You’re asking for it, no way you’re sleeping with me tonight.”
“I have a mommy and daddy now! Mommy, Daddy, can I sleep with you both tonight?” Yin Xiaohua asked with hopeful eyes.
Ye Xingguang couldn’t resist: “Of course.”
Ye Junqing had already decided that he was going to make it up to Mermaid Tail tonight: “…”
“Daddy, is it okay?”
Confronted with his daughter’s expectant gaze, Ye Junqing had no principles left: “…Okay.”
Yin Xiaohua danced with joy: “Lalala, Mo Big Pig, did you hear that? Mommy and Daddy are willing to sleep with me tonight, bye-bye now! You’re going to be sleeping all alone tonight.”
###Chapter 996: Chapter 996: Oh, My Precious Granddaughter
Mo Yinhe coldly rolled his eyes, speaking as if he was so eager to share a bed with her: “Hua Xiaozhu, do you know how bad your sleeping posture is? Your little arms can strangle someone’s neck to the point of suffocation. I’d prefer not to sleep with you, thank you very much.”
“Hmph! Mo Big Pig, I’m ignoring you.”
Yin Xiaohua was quite determined this time; once she said she would ignore him, she did just that, chatting happily with Ye Xingguang all the way, truly the little treasure in the family of four who felt the least burdened about having found her parents.
The car drove into Ye’s Family estate. Even though it was dark, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but introduce, “Little Hua Hua, we’re home now. There are grandma and grandpa, maternal grandpa and grandma here at home, and they are all looking forward to seeing you.”
Ye Xingguang took out his phone, showing her who grandma, grandpa, maternal grandpa, and maternal grandma were.
Yin Xiaohua had a good memory; she glanced at the pictures and remembered the appearances of several elders immediately.
The car stopped in front of the villa, at this moment, the four elders were all eagerly waiting in the living room. Hearing the sound of the car engine turning off, Bai Peiluan rushed out first, eager to see the grandchildren who had popped up out of nowhere.
“They are here, they are here, sister, come out quickly!” While Bai Peiluan herself ran out, she didn’t forget to urge the seated Bai Peiluan in the living room.
Bai Lanwu couldn’t believe her daughter had two children, so she wasn’t as excited as Bai Peiluan, walking with a slower pace full of question marks in her head needing answers.
After stepping out of the car, Ye Xingguang also helped Yin Xiaohua down, placing her on the grass and rubbed her head saying, “Little Hua Hua, we’re home.”
“Wow! I know you, you’re grandma!”
Yin Xiaohua saw Bai Peiluan and immediately recognized her, sweet as a sticky rice mochi, calling out ‘Grandma’ while running towards Bai Peiluan with open arms.
“Oh my, my precious little granddaughter.”
Who could resist such a sweet little voice?
Who could resist such a running little gesture?noveldrama
This is simply life-threatening!
Bai Peiluan quickly walked a few steps forward and scooped up the rushing little Hua Hua, nearly crying tears of joy, and she couldn’t withstand the voice of little Hua Hua, “Grandma, grandma, I am Little Hua Hua, Mo Big Pig says I’m quite heavy, you should be careful.”
“Not heavy at all, where is it heavy, who’s Mo Big Pig, my darling granddaughter isn’t heavy at all.” Bai Peiluan whimsically held Yin Xiaohua in her arms, gazing at that soft pink cheeks, anyone would find it utterly adorable.
So cute, with such sweet words, she couldn’t believe this wasn’t her granddaughter!
Bai Lanwu walked out of the house, seeing her sister holding such a cute little thing in her arms, she felt somewhat envious, but still felt all too fantastical; her daughter never had any children, how could she have her own flesh and blood.
“Wow! Maternal grandma, I’m Little Hua Hua.”
Upon hearing the word ‘maternal grandma’, Bai Lanwu’s steps paused, and she was momentarily stunned, as if struck by an electric current, her entire body tingling; not to mention Bai Peiluan couldn’t resist, Bai Lanwu found herself utterly defenseless.
Compared to the others, Mo Yinhe jumped out of the car, looking much colder.
The cool little boy, with thin cold lips, lifted his eyes to survey the villa, his deep little eyes suddenly dimmed, why had he never been to this villa before, yet felt as if he had lived in it for a long time?
This feeling is just too strange!
###Chapter 997: Chapter 997: If you don’t recruit thoroughly, severe punishment awaits!
Mo Yinhe bypassed the earnestly cute-acting Yin Xiaohua, taking small, cool strides with a “keep away” demeanor into the villa.
In the room, Song Chuanqi and Ye Baixiu were both seated on the sofa.
As Mo Yinhe walked through the entrance hall, he saw Ye Baixiu sitting on the sofa, his pace halted for a few seconds before he continued walking up to Ye Baixiu, eye to eye, and after pursing his little mouth hesitantly for a while, he blurted out, “Grandpa?”
Why did these two words involuntarily pop out of his mouth? These were definitely not what he intended to say; it was his mouth acting on its own!
Mo Yinhe felt annoyed, feeling like he’d lost all control.
“Too… too much like Junqing when he was a kid!”
Despite his severe expression, warmth flooded Ye Baixiu’s eyes as he reached out and pulled Mo Yinhe into his embrace. Since the paternity test was not fake, this was indeed his biological grandson. Suddenly gaining such a big grandson felt like a pie had fallen from the sky for Ye Baixiu.
“Wow! Grandpa! Wow! Grandfather!”
The little Xiaohua, carried by Bai Peiluan into the house, was brimming with enthusiasm for everyone she saw, her milky voice unbelievably sweet.
Song Chuanqi, who didn’t feel much upon seeing Mo Yinhe, couldn’t help himself when he saw the mini-version of Yin Xiaohua. How could this child look so much like his daughter if she weren’t his daughter’s offspring?
“Come here, let me hold you.”
Bai Peiluan set little Xiaohua down on the floor, and immediately, Xiaohua dashed toward Song Chuanqi, “Grandfather! I’m little Xiaohua!”
The little Xiaohua, rushing into Song Chuanqi’s arms, planted a big kiss on his face, her cute and sweet look nearly conquering his heart. Regardless of how this child came into their lives, Song Chuanqi didn’t want to let her go.
Forget how she got here; acknowledge her first, then figure it out!
Perhaps the two had already hatched eggs and created two children long ago, keeping it a secret from them all this time!
The room seemed filled with life because of the children.
Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan rushed to slice fruit and grab candy, bringing all sorts of tasty treats over.
“Mom, they can’t eat anymore. They already ate a lot at the state banquet; eating more will cause indigestion tonight.”
Ye Xingguang walked in, stopping little Xiaohua from continuing to gorge on snacks.
Little Xiaohua patted her round little belly, “Grandma, Grandmother, I can eat tomorrow, I can eat anything tomorrow.”
“Tell Grandmother what you want to eat tomorrow, and I’ll prepare it for you.”
Thinking back on the chicken legs she had tonight, little Xiaohua smacked her lips, “Chicken legs, French fries, they’re all so yummy! Chocolate too! And cotton candy, super yummy!!!”
“Grandmother will make it for you tomorrow, will buy it for you.”
She wished she could buy all the delicacies of the world for her.noveldrama
Meanwhile, Mo Yinhe, already resigned, said, “Yin Xiaohua, you pig.”
“Hmph, you’re a pig too, you ate three chicken legs tonight!” Yin Xiaohua’s observational skills were particularly strong.
Mo Yinhe: “…”
At this moment, the sound of a car engine stopping came from outside the house. One by one, the cars parked. The first to get out was the family of Ye Shiting, followed closely by Tang Zhou and others…
Everyone was filled with curiosity, eager to hear Ye Junqing’s explanation about the origin of the children!
Tonight, there must be an in-depth investigation.
Unless there’s a full confession, severe punishment awaits!
Ye Junqing, seeing everyone entering the house, casting surreptitious glances at him, stepped forward and walked into the study.
The others followed suit, even Ye Xingguang left the children behind and slipped into Ye Junqing’s study, wanting to hear a reasonable explanation from him. When had she and he ever made children together in the past?
###Chapter 998: Chapter 998: Killing Without Blinking an Eye
Ye Junqing sat on the sofa, lost in thought for quite some time before finally throwing out a question: “Has any of you ever felt like you’ve been reborn, or do any of you know someone who thinks they’ve been reborn?”
“Qingge, don’t change the subject, you’re the only one here who thinks you’ve been reborn!” Tang Zhou was even already splitting sunflower seeds!
He bought three big bags of sunflower seeds, opened them all up, and handed out a handful to each person. Then, everyone sat on the sofa cracking seeds, quite the scene…
Ye Junqing gave Tang Zhou a disdainful look, really wanting to tell him that Leng Chenmo, in fact, was reborn. But he wasn’t sure if Leng Chenmo wanted Tang Zhou to know, so Ye Junqing held his tongue, opting to speak only of himself.
He claimed that he was reborn, that in his past life he had a poor relationship with Ye Xingguang, yet he also had a memory where he was very close to Ye Xingguang, and they had a son and a daughter—Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua were those children.
“Qingge, if you keep making stuff up, your brothers really will have to resort to torture. Can’t we be more honest?” Ji Qishu couldn’t stand it any longer. Did he think they were all fools?
Leaning back against the sofa, Ye Junqing boldly threw out another statement: “Maybe, this entire world is fake!”
Tang Zhou said to Mo Fei, “Mo Fei, hit him! He refuses to tell the truth and considers all of us fools!”
After that, he turned to Ye Xingguang and said, “Little Xingguang, tell me, when exactly did you and my Qingge begin your secret romance?”noveldrama
“I have never had children.”
“Then how did these two little treasures come to be? Could they have been created from hatching eggs?”
Ye Xingguang, slightly embarrassed, said, “The thing is, I’ve never donated eggs either. Plus, there’s a sacred tree in the underwater empire. That damn tree showed me a story of me and Junqing having a pair of children together, leaving me completely baffled. Qing, you said this world is fake—what do you mean by that? How could the world I’ve lived in for over twenty years possibly be fake?”
The question should be directed at Li Yu, but that sly fox won’t reveal any more to us.
He also didn’t want to look like an idiot, calling Li Yu over and over to ask questions, appearing utterly foolish!
While a group of people were holding a tribunal in the study, Mo Yinhe found himself outside the door, ears pressed against it, listening intently. As he listened, his usually stoic eyes narrowed, as if some secret had been unearthed, and danger along with a murderous intent filled the air.
“Mo Yinhe.” Ye Qinghan came over to find Mo Yinhe to play: “Do you like playing games?”
Mo Yinhe concealed the chill emanating from his body: “What kind of game?”
Ye Qinghan approached him, tugging excitedly, and took hold of Mo Yinhe’s little hands: “Come on, let’s play together. Once you play, you’ll know.”
Mo Yinhe actually still wanted to eavesdrop, but Ye Qinghan was pulling his little hands, and his enthusiastic expression made it difficult to refuse.
The two kids went down to the living room to play mobile games. Ye Qinghan borrowed Grandpa’s phone, downloaded a game for Mo Yinhe, registered a game account for him, and handed over the phone: “This is super fun, I’ll show you how to play.”
Mo Yinhe took the phone, read through the game’s rules, and then began a killing spree with Ye Qinghan in the game.
Since Ye Qinghan was still in kindergarten, his skills weren’t all that great, but Mo Yinhe had never played before. Confidently, Ye Qinghan believed he could impress Mo Yinhe. Little did he know, in just over ten minutes, Mo Yinhe was hacking his way through, and Ye Qinghan was left to just pick up the loot.
They joined a team, and although both were considered newbies, who knew that Mo Yinhe would turn out to be a dark horse? The team’s pros started following his lead, all shouting “Boss” to him in the game. What kind of divine player was this? Killing without batting an eye, and on a brand-new account!
Could it be that some gaming pro registered a new account?
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here. More updates tomorrow, plea for monthly tickets and recommendation votes, muah!]
###Chapter 999: Chapter 999: Why Does He Feel Scorned?
However, Mo Yinhe’s level was too low, and low-level players faced many restrictions regarding weapons. Once Mo Yinhe felt dissatisfied with the limitations, he questioned why he should follow the rules. Setting his phone aside, he began tinkering with his communication ring.
Sitting on the sofa, Mo Yinhe enlarged the holographic screen of the communication ring to the size of a computer screen. He then accessed the official website of the game and, with his quick fingers dancing on the virtual keyboard, soon hacked into the game server.
Ye Qinghan, sitting next to Mo Yinhe, was completely stunned by the spectacle, marveling at this miraculous feat.
After hacking into the server, Mo Yinhe bypassed the official administrator’s authentication and upgraded his new game account to the “Invincible War God” tier, a prestigious level awarded only to the top five hundred players globally.
Standing beside him and feeling like he’s stepping into a new world, Ye Qinghan exclaimed: “!!!!”
“Do you want to upgrade your rank as well?” Mo Yinhe asked Ye Qinghan who was admiringly looking at him, after sorting out his own game account.
Ye Qinghan energetically waved his hands: “Yes, yes, yes!”
“Call me ‘Brother’.”
“Brother!”
Thus, a minute later, Ye Qinghan’s rookie game account was directly upgraded to the Invincible War God tier.
Then, the two gaming pros continued playing the game, teamed up anew, and played so well that they were both exhilaratingly revitalized!noveldrama
Upstairs, everyone had been at a meeting which hadn’t concluded even as it grew late, resulting in everyone yawning and dispersing downstairs.
After coming downstairs, Ye Shiting went over to the sofa, picked up his son, and was about to take him back to the President’s residence. Ever since becoming President, their family had been living in the President’s residence. However, now that Ye Qinghan had become a devoted follower of Mo Yinhe, he firmly refused to leave.
“Dad, I want to stay and sleep with my brother tonight.”
“Who is your brother?” Ye Shiting asked his son.
Ye Qinghan pointed at the gaming genius next to him, Mo Yinhe: “I want to sleep with my brother tonight.”
Bai Peiluan came over with some snacks: “Let Qinghan sleep with Yinhe. They are cousins, it should be fine if they sleep together. Cousins should interact more to build affection. Tomorrow morning, I’ll have the driver take him to school.”
Relieved of the responsibility to take care of his child for the night, Ye Shiting couldn’t ask for more. However, before leaving, he specifically instructed Ye Qinghan: “Yinhe has come from afar; you should be considerate of him, and go to bed early tonight.”
“I know, I know,”
Ye Qinghan was thrilled. Tonight, they could play games all night long without anyone to interfere.
Ye Xingguang took Yin Xiaohua to bathe, washing her nicely and placing her on the big bed. He too took a bath and lay beside Yin Xiaohua on the bed, telling her bedtime stories.
Ye Junqing took care of bathing the two boys. After bathing them, he instructed them to go to bed early and then he turned off the lights and returned to the master bedroom.
But as soon as Ye Junqing left, Ye Qinghan pulled out his phone, wanting to continue playing. Playing with such an advanced account was extraordinarily thrilling; why hadn’t he met Mo Yinhe sooner?
The two brothers lay in bed, and Ye Qinghan asked, “Brother, how are you so skilled?”
Mo Yinhe pursed his lips, sounding dismissive: “This kind of child’s play…”
Ye Qinghan: “!!!!”
He felt somewhat slighted.
But this was the hottest game globally, not just something that only five or six-year-old kids enjoyed. Adults loved playing it too, so how could it be called child’s play?
###Chapter 1000: Chapter 1000: Let’s Teach Her a Lesson!
Mo Yinhe put away his phone, looking at his own younger fanboy: “Want to play something more thrilling?”
“Yes!” Ye Qinghan answered without a second thought.
Mo Yinhe played with his communication ring: “Then I’ll take you on a thrilling ride! Do you know a woman named Xia Yanyan?”
How could Ye Qinghan not know: “She’s my maternal aunt.”
“Oh, your maternal aunt?” Mo Yinhe narrowed his eyes.
“But I really hate her, my mom said she adores Xiao Jun, wants to monopolize him, and almost caused my dad to lose his chance at being the President. My mom has stopped talking to her.” Ye Qinghan said with an excited face.
Mo Yinhe typed on a holographic keyboard, and soon, the image of Xia Yanyan appeared.
At this moment, Xia Yanyan was at home applying a face mask, lying on her bedroom bed, applying the mask while complaining on the phone with Ye Li,noveldrama
and asking Ye Li to find someone to obtain a blood sample from Ye Xingguang, as she wanted to conduct a paternity test for Ye Xingguang and her parents.
Ye Li: “Sister Xia, do you still doubt that Ye Xingguang is your little sister? After the award ceremony last time, when Ye Xingguang jumped into the fountain pool, didn’t she not grow a tail? She’s not a mermaid.”
Xia Yanyan was furious: “Who knows what method she used to blind everyone’s eyes! That sea queen Muya Jiushu, looks so much like Ye Xingguang and is a mermaid, surely one of them in public is fake, and one is real, I must get to the bottom of this. I, Xia Yanyan, will not be wronged silently, splashed with mud and have my reputation trampled, go handle it, find someone to kidnap Ye Xingguang or that crappy underwater country’s queen. I must clarify this matter.”
Ye Li felt that Xia Yanyan must have gone mad, kidnapping a country’s queen, who would dare do such a thing, isn’t that suicidal?
“Sister Xia, I think you need to calm down.” Ye Li even wanted to resign, as she didn’t want to seek death.
“You! Go abroad to hire mercenaries for me! Isn’t there a powerful group of mercenaries called Fire Opal? Hire mercenaries like Fire Opal, tell them no matter how much money it costs, just to get me the paternity test sample.”
Ye Qinghan lay in bed, grabbing the blanket, clenching his little fists: “My mom was right, this maternal aunt has wicked intentions, she’s so bad! She even held me before, I need to go wash myself three times more.”
Mo Yinhe squinted his eyes: “Let’s teach her a lesson!”
Before tonight’s state banquet, seeing this woman being stopped yet still acting arrogant, Mo Yinhe just wanted to teach her a lesson, blaming his recent leniency for the wait.
At Xia’s Family, after hearing Ye Li’s words, Xia Yanyan was fuming mad: “What do you mean by that? Do you still want to work or not? Let me tell you, don’t think that just because Xia’s Family has recently fallen into a PR crisis, we are much worse off. People are the most forgetful, once things calm down, I, Xia Yanyan, will still be the national treasure cherished by everyone!”
After saying that, Xia Yanyan ended the call, angrily throwing her phone onto the bed!
After applying the face mask, Xia Yanyan lay in bed, still unable to calm her mind.
Tossing and turning, when she was unable to sleep at all, she suddenly heard noises from downstairs. Before she could complain about the noise, suddenly someone kicked open her bedroom door, startling Xia Yanyan, who quickly clutched the blanket tightly.
Seeing several strangers enter, Xia Yanyan’s expression turned fierce: “Who are you, what do you want, who let you in? Get out!”
###Chapter 1001: Chapter 1001: Ah——Who did this?
But the two men and two women who walked in simply ignored Xia Yanyan’s words. After striding in, they directly asked her, “Are you Xia Yanyan?”
Xia Yanyan yelled, “I’m a national treasure! You don’t even recognize me? Get out! Otherwise, I won’t be polite!”
“Hmm… It’s good that you are Xia Yanyan.”
The speaker was a man, who after confirming Xia Yanyan’s identity, waved his hand decisively: “Brothers and sisters, get to work.”
“Hey, what are you doing, what do you want to do, let go of me, let me go!”
Regrettably, no one paid attention to her, and someone, annoyed by her noise, knocked her out directly.
Xia Yanyan only felt darkness before her eyes, and then she passed out.
When she regained consciousness, she was still lying in her own room, her pajamas intact and untouched, making Xia Yanyan stunned for a moment. She remembered someone breaking into her room; could it have just been a dream?
It was indeed a nightmare; Xia Yanyan patted her chest and let out a sigh of relief.
Day had already broken, and after sleeping a while longer, she got up and went to the restroom to wash up.
Less than three seconds after entering the restroom, a shrill scream came from inside: “Ah——————”
Xia Yanyan stared at her own face. From her forehead to both sides of her face, there were characters.
On the forehead was the character “I”.
On the left side of the face two characters: Beautiful woman.
On the right side of the face two characters: Ugly heart.
“Ah————who did this?”
Xia Yanyan turned on the tap and desperately washed her face, but these characters just wouldn’t come off.
Xia Yanyan screamed and ran out of her room, “Dad, Mom!”
At that moment, Wang Zimei was crying in the living room, and Xia Wealth was fuming with rage: “Stop crying, I have already called someone over to wash it off for you, it will definitely come off, keep quiet for now, I’m so annoyed!”
Only when Xia Yanyan came downstairs did she realize that there were also characters on her parents’ faces.
The characters on her mother’s face read: I annihilate humanity;
The characters on Xia Wealth’s face read: I put interest first.
Xia Yanyan screamed, “Dad, Mom, what happened? What is going on? My face!”
Upon seeing her daughter’s face, Wang Zimei cried even harder, she too wanted to know what happened. Last night they were sleeping soundly until suddenly someone broke into the house and knocked her out. When she woke up, she found characters tattooed on her face; how could she face anyone now?
When Xia Ye Zhao got the call and rushed back, the doctor was already at the Xia’s Family, examining the characters on the faces of the family of three.
In the end, the doctor shook his head: “Mr. Xia, once the tattoo is applied, it’s very difficult to clean off, and if you want to clear it quickly, skin grafting is required. If you don’t want to cut off your skin, then you’ll have to prepare for a long time cleaning it with several treatment sessions. It might take about a year.”
Xia Yanyan couldn’t believe it, “What are you saying, you want me to live with this face for a year? How am I supposed to meet people?”
The doctor was also helpless: “Sorry, Miss Xia, my abilities are limited, otherwise, you might want to seek someone more skilled?”
After saying that, the doctor packed up his medical kit and was ready to leave.
“Brother, what should I do, what can I do?” Xia Yanyan cried, clinging to Xia Ye Zhao’s arm.noveldrama
“What exactly happened, why would someone carve words on our faces just like that?”
Seeing his own family in such a state, Xia Ye Zhao couldn’t just stand by; furious, he called over the family’s bodyguards.
The bodyguard said, last night suddenly nearly a hundred people burst in, not only were their movements coordinated, but their combat ability was formidable. Outnumbered and outmatched, they simply couldn’t stop the intruders. Those people came arrogantly and left just as arrogantly, without a trace or shadow, and they had already checked the surveillance along the way and couldn’t trace where they went.
###Chapter 1002: Chapter 1002: Don’t worry, I will always be with you
Xia Yanyan screamed, “It’s Ye Xingguang! It must be Ye Xingguang! She’s retaliating against us! She has broken into our house more than once! Before, she came alone, but now, she has hired others to come! She won’t stop until she has us all dead!”
“Yanyan, calm down, don’t jump to conclusions without evidence. Xingguang is not that kind of person.”
Our little sister can sometimes be very impulsive, when slighted, she would directly rush home and throw a tantrum, but her actions have always been primarily about self-preservation.
“You’re still defending her! To this day you are still defending her! She wants to drive our whole family to death! She is Qiongqiong, she harbors resentment, she came for vengeance! She wants us all to go to hell!”
Xia Yanyan couldn’t control her agitation, “Dad, Mom, think about it, how could the Queen of the Undersea World look exactly like Ye Xingguang? There can only be one truth to this matter, they are the same person, Ye Xingguang, she is the Queen of the Undersea World, otherwise, my elder brother wouldn’t have arrived just in time when I was bullied in the undersea world!”
Wang Zimei jumped up, “I’m going to find her, that damned girl, I am her birth mother, and she harbors such resentment, even against me…”
“Mom! Enough! You’re pinning everything on her before anything’s been clarified, it’s attitudes like yours that have escalated the situation to where it is today!” Xia Ye Zhao’s voice was deep as water.
Wang Zimei was crying so hard it was as though she was calling to heaven, “With my face ruined like this, I can’t even show my face anymore, and it’s my fault? You, you, you… You’re not my son, you don’t have the heart…”
With a loud bang, Xia Wealth slammed his teacup onto the ground, “Shut your mouth!”
The teacup shattered right at Wang Zimei’s feet, causing her to flinch and only then did she realize what she had said.
The noisy living room suddenly became so quiet that one could hear a pin drop.
Xia Ye Zhao looked at Wang Zimei, “Mom, what did you say?”
Wang Zimei, annoyed at her own slip of the tongue, immediately corrected herself and said in desperation, “I said, were you even born by me? With my face made a mess like this, and still you side with outsiders, do you even acknowledge that you’re my own flesh and blood? Is this how you treat your mother?”
Xia Ye Zhao’s gaze was profound as he looked at Wang Zimei, feeling that his mother must have been truly muddled by anger to say such things, he pressed his brow, “I will investigate who exactly broke into the house last night, and I will invite a better doctor to come and remove the tattoos. The doctor earlier probably wasn’t skilled enough, and we can’t just listen to one side of the story.”
Having said that, Xia Ye Zhao left the room and stood in the yard, calling his friends to inquire where he could find a good tattoo artist.noveldrama
Thankfully it’s just a tattoo, it should be removable, it’s just a matter of time.
After making several calls with no luck in finding a good doctor, Chang Danran called.
After hearing about the situation, Chang Danran said over the phone, “I have a friend who’s a medical expert and knows a professional tattoo removal specialist with excellent results. I’ll get my friend’s number and tell you later.”
“Mhm.” Xia Ye Zhao’s voice sounded somewhat weary.
Chang Danran knew that the Xia Corporation had been repeatedly hit by negative news recently, and Xia Ye Zhao had been tirelessly working to mitigate the company’s losses, which filled her with sympathy, “Don’t worry, I’ll be with you through it all.”
[Author’s note: That’s the update for today; updates will continue tomorrow. Please vote for monthly tickets and recommend the story, kisses!]
###Chapter 1003: Chapter 1003: Bro, Congratulations on Winning the Beauty’s Heart
Xia Ye Zhao seemed not to have heard what Chang Danran was saying on the other end of the phone; her expression slightly stunned and her gaze unconsciously softened. “What did you just say? I didn’t catch it. Can you say it again?”
Chang Danran felt like rolling her eyes; she simply didn’t believe that Xia Ye Zhao hadn’t heard her clearly, but she was willing to repeat it: “I said don’t worry, I will always be with you.”
“For a lifetime?” Xia Ye Zhao felt as though she was hit by happiness.
Chang Danran brushed her bangs; she had been forced to live with Xia Ye Zhao during this period, which seemed coercive, but how could her heart not be willing? The life of a family of three filled her with a sense of beauty and she didn’t want it to end at all.
“Mhm.” Her voice was very soft.
“Louder.”
“That’s enough from you.” She was somewhat embarrassed.
Xia Ye Zhao laughed, as if a spring breeze blew through the layers of dark clouds, unwittingly making one’s mood inexplicably pleasant: “So when are you going to divorce Bo Jingyu? When can you become Mrs. Xia?”
It was quite cold today, with little snowflakes drifting down from the sky. Chang Danran looked up, one hand tucked in the pocket of her down jacket, as she walked and spoke: “Next week, I guess. I’ll make a trip back to T city and proceed with the divorce with my senior.”
Ye Xingguang also noticed it was snowing. She stood in the yard admiring the snowflakes, and with her keen hearing, happened to overhear Chang Danran’s words; she excitedly said: “Dr. Chang, you’re going to divorce Dr. Bo? That’s great, my brother has a chance to escape singlehood.”
Chang Danran was the private physician that Ye Xingguang had hired for her father. Over these past months, Chang Danran would come to the Ye’s Family every day to take care of Song Chuanqi’s health, and today was no exception. Hearing Ye Xingguang’s voice, she suddenly felt a bit embarrassed.
“Of course, give the phone to Xingguang.” Xia Ye Zhao said.
Chang Danran handed the phone to Ye Xingguang: “Your brother wants to speak with you.”
“Oh.”
Ye Xingguang took the phone with a joyful mood: “Bro, congratulations on winning a beauty.”
Probably only his little sister sincerely wished for him and Danran to be together, Xia Ye Zhao felt gratified but also couldn’t help but smile bitterly.
“Xingguang, did you send someone into our house last night?”
“Why are you asking this? Why would I send someone to sneak into Xia’s Family? Am I so bored?”
Ye Xingguang said no, so Xia Ye Zhao did not pursue it further, trusting his sister. “It’s nothing. Enjoy your day. I have things to deal with over here, so I’m hanging up now.”
“Mhm, mhm.”
After hanging up the phone, Ye Xingguang returned the phone to Chang Danran and heartily congratulated her, “By the way, Dr. Chang, come inside with me. I’ll introduce you to a medicine that’s particularly effective for treating Xiaoman’s condition. You can buy it yourself and try it for Xiaoman.”
Chang Danran was surprised: “What medicine?”noveldrama
That morning, Ye Junqing had specifically bought ten bottles from the vampire tribe’s elder who produced medicines. Ye Xingguang took a bottle out for Chang Danran: “This is the medicine. If Xiaoman has an episode, give him two pills, and it takes effect in five minutes.”
Chang Danran, being a doctor, noticed from the instruction manual that this medication was only for treating porphyria.
Chang Danran was not very certain: “I’ve also given Xiaoman plenty of medications for porphyria, but they haven’t been very effective. Are you sure this manufacturer’s product works?”
“Trust me, it’s the right one. Just buy from this manufacturer, don’t buy any others.”
“Hongda Pharmaceutical Factory? This pharmaceutical factory is indeed quite well-known. I’ll keep it and try out its efficacy first.”
“Yeah, use it with peace of mind, it definitely won’t let Xiaoman suffer like that again.”
###Chapter 1004: Chapter 1004: I Want to Post the Video on Weibo
Upstairs, Mo Yinhe and Ye Qinghan had just gotten out of bed. After stretching, Ye Qinghan couldn’t wait to wake Mo Yinhe up.
“Bro! Quick, let’s continue the game from last night. I want to see that bad aunt’s face again!”
Last night, after seeing the bad aunt’s face get inked with a tattoo through the holographic screen, Ye Qinghan felt so satisfied. Even the words to be tattooed were discussed and decided by the two little rascals together.
Mo Yinhe stretched, opened his communication ring, operated on the virtual keyboard for a while, and then the Xia Family’s current scene appeared, just like surveillance.
With a face that says “I’m pretty on the outside but ugly on the inside,” Xia Yanyan sat in the living room, crying furiously while applying thick layers of luxury cover cream, trying to completely conceal the tattoo.
Xia Yanyan had bought a luxury brand cover cream with excellent concealing effects. After struggling for a while, she finally managed to conceal the character for “I” on her forehead, which brought a bit of solace to her despair. Xia Yanyan then continued to apply cream over the other characters on her cheeks…
Mo Yinhe pursed his lips. He had planned for everything but hadn’t considered a woman’s cover cream.
With a snort, Mo Yinhe then brought up the footage of Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth.
The two of them were in the bedroom, with Xia Wealth berating Wang Zimei: “What did you just blurt out in front of our son? Have you lost your mind, spouting such things without thinking? If our son finds out he’s not our biological child, I’ll kill you!”
Wang Zimei didn’t need Xia Wealth to hit her; she slapped her own mouth in fright and said with trepidation: “I, I, I was just angered into being rash. Luckily, our son didn’t get suspicious. But, what about my face?”
“What about it, what about it? All you know is to cry. Can crying solve anything?”
Xia Wealth stared at Wang Zimei’s face with growing disdain and finally turned his head away.
“Oh my, oh my, oh my!!! What did Crown Prince say? Bro, did Crown Prince just say that my cousin isn’t his biological son?”
Mo Yinhe replied nonchalantly, “Yeah, I guess so.”
“I’m going to tell my cousin!!!”
Mo Yinhe didn’t care: “Suit yourself.”
Ye Qinghan grabbed his phone from the pillow and started looking for his cousin’s number. Mo Yinhe lay beside him: “Are you dumb? If you call and tell your cousin, do you think he’d believe you?”noveldrama
“Then what should I do?”
“Just wait.”
Mo Yinhe continued to control the virtual keyboard, his fingers dancing across it. He then said, “I’ve sent you that video clip. Just send it to your cousin. That way you’ve got proof, understand? Use your brain when you do things.”
The usually arrogant little Crown Prince Ye Qinghan wasn’t the slightest bit angry at being scolded for being brainless. He was completely won over by Mo Yinhe and decided to follow him from now on.
“Bro, you’re so right!”
Ye Qinghan stopped making the call, suddenly having a better idea: “I’m going to post the video on Weibo. I have a verified account with tons of followers. I want all my followers to see Crown Prince and Auntie’s faces!”
Ye Qinghan followed through immediately. After posting, he jumped out of bed to wash up and brush his teeth, as today was still a day to go to kindergarten.
“Bro, which kindergarten are you attending?”
“I run a company.” Mo Yinhe said while washing up next to Ye Qinghan.
Ye Qinghan: “”
Mo Yinhe: “You wouldn’t understand even if I told you.”
Little Ye Qinghan felt like he had just received ten thousand points of insult!
###Chapter 1005: Chapter 1005: Please Call Me the Incarnation of Justice!
Ye Junqing was having breakfast in the dining room downstairs, with his wife and daughter sitting beside him. Little Huahua was being held by Bai Lanwu on her lap, and Bai Peiluan was feeding her tofu brain, treating her like a princess, leaving Ye Xingguang without a chance to feed his daughter even a single bite.
She was enjoying her carefree moment, as she had a bilateral negotiation meeting to attend this morning to discuss the details of establishing diplomatic relations between the two countries, so she needed to return to the government residence after eating.
While eating her tofu brain, Ye Xingguang was checking Weibo, curious about netizens’ opinions on the establishment of diplomatic ties between the two countries, but unexpectedly came across a video posted by little Ye Qinghan.
When she opened the video, it was a conversation between Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth.
Hearing Xia Wealth say, “What did you just say in front of our son? Are you out of your mind? Spouting such things without thinking – if our son knew he’s not our biological child, I’d kill you!”
Ye Xingguang was stunned for a moment, as if she hadn’t heard clearly, and replayed the video twice.
As Ye Junqing was sitting next to her enjoying his breakfast, he naturally overheard the conversation between Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth in the video.
Unable to help himself, Ye Junqing raised an eyebrow, “Xia Ye Zhao isn’t their biological son? Who posted this? How could they record such an obvious bedroom conversation? Did someone install a hidden camera in their house?”
Ye Xingguang looked up and saw Ye Qinghan walking into the dining room with his best buddy, Mo Yinhe, “It was posted by your nephew.”
The kid Ye Qinghan swaggered over, “Xiao Jun, my uncle has been deceived, huh! Please call me the embodiment of justice!”
“Little Hanhan, where did you get this video from?”
Ye Xingguang was too shocked. If her elder brother wasn’t born to those heartless parents, then he won’t be her real elder brother, and she doesn’t want her brother to suddenly become unrelated to her; the impact would be too great for her.
“Isn’t the content the main point?” the kid Ye Qinghan rolled his eyes.
Bai Lanwu, who was sitting beside her granddaughter, butted in, “Really? I’ve always felt that your brother is upright, different from the rest of the Xia’s Family, perhaps he didn’t inherit their genes, maybe you aren’t either. There are no parents in this world cruel enough to treat their own flesh and blood like that. You and your brother do seem like biological siblings.”
“Mom, do you really think so?” Ye Xingguang was excited.
Bai Lanwu spoke candidly, “The two of you do seem alike temperament-wise, but I’m just speaking off the top of my head.”
“I feel the same way,” agreed Ye Junqing.
Ye Xingguang: “I’ve always thought so too, only my elder brother cared about me, no one else did!!!”noveldrama
If only Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth weren’t her biological parents, her biggest resentment in life was why she had to be the flesh and blood of those two. Thinking it over, she stood up, “I’m going to do a paternity test with them!”
“I’ll make the arrangements, send this video to Xia Ye first, let him get the specimens for the paternity test.”
“Okay.”
Such a big issue, she must tell her elder brother.
Xia Ye was having people check all the surveillance to figure out who broke into their home last night, and after sorting things out, he called the tattoo removal specialist recommended by Chang Danran to see if it’s possible to remove the tattoos on his parents and sister’s faces.
Just after he made arrangements with the doctor, Ye Xingguang sent the video to his WeChat.
Xia Ye didn’t know what his little sister had sent him, and when he opened it…
###Chapter 1006: Chapter 1006: Does He Plan to Abandon Us?
At the same time, Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth were just coming down from upstairs, and as Xia Ye Zhao opened the video, their voices came through from the phone, leaving the couple stunned as they rushed over to turn it off.
The shock on Xia Ye Zhao’s face was no less than when Ye Junqing first told him he had a son named Xiaoman, so he listened again.noveldrama
“This isn’t true, son, it’s not like this, listen to me, someone must be deliberately driving a wedge between our mother-son relationship,” Wang Zimei rushed over shouting.
Xia Ye Zhao looked at Wang Zimei in disbelief, then handed her the phone and asked, “Mom, are these your words?”
“No, it’s not me, son you have to believe me, you are my biological son, I gave birth to you!”
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t say a word, staggered back a step, looking at his mother whom he knew for years, then at his father for a long while as if unable to accept it, then turned around and walked out swiftly.
“Ye Zhao, Ye Zhao, where are you going, come back, you really are mom’s biological child, come back.”
Wang Zimei rushed after him, fearing that her son would leave and never come back home again!
Xia Wealth also chased after him: “Xia Ye Zhao, stop right there!”
Xia Ye Zhao ignored the calls, opened the car door, got inside, he needed some quiet space, he couldn’t believe that the parents who raised him were not his biological parents, then who was he? Who were his real parents?
Watching Xia Ye Zhao driving away quickly, Wang Zimei fell to the grass in the yard, bawling, “Ye Zhao, come back, come back, husband, husband, what should we do now, quickly chase after Ye Zhao, he’s my son, my raised son! What does it mean that he’s leaving now, does he plan to abandon us?”
Xia Wealth staggered…
Ye Xingguang, in her capacity as Muya Jiushu, was on a state visit, signing a series of diplomatic treaties with Ye Shiting, under the media’s cameras, the two shook hands warmly, marking the official start of friendly relations between the two countries.
Busy from morning until after five o’clock in the afternoon, she finally managed to take a break, alone, she drove to find her elder brother, Xia Ye Zhao.
After calming down for a day, when Xia Ye Zhao received a call from Ye Xingguang, he was picking up Xiaoman from Angel Kindergarten.
Throughout the day, probably only picking up Xiaoman, seeing him walking out of the kindergarten with his little backpack alongside little Zhenxi, could bring tranquility to his heart.
“Bye bye, Manman.” Seeing Ye Tingnan, little Zhenxi ran towards her mother.
“Bye bye.”
Xiaoman also wobbled towards Xia Ye Zhao, “Dad, how come you’re the one picking me up today?”
“Were you well-behaved at school today? Daddy will take you to eat something delicious, what do you want to eat?”
“Anything is okay?”
Xia Ye Zhao lifted Xiaoman into his arms, holding him, finally feeling the reassuring connection of blood, otherwise he had felt emptily unsure all day about whether he had any blood relatives in this world.
Xia Ye Zhao rubbed his son’s head: “Anything is okay.”
“Great, I want to eat a Michelin cake.”
When Ye Xingguang arrived at the Michelin restaurant, Xiaoman had already finished two pieces of small cake, and at that moment, he was exploring other delicacies. Xia Ye Zhao didn’t eat much, sitting beside drinking coffee, watching his son’s satisfied little mouth, occasionally wiping it with a napkin.
“Brother.” Ye Xingguang came over and pulled up a chair next to him: “Are you alright?”
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, will continue tomorrow, seeking monthly tickets, seeking recommendation tickets. Mwah]
###Chapter 1007: Chapter 1008: I Want to Do a Paternity Test with Ye Zhao!
Xia Ye Zhao forced a strained smile on his lips but said nothing.
“Brother, do you want me to help you check this out, get a paternity test with them?”
“And then what?”
“To see if they’re your biological parents. If they’re not, you can cut ties with them!”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang desperately wanted Xia Ye Zhao to cut ties with them immediately, but Xia Ye Zhao said, “Your adoptive parents raised you for so many years, would you sever ties with them just because you’re not related by blood?”
“Of course not, my situation is completely different from yours.”
“How is it different?” Xia Ye Zhao looked at Ye Xingguang.
Ye Xingguang wanted to say how good her adoptive parents had been to her, but instead, she bit her lower lip. Although her birth parents hadn’t been kind to her, they had been faultless towards her elder brother. Moreover, her brother was someone who particularly valued family ties.
Ye Xingguang was disheartened, pondering over and over: “Big brother, help me get their DNA samples. You don’t want to do a paternity test, but I do. Maybe I’m not their child either, otherwise they wouldn’t treat me this way. If it turns out I’m not, then I’ll stop blaming them for abandoning me, and they’ll just be strangers to me!”
“Yes.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
“A few months ago, I had a paternity test done for all of us.”
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!”
This is so unpleasant! Not in the least bit!
Suddenly, Ye Xingguang also felt overwhelmed with depression. Could it mean that her brother was not related to her by blood? She suddenly felt heartbroken.
Meanwhile, Xia Ye Zhao’s phone rang. Ye Xingguang glanced at the phone on the table, which displayed “Sister” flashing across the screen. If it wasn’t her who was calling, then it must be Xia Yanyan.
Xia Ye Zhao glanced at it and did not answer.
But the phone kept ringing.
By the fourth ring, not wanting to disturb the other diners in the restaurant, Xia Ye Zhao picked up the call.
“Bro? Where are you? It’s chaos at home; you need to come back.”
“What now?” Xia Ye Zhao’s voice was filled with weariness.
“Uncle stormed into the house, confronting mom and dad, asking if you are his son. Now uncle and dad have come to blows, accusing dad of stealing his son to raise. Come back quickly, the house is in turmoil, I can’t stand it anymore. How could things turn out like this?”
Xia Ye Zhao frowned.
Ye Xingguang pricked up her ears and quietly listened. She could vaguely hear noise from the other end of the phone. What was going on? Why had uncle and aunt charged into the place, making a scene with her cruel parents? Ye Xingguang itched with curiosity. Could it be that her brother was actually the son of her uncle?
What kind of melodramatic plot was this?
Ye Xingguang’s spirits lifted. She had only a vague impression of her uncle, knowing only that he was very capable, the most capable among the three Xia brothers. In her childhood, her uncle had held her and bought her chocolate, and during festivals, he also gave her red envelopes, the same amount as Xia Yanyan…
“Alright, I got it.” Xia Ye Zhao ended the call.
“Bro, are you going to go back and check?”
Whether or not he was his uncle’s son was something Xia Ye Zhao needed to find out. He nodded, “I’ll go back and see.”
“Then you go. I’ll take care of Little Man. Once he’s full, I’ll take him home and hand him over to Dr. Chang.”
Xia Ye Zhao murmured an acknowledgment, gave a few instructions to Little Man, and then left.
…
Xia Ye Zhao hurried back home. Just as he was about to enter the villa, he heard his uncle Xia Changqiu’s thunderous voice: “How dare you deny it! Where is Ye Zhao? I want to do a paternity test with Ye Zhao!”
###Chapter 1008: Chapter 1008 Wang Zimei is Frantic
Wang Zimei jumped up and said: “Big brother, have you no shame? Are you obsessed with wanting a son? Xia Ye Zhao is my son, why should he take a paternity test with you? You can’t have your own son, so you want to steal my husband’s son. Get out, leave now!”
Xia Changqiu was furious: “You still dare to lie! Someone saw a video of you two on Weibo and called me, telling me that Qiu Yun had a son for me. Qiu Yun died during a difficult childbirth, and I thought both mother and child were deceased. Today, someone called and I found out that Qiu Yun actually delivered the child and entrusted someone to send the child to Xia’s Family before she died. But I never received my son, didn’t you just hide my son and later claim him as your own?”
Xia Ye Zhao stopped at the door. He knew the name Qiu Yun; she was his uncle’s ex-wife, who passed away due to complications during childbirth in their hometown, and it was said that the child died in utero…
“You you you, we have never seen your son, there is no such person!” Wang Zimei’s eyes were full of guilt.
“If there is no such person, what’s the deal with Xia Ye Zhao? Don’t think I can’t find out. Sister-in-law, you had a shaky pregnancy at five months and later said some master told you to recuperate in the countryside for two months. Afterwards, you and your husband went there to nurture the fetus, and gave birth prematurely at seven months. I see, you didn’t keep your child, did you? So you just decided to raise my son as your own, how very kind of you!”
Xia Changqiu was so angry that his neck turned red. He saw Xia Wealth sitting on the sofa, silently smoking and not speaking anymore. Xia Changqiu said: “You just wait, I’m going to get a paternity test with Xia Ye Zhao right now, I must see if Xia Ye Zhao is my son, or your son!”
Xia Changqiu strode towards the door and just as he reached it, he saw Xia Ye Zhao standing at the entrance steps.
Xia Changqiu abruptly stopped: “Nephew… Xia Ye Zhao.”
“Uncle.”
After a two-second pause, Xia Changqiu took two big steps forward, grabbed Xia Ye Zhao’s arm: “Come, let’s go for a paternity test with your uncle.”
“You can’t go, Xia Ye Zhao, you can’t!” Wang Zimei was frantic, rushing out to stop the two.
Xia Changqiu glared at Wang Zimei: “If he is not my son Xia Changqiu, why are you stopping him, guilty as a thief!”noveldrama
Wang Zimei ignored Xia Changqiu and hugged Xia Ye Zhao, saying: “Son, son, don’t go, mom doesn’t allow you to go!”
“Mom, am I really uncle’s son?” Xia Ye Zhao looked down at his emotionally agitated mother.
“No! No! No!”
“Then… getting a paternity test shouldn’t be a problem, why are you so agitated?” Xia Ye Zhao’s eyes grew even more intense.
Wang Zimei had no words to respond, but she kept holding onto Xia Ye Zhao, unwilling to let him go.
However, Xia Changqiu’s daughter, Xia Lin, walked in from outside and said, “Dad, there’s no need to go to the paternity test center, I’ve already invited Director Wang from the center over here. We can take samples on-site and get the answer in a few hours.”
Xia Lin acted quickly. Xia Lin always envied Xia Yanyan for having an affectionate big brother. If this cousin was her half-brother, she would be thrilled!
Her father had three brothers, and only her second uncle had a son. This had always been a bragging right for her second uncle and aunt. If her cousin turns out to be her father’s son, she wondered how her aunt would continue to boast about being the only one able to have a son!
###Chapter 1009: Chapter 1009: We Have a Son Now!
Wang Zimei was on the verge of insanity, pointing at Xia Lin’s nose and yelling, “You, you wretched girl, who let you into my house!”
“Auntie, don’t I even have the right to visit you and my uncle anymore?”
After dropping that remark, Xia Lin allowed the director from the paternity test center to take the samples for paternity testing; Wang Zimei wanted to stop them but couldn’t.
After Ye Xingguang brought Xiaoman back home, he handed Xiaoman over to Chang Danran and shared the news he knew with her.
“Ye Zhao is his great uncle’s son?” Chang Danran was shocked.
Ye Xingguang said, “It’s still uncertain. My eldest brother has gone home, but such news usually doesn’t emerge from nowhere. If big brother turns out to be the great uncle’s son, then no one can stop you from marrying him; just don’t know if it will be easy to get along with the great uncle’s family?”
Chang Danran didn’t know either and felt sorry for Xia Ye Zhao.
“Dr. Chang, if you’re worried about big brother, why not go to the Xia’s Family now to see what the situation is and bring back some news for me?”
“Forget it, I won’t go.”
Chang Danran didn’t want to deal with the humiliation.
Regrettably, Ye Xingguang could only wait at home for news, which Chang Danran brought over the next day when he came to work; Big brother and the great uncle had a paternity test done; the result proved they are biological father and son!
Turns out, big brother was born to the great uncle’s former wife. She died giving birth to big brother, and before her death, she asked someone to take the child to the Xia’s Family. Xia Wealth intercepted the child, coincidentally at a time when Wang Zimei lost her own baby. Being in an unstable position at Xia’s Family, the couple decided to raise the child as their own and did not inform Xia Changqiu about it.
Ye Xingguang: “!!!”
This sudden revelation!
So big brother is truly the eldest grandson of the Xia’s Family!
“How is big brother now?”noveldrama
“He said he wants some peace. He also wants to go to the countryside to pay respects to his birth mother. I plan to accompany him in a few days, but Xiaoman has school. The commute isn’t a problem, as Ye Zhao can have his secretary manage it, but I’m worried about Xiaoman sleeping alone at night. Xingguang, can you keep Xiaoman at your place for a few days?”
“Of course, that’s no problem. There are plenty of kids at our house anyway. You go ahead with big brother, and you can rest easy about Xiaoman being with me. Having more children around, they won’t feel lonely.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome; I’m Xiaoman’s aunt. Even if big brother isn’t some people’s son, I’m still his close aunt!”
Chang Danran nodded: “Your big brother even said to me this morning that in his heart, you will always be his dear younger sister.”
A surge of warmth welled up in her heart; Ye Xingguang’s biggest worry was that her big brother wouldn’t be close to her anymore, filled with warmth she said, “Sister-in-law, please convey to him that in my heart, he will always be my dear brother.”
Chang Danran added: “By the way, the medicine you gave me last time was very effective. Last night, Xiaoman had an episode. I gave him two pills, and his symptoms eased quite quickly, and so far, there haven’t been any side effects. Your big brother asked me to thank you.”
“Really? I told you it would work!”
Ye Xingguang was happy too; if the medicine was effective, her father and big brother wouldn’t have to worry anymore and she wouldn’t need to consider herself a cure-all, which was just perfect!
“Xingguang, come over here quick.” Ye Junqing had not yet gone to work, standing in the children’s room, his voice losing its usual calmness.
“What’s wrong?” Ye Xingguang thought something serious had happened.
Ye Junqing’s voice had the excitement of winning the lottery: “We have a son!”
###Chapter 1010: Chapter 1010: Qing Ge, Do You Dare to Swear on Little Starlight?
What are you talking about? They already have a son, and he’s even the richest man in the underwater empire, but he has yet to acknowledge it.
“Wow! Wow! A little brother! A little brother! Daddy, do I have a little brother now?” Yin Xiaohua was held in the embrace of Ye Junqing, leaning entirely on the incubation egg, looking at the baby through the glass.
Ye Xingguang walked into the children’s room just in time to hear Yin Xiaohua’s voice, and immediately reacted by walking forcefully inside: “Are you sure it’s a boy, not a girl?”
The child has already been growing in the immortality breeding organ, and these past few days Ye Junqing has been watching closely. Today, they could finally distinguish that it’s a boy!
Even though little Xiaohua is also very cute and adorable, deep down, he really wanted a boy. Ye Junqing thought, perhaps subconscious trauma played a part. Maybe there was a past incident related to the difficulty of birth because of having a daughter, he’s still investigating this.
“Really? Really? Can you tell if it’s a boy or a girl now?”
Bai Lanwu entered upon hearing the news, still wearing an apron around her neck, holding a rolling pin in her hand.
“Grandma, I have a little brother now!”
Bai Lanwu came in front of the incubation egg and looked for a while: “It really is a son.”
Ye Xingguang grumbled: “What’s wrong with having a daughter? You all prefer sons.”
Bai Lanwu laughed: “Daughters are good too, like little Xiaohua, so endearing.”
Exactly, she prefers daughters, those cuddly soft and super cute types!
Bai Lanwu added: “But having a son is also good. In the future, to have a brother and a little brother to adore Xiaohua, no one will dare to bully Xiaohua.”
That’s right, after all, she already has a son and a daughter, it doesn’t really matter whether this child is a boy or a girl, as long as it’s her child, and soon, Ye Xingguang came to terms with it, standing in front of the incubation egg, growing fonder as he watched his little baby.
Soon after, Bai Peiluan inquired about the news, and others did too, even Tang Zhou hurried over, exclaiming even before he entered the house, “Where’s mine and my sidekick’s child? Can the gender be identified yet? I want a daughter!”noveldrama
“It’s still early, give it a few more days!”
“How many more days? I’m also going to come every day to keep watch, just like Brother Qing, to go to the temple to pray and come back home to chant a hundred times every day that I want a daughter, then I’m sure to have a daughter!”
“Ye Junqing actually superstitiously went to pray at the temple and chants a hundred times every day?”
“No such thing!” Ye Junqing firmly denied.
“Brother Qing, dare you swear on little Xingguang that you didn’t?” Tang Zhou hummed.
Ye Junqing wished he could kick Tang Zhou flying; even if he did pray and chant, so what? Whatever Ye Junqing seeks, he gets!
Tang Zhou doesn’t care, he’s going to pray himself, and then he will come to the incubation egg every day to chant a hundred times: I want a daughter! I want a daughter! I want a daughter…
After almost a week of chanting like this, his dream actually came true, and the gender of his and Leng Chenmo’s child was identified—it’s a daughter—Tang Zhou was so excited that he jumped up and down, calling friends, posting on his WeChat Moments and Weibo to show off!
While Tang Zhou was showing off, Mo Yinhe was in Mo Corporation’s meeting room, pursing his small lips and signing several business cooperation contracts with Ye Junqing, such as the exclusive land rights for communication rings, and ocean thermal energy conversion…
After signing, Ye Junqing shook hands with his son in a strictly business manner: “Pleasure doing business.”
Mo Yinhe, with his cold small cherry lips, responded: “Pleasure doing business, young master departs tomorrow, taking Yin Xiaohua back to the underwater world, goodbye without send-off!”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, will continue tomorrow, kisses, asking for monthly tickets, seeking recommended tickets~]
###Chapter 1011: Chapter 1011: The Unmanageable Hua Xiaozhu
Ye Junqing raised an eyebrow, return to the sea floor?
After all the effort to find his estranged children, how could Ye Junqing possibly let his son and daughter go back to the sea floor, even though he wanted to have seven days to do as he pleased, that didn’t happen for even a day because his daughter wanted to sleep with them!
After discussing official business, Ye Junqing directly scooped Mo Yinhe into his arms, and Mo Yinhe, the little tyrant CEO, immediately furrowed his brow: “Put me down.”
“Daddy will take you to see Daddy’s office.”
After saying this, Ye Junqing did not bother with Mo Yinhe, the little tyrant CEO’s protests, and carried the little guy to his own office.
Ye Junqing sat on his throne and placed Mo Yinhe on his lap, saying: “Daddy wants to hold another wedding for your mom on land, do you have any good suggestions?”
Mo Yinhe, the little tyrant CEO, seemed very uneasy sitting on Ye Junqing’s lap but didn’t jump down, instead, snorted upon hearing him: “I haven’t done a paternity test yet, don’t keep calling me your son, your son is in the hatching egg!”
“When does little Mo plan to do it? I’m ready anytime.” Ye Junqing looked down at his son.
However, Mo Yinhe didn’t seem to be in a hurry at all, “Whenever I have time.”
This little guy, he just doesn’t want to do the paternity test and doesn’t want to acknowledge him as his son, Ye Junqing was very clear about that, but the fact that he was willing to collaborate on projects showed that the little guy didn’t really mind being close to them.noveldrama
As the CEO of a big underwater conglomerate with a huge company to manage, Ye Junqing understood his desire to go back, but secretly, Ye Junqing didn’t want to let go.
“Dad’s office is quite big, how about I split it in half for your office? I see you own a communication ring, so remote working wouldn’t be an issue. For meetings, we can just do a video conference online, I can create any condition you need here. Or, you can move the company headquarters from underwater to land, any floor in my building is available for your headquarters.”
“Not interested.” Mo Yinhe’s standards were very high.
“Really no room for negotiation? Little Hua seems to not want to leave, she wants to stay.”
“She must come with me!” Mo Yinhe’s voice left no room for negotiation.
“Then you should ask for her own opinion.” Ye Junqing was confident that Yin Xiaohua didn’t want to leave.
Mo Yinhe frowned deeply, twirling his communication ring.
Sure enough, on the other end of the communication ring, Yin Xiaohua was holding her fluffy doll, sipping delicious yogurt, sitting on a swing, basking in the sun while swinging: “Why do we have to go back, I don’t want to, I want to live with Mom and Dad.”
“I can sleep with Mom and Dad at night, and I have grandparents who adore me, I don’t want to leave.”
“Anyway, I’m not going, you go if you want, you’re not my anything, why should I go with you?”
Mo Yinhe narrowed his eyes, his gaze filled with anger: “Hua Xiaozhu, say that again, are you leaving or not?”
“Not leaving, not leaving, just not leaving, la la la la.” Across the holographic screen, Yin Xiaohua stuck her tongue out at him.
Such a comfortably lazy stretch under the winter sun.
At that moment, Ye Xingguang brought back a stuffed cat toy he bought from outside, got out of the car in the yard, and called out to Yin Xiaohua: “Yin Xiaohua, come over, see what Mommy bought for you as a pet.”
“Wow! What’s this, it’s so cute.”
After being lifted down from the swing, Yin Xiaohua eagerly ran towards Ye Xingguang.
###Chapter 1012: Chapter 1012: Bonding with My Son
Yin Xiaohua was lifted down from the swing and immediately scampered towards Ye Xingguang.
Not only did Ye Xingguang buy a stuffed cat, but he also bought a cat bed, various cat toys, and cat food, all to keep his daughter…
Yin Xiaohua had never seen a real cat before. Her tiny hands stroked the soft fur of the toy: “Mommy, it feels so good, I want it, I want it.”
“It was bought for you to begin with. This is a kitty, we can give it a name.”
“Wow! Really? Can we call it Xiao Bai?”
“Of course, we’ll call it Xiao Bai from now on.”
“I want to show Mo Big Pig, Xiao Bai is so cute.”
The video call wasn’t even over when Mo Yinhe already saw the fluffy kitty, and also saw how overjoyed Hua Xiaozhu was, and couldn’t help but frown deeply, it seemed like this pig had been thoroughly abducted!
With a snort, Mo Yinhe abruptly cut off the video and looked up angrily at Ye Junqing: “You guys are cheating!”
Ye Junqing didn’t catch his son’s drift, if he really understood what his son liked, he would have liked to cheat too!
At this moment, Fu Zhuo walked in: “Junqing, Lin Hanfeng has invited you to play golf at the golf course, you have one hour left.”
“Okay, I got it.”
Ye Junqing lowered his head to ask Mo Yinhe: “Can you play golf?”
Mo Yinhe didn’t utter a word.
“Come on, Daddy will take you to play golf.”
After saying that, he didn’t care whether Mo Yinhe was willing or not, and directly took him to socialize.
Arriving at the golf course, when Lin Hanfeng saw Ye Junqing letting a little boy ride on his neck, he rubbed his eyes hard: “Holy crap! Junqing, am I seeing things? What’s with the kiddo on your neck? The kid looks so familiar. Such a cool and cute vibe, matching yours. Let me hold him too!”
Of course, Ye Junqing didn’t pay any attention to Lin Hanfeng. After taking the little guy off his neck, he held Mo Yinhe’s hand and said, “This is the young master Mo of the underwater world.”
“Young master Mo?”
Lin Hanfeng paused for a few seconds and then slapped his forehead: “That’s why he looked so familiar! In that visiting delegation from the underwater country, there were two kids, said to be big group bosses of the underwater world. Could this be the rich young master Mo from the underwater country?”noveldrama
What Ye Junqing actually wanted to say was, this is my son!
But since his own woman wouldn’t announce his status as the Male Empress, Ye Junqing could only “bear the burden of humiliation!”
Lin Hanfeng squatted down, reached out proactively to shake hands with Mo Yinhe: “Hello, little guy, I am Lin Hanfeng from Lin’s Group. It’s our first meeting, I hope we can collaborate more in the future. I heard that your Galaxy Group is willing to collaborate with many land-based groups. Which lollipop do you like? I’ll buy it for you, how about we work together?”
“Not interested.” When Mo Yinhe heard the word ‘lollipop’, he gave Lin Hanfeng a dose of his icy little glare.
His interest was all on the golf now.
At the golf course, there were pairs and trios playing golf, the tiny balls falling into the distant holes seemed interesting.
Ye Junqing brushed off Lin Hanfeng, who was forcing his way in: “Back off, all of Galaxy Group’s projects will only collaborate with Ye’s Group.”
“Junqing, you’re not being fair. We could all be making money together!”
Ye Junqing ignored Lin Hanfeng, took the golf club, and went to teach his son how to play golf, nurturing their father-son relationship.
###Chapter 1013: Chapter 1013: The Big Tumor Was Smashed by the Son’s Money
On the lush green grass, Ye Junqing demonstrated the standard swing, “Remember, 10% of golf is biomechanics, the remaining 90% is psychology. Your decisions, thoughts, imagination, and feelings all affect each swing. The most important things are confidence, focus, and staying calm.”
Mo Yinhe rarely paid such serious attention to Ye Junqing’s instruction, stayed silent, took the mini golf club, tried to imitate Ye Junqing’s movements, and then swung. A handsome motion sent the tiny golf ball flying out.
He thought that with his own ability, he could get the golf ball into the hole in one go, but the result…
Forget it, try again!
Seeing his first ball didn’t go in, Ye Junqing rubbed his head, “No worries, take it slow.”
After speaking, he went on to correct his grip on the club.noveldrama
“Don’t touch my head!”
Mo Yinhe threw out a sentence with a frosty voice, then continued practicing with the golf club, but alas…
“Try again.” Ye Junqing stood by the side.
Mo Yinhe, the domineering CEO’s face started looking sour. He had never played anything and failed three times. If he failed again, he was going to… he was going to twist off the head of that chattering man standing nearby and use it as a ball!
The chattering man Mo Yinhe referred to was Lin Hanfeng.
Lin Hanfeng felt a chill on his back for no reason, but he thought it came from Ye Junqing, so, fearless of death, he continued, “Speaking of which, buddy, when are you having your wedding? You’ve already applied to hatch an egg and have a son, yet the wedding isn’t even planned? Have you chosen a hotel? Picked a wedding planner? How about this, choose my family’s wedding company, I’ll give you an 88% discount.”
“Too expensive,” Ye Junqing blurted out.
Lin Hanfeng’s main goal today was to get Ye Junqing to let his company organize the wedding. It was free publicity, more topical than smashing money into TV ads. So, after some thought, Lin Hanfeng said, “An 88% discount?”
“Still expensive.”
Lin Hanfeng: “Ye Junqing, please display some of your billionaire swag!”
“I’m not the foolish son of a landlord. I have a wife and kids to support now, have to learn to live economically in the future,” Ye Junqing continued to correct his son’s golf swing.
Lin Hanfeng clenched his teeth fiercely, “At worst, I’ll throw in a best man service for free! Can’t cut the price further than that!”
“Who are you talking about as the best man?”
Lin Hanfeng flicked his handsome fringe, “Isn’t it obvious, right before your eyes?”
But Ye Junqing said, “Am I short of best men?”
“Then what are you short of? Just name it, I’ll make sure you get it,” Lin Hanfeng offered.
Ye Junqing threw out a word: “Money.”
Lin Hanfeng dug his ear intensively, “What was that? I didn’t catch it, say it again?”
“Annoying!” Mo Yinhe, who was about to take the third swing, burst into flames. There was always someone disturbing his concentration, and he hadn’t gotten it in twice!
With anger billowing, Mo Yinhe directly pulled a bank card out of his pocket and chucked it at Ye Junqing, “Swipe it as you please, just shut up!”
Ye Junqing, who was planning to severely extort Lin Hanfeng: “…”
Even Lin Hanfeng was stunned by Mo Yinhe’s flashy move, falling into dead silence instantaneously.
Just then, Mo Yinhe, the domineering CEO, swung, and the tiny golf ball made a perfect parabola in the air…
Then, a miracle occurred!
The tiny golf ball landed in the hole with a ‘thud’.
Lin Hanfeng clapped heartily, “Beautiful!”
Mo Yinhe, the domineering CEO, curled his cold, small lips and cast a smug glance at Ye Junqing, “This is for you, the teaching fee. There are three billion in there! Enough for your wedding?”
###Chapter 1014: Chapter 1014: Do Men Become Shameless After Marriage?
Having said that, he didn’t even look to see what expression Ye Junqing had after being hit by his son’s lavish spending. With his confidence skyrocketing after hitting the first ball, Mo Yinhe picked up another golf ball and started practicing again.
It was the first time Ye Junqing had ever been “attacked” with money, and it was a whopping three hundred million at that!
When he was young, his dad would give him at most three hundred yuan at a time. If he wanted to buy something important and his pocket money wasn’t enough, he’d find ways to earn some extra cash, like checking his father’s documents for typos and getting a hundred yuan for each one he found…
That money was truly hard-earned!
Standing by, Lin Hanfeng felt that Ye Junqing was about to lose his temper. Being upstaged by a kid with money, where was his face to show?
To his surprise, Ye Junqing took out his phone, snapped a photo, and then posted it on his social media along with the caption: [Bliss.]
Lin Hanfeng took out his phone to check the social media post: “What the hell, have you been so short on cash lately that you’re actually happy about being hit with money? Dude, are you okay? Did my brief fortune really bleed you dry?”
Ignoring Lin Hanfeng, Ye Junqing, after posting on social media, also sent the photo to his dad to show off: [The money my son gave for my wedding. Now let’s see, how much did you give me for my wedding, and how much pocket money have you given me?]
Ye Baixiu, upon receiving his son’s message, felt utterly baffled, but he replied swiftly: [Same job of being a son, but why is there such a big difference between sons?]
His own son hadn’t given him a penny, yet he had the nerve to send him such a photo. Utter shamelessness!
Seeing the message from his dad, Ye Junqing promptly cleared the chat history.
Then, he sent the same photo to Ye Shiting: [This is for the wedding my son is arranging for me.]
Three seconds later, Ye Shiting sent him a red packet.
Ye Junqing opened it to find: 0.01 yuan.
Ye Junqing immediately sent a red packet of 0.02 yuan back to Ye Shiting. Such a trivial amount of money was nothing to him, so he returned double!
Lin Hanfeng didn’t understand what Ye Junqing was laughing about. He thought it’s just because he got hit with money by a kid?
It’s true, men should never get married. After marriage, a man’s wallet is tightly managed by his wife, he’s left without any spending money, and when someone throws money at them, they smile so foolishly. Alas, it seems Ye Junqing is truly poor.
Lin Hanfeng, overflowing with sympathy, said: “Master Qing, considering our years of business partnership, here’s what I’ll do: I’ll give you a 45% discount. Leave all your wedding arrangements to my family’s wedding planning company, how about that? This discount is substantial, right?”
Ye · Stingy · Junqing: “I’m giving you free advertising, and you’re still charging me money?”
Lin Hanfeng: “!!!”
Are married men all this shameless?
“30% off, that’s as low as I can go, any less and I can’t even cover my labor costs!”
“That’s settled then,” Ye Junqing securely tucked his treasured bank card into his wallet, and then laid out a series of detailed wedding requests to Lin Hanfeng. Up to this point, he and his little mermaid hadn’t taken any wedding photos, which, of course, was something Lin Hanfeng would have to include!
In the end, Ye Junqing added: “I don’t want a wedding that’s too conventional. I want to create an unforgettable surprise wedding for my bride. It will take place on her birthday, so don’t go publicizing it beforehand.”
Lin Hanfeng, who had been planning to loudly promote Ye Junqing’s wedding as a live advertisement: “!!!”
He came here today full of ambition to fleece Ye Junqing, so why does he feel like he’s the one who ended up being fleeced?
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, will continue tomorrow. Asking for monthly tickets and recommendations, kisses~~]noveldrama
###Chapter 1015: Chapter 1015: My Dad is a Poor Bastard
Ye Junqing stretched out his hand and gave a weighty and encouraging pat on Lin Hanfeng’s shoulder: “Right, her birthday is on March 20th, you still have nearly two months to prepare for the wedding. Do it well, and my entire family’s wedding business will go to Lin’s Group.”
“Aside from you, does anyone else in your family still need to hold weddings?”
“I have many brothers who haven’t had their weddings yet, didn’t you know?”
Indeed! Lin Hanfeng suddenly saw a flood of cash coming his way, instantly revived to full vigor: “No problem, Lord Qing, leave it to me. You can count on it. Do you even need to ask if I, Lin Hanfeng, am reliable or not?”
At this moment, Mo Yinhe hit another ball, and after the golf ball soared through the air, it landed in the hole with a thud.
Lin Hanfeng snapped his fingers: “Little Boss Mo is mighty!”
Of course!
Mo Yinhe, the domineering little CEO, coolly tugged at the corner of his proud mouth, looked up, glanced at Ye Junqing, and waited for his praise!
But Ye Junqing didn’t praise him. Instead, he wore a “My son is naturally as powerful as me” attitude. Mo Yinhe huffed mightily in his heart and continued practicing his swing.
Ye Junqing spoke to Lin Hanfeng: “Reliable or not, I wouldn’t know. Bring me several wedding planning proposals as soon as possible, and don’t bother presenting me with any that lack creativity—I don’t have the time to coach you to improvement.”
“Don’t worry, even if I’m out having fun during the Spring Festival, it won’t delay the wedding preparations for you. By the way, do you want to go out and have fun together this Spring Festival?”
Every Spring Festival is a special period when singles are constantly nagged by their elders to get married and find a partner. Every year during this time, Lin Hanfeng would flee abroad to avoid being dragged by his aunts to matchmaking sessions, and this year was no exception.
In the past, Ye Junqing would also join Lin Hanfeng’s escapades, but now: “We are no longer people of the same world, there’s no point in reluctantly sticking together. For the Spring Festival, I want to be with my wife and kids in a warm cozy home.”
Lin Hanfeng: “!!!”
Dammit, he really wanted to slap himself hard. How could he have forgotten that Ye Junqing was now a pitiful man trapped in the grave of marriage, with even his pocket money tightly controlled by his wife—how could he have spare cash to go out and have fun?
Alas~~
Lin Hanfeng forcibly sympathized with Ye Junqing for a whole three seconds…
“What’s the Spring Festival?” Mo Yinhe, spirited from playing golf, suddenly looked up, gazing at the two adults.
“Little Boss Mo has never experienced the Spring Festival?” Lin Hanfeng was surprised.
There was no such festival as the Spring Festival in the underwater world, so…
Lin Hanfeng couldn’t help but explain: “Spring Festival, to a child, is the happiest festival, and to eligible bachelors and bachelorettes, the most dreaded. So, for you, it’s the happiest festival, but for me, it’s the most painful one.”
“How is it the happiest?”
“You can receive lots of red packets, and the elders will buy you new clothes…”
The more Lin Hanfeng thought about it, the more he missed the days of celebrating the Spring Festival as a kid…
However, Mo Yinhe didn’t find any of this appealing at all; he had his own money, and too many new clothes to even wear out…
At this moment, a middle-aged man dressed in sportswear walked over, his eyes greedily fixed on Mo Yinhe, as he took the initiative to greet Ye Junqing: “This must be Mr. Ye. I have heard so much about you. I am Ogden.”
“Hello.” Ye Junqing nodded lightly in greeting.
“This young friend, he’s Mr. Ye’s son, right? Is today the first time he’s playing golf? He’s never played before, has he?”noveldrama
###Chapter 1016: Chapter 1016: My Dad is a Poor Bastard 2
Ye Junqing laughed without speaking, feeling that this Ogden really had an eye for talent, spotting such an outstanding child as his son at first glance, unlike Lin Hanfeng, who just couldn’t see it. The difference between people is indeed quite significant.
“It’s like this, Mr. Ye, I’ve been observing for a while on the side, and I see that your son has incredible talent for golf. I don’t know if your son is interested in learning at my golf club. If he pursues this route in golf, he will surely be able to win the championship of golf’s professional tournaments in the future. This is my business card.”
Ogden took a business card out of his pocket and handed it to Ye Junqing.
Ye Junqing glanced at it and didn’t expect that Mr. Ogden was actually a master-level golf coach.
Lin Hanfeng stood beside him, looked at the business card and recognized Mr. Ogden: “Oh! Are you the Mr. Ogden who won the golf masters tournament ten times in a row? It’s an honor, an honor, I am Lin Hanfeng of the Lin’s Group.”
Ogden said: “President Lin, it’s my pleasure to meet you.”noveldrama
After speaking, he said to Ye Junqing: “Mr. Ye, I hope you’ll seriously consider it.”
“Are you interested?” Ye Junqing looked down and asked his son.
Mo Yinhe, the domineering young president, didn’t even blink: “Not interested.”
Ogden: “…”
Lin Hanfeng said from the side: “Young Master Mo, don’t be like that, it’s a rare opportunity. You don’t know how many people want Mr. Ogden to teach them golf skills. He’s a top master in the golf world, being noticed by him…”
Before he could finish speaking, Mo Yinhe was already swinging the golf club again, perfectly hitting the small golf ball into the hole.
After the initial two failures, he hasn’t missed again. With his skills, why would he need instruction from a famous teacher?
Ogden was not willing to give up: “Young friend, I can train you intensively and make you my Closed-door Disciple, making you the brightest rising star of the golf season.”
“Today, I am already the brightest star!”
Mo Yinhe, the domineering young president, had no interest in becoming the star of tomorrow. In his haughty eyes, he had already been the most dazzling and brilliant star in the world.
“Cool!” Lin Hanfeng snapped his fingers.
Ogden still wasn’t willing to give up; if he couldn’t persuade the child, he’d persuade the adult, as children usually listen to their parents. So, normally people would beg to become students of Ogden, but today he wore out his lips trying to convince Ye Junqing.
Lin Hanfeng genuinely pitied the master of the golf festival: “Mr. Ogden, actually, this child is not Mr. Ye’s son. Convincing Mr. Ye is of no use. I have a nephew who also has a very high talent. How about one day I bring my little nephew over for you to take a look?”
“He’s not?”
Ogden was surprised: “But I thought this young friend and Mr. Ye look very much like father and son.”
Lin Hanfeng: “Mr. Ogden, really, he’s not. Mr. Ye’s son is still in the incubation egg. If you check his latest post on Weibo, you’ll know his son hasn’t been born yet.”
Disbelieving, Ogden followed Lin Hanfeng’s hint and opened Ye Junqing’s Weibo, only to find that the pinned post was indeed Ye Junqing showing off his son, with no photos but text: [Son, you’re already three months old, Daddy is waiting for you to come out of the incubation egg.]
“That’s really too bad,” Ogden said, full of regret, then turned to ask Mo Yinhe: “Young friend, can you tell me who your father is? I’d like to talk to him.”
Mo Yinhe straightened his little cap and blurted out: “My father? …He might be a poor bastard.”
###Chapter 1017: Chapter 1017: It’s Not Easy Being Little Mo’s Dad 1
Ye Junqing: “…”
Originally feeling utterly gloomy, Ye Junqing suddenly got an unusual point. Did this little guy mean to acknowledge his identity?
Once again insulted by his son, Ye Junqing’s face sank for a few seconds, then he felt as if bathed in a spring breeze, the sense of honor of being acknowledged by his son outweighing even being called a pauper.noveldrama
“It’s okay, I can waive the tuition fee,” Mr. Ogden continued to tempt earnestly.
But the little domineering CEO Mo Yinhe said, “I don’t need training. If there’s any competition, you can just sign me up. I’m only responsible for competing, not for training.”
Having had his fill of fun, little CEO Mo directly handed the golf club in his hand to Ye Junqing, then strutted off with his cool little steps; yes, he looked that awesome!
Ye Junqing handed his tomorrow over to Ogden: “Contact me if there’s a competition.”
He decided to take his son on a shopping spree, to let him know that he could afford his upbringing!
…
At home, Ye Xingguang, unaware of how much her husband had been hit by their son, was having a great time playing with her daughter. A mere cat could keep little Huahua excited all day. She had decided to buy Huahua a fluffy Samoyed later, as she had noticed that Huahua liked everything fluffy.
Song Chuanqi walked out of the bedroom and saw his daughter and granddaughter having a blast together; it was a heartwarming scene that one couldn’t take their eyes off of.
Bai Lanwu found a coat in the dressing room and draped it over Song Chuanqi’s shoulders.
Song Chuanqi was somewhat repulsed: “There’s no need to wear this much at home; I’m not going out.”
Bai Lanwu would not let it go: “Dr. Chang emphasized before leaving that although your surgery was very successful, you must recover well this year. You’re not fully healed just because the surgery is over. Wear more, or else if you catch a cold during New Year’s, don’t expect me to look after you.”
“Would you really mind?”
Bai Lanwu huffed, of course she would mind, but still, she insisted on her husband dressing warm and snug before she could be at ease.
The butler was instructing the servants to clean outside; with the New Year approaching, the servants would also be heading home, so they must make the entire estate spotless before they could leave with peace of mind.
Song Chuanqi walked up to the French windows, sighing, “Time flies so fast, it’s New Year’s again. Last New Year, we only had Xingguang, but now, not only do we have an added son and daughter-in-law, but also two more grandchildren, and another grandchild and granddaughter to be born this year, what joy in life.”
“Isn’t that so? This past year, the number of people in our house has grown continuously. After you’ve recovered, I don’t want to go back to the island for several years. I want to stay in the capital to help our son and daughter with their children.”
“Then let’s not leave.”
This was their home after all, and there was nothing wrong with staying as parents-in-law and in-laws.
“Yeah, dad, mom, don’t go back to living on the island. Stay here with us. Having children and grandchildren around, what a good life that would be,” Ye Xingguang said too.
Bai Lanwu: “Alright, then we won’t leave. After a few years, when your children have grown up, your father and I will go back to the island to retire.”
Just after speaking, they saw Ye Junqing’s car returning home. After getting out, he opened the trunk and started carrying out large and small packages. The trunk of every car in his convoy was stuffed full—this was a shopping frenzy!
###Chapter 1018: Chapter 1018: It’s Not Easy Being Daddy Xiao Mo 2
Ye Xingguang walked out curiously and approached Ye Junqing: “Honey, why did you buy so much stuff back?”
“Toys for Yinhe.”
Ye Junqing carried a couple of items, then handed over the rest of the moving work to Xiao Yun.
Ye Xingguang wanted to see what they were: “Uh… what is this? An astronomical telescope, did you buy so many lenses? And what’s this? A simulated space capsule, are you planning to build a space capsule at home?”
Which of these could be considered toys?
Ye Junqing had already called for someone to come over and install it, so after asking Xiao Yun and the others to move everything out of the car, he directed them to an open grassy area of the estate. Indeed, he wanted to create a space capsule experience for his son at home.
In the afternoon, Ye Junqing took his son shopping, and his son wasn’t interested in anything except that he couldn’t tear himself away from the astronomical telescope!
To prove his financial prowess to his son, Ye Junqing almost brought home a Mars rover!
Mo Yinhe was indeed very interested. Seeing the bodyguard move the telescope lenses out of the car, he kept warning: “Be gentle!”
He was afraid that someone would damage his telescope.
After getting down, Mo Yinhe started to disassemble the astronomical telescope in the yard, intending to assemble it himself.
This was a crucial moment for enhancing the father-son relationship. Ye Junqing didn’t assume to teach his son how to assemble it himself; instead, they looked at the instruction manual together, discussed it, and assembled it together.
Xiaohuahua, carrying Xiaobai, came out of the house, standing curiously nearby: “Mo Piggy, what’s this?”
“Go play elsewhere.”
“Humph, it doesn’t look fun at all to me. I don’t care for it. Look at my Xiaobai. Isn’t it cute?”
The fluffy cat had no appeal for Mo Yinhe, who replied dismissively: “Cute, but stay back.”
Xiaohuahua, being brushed off: “!!!”
She humphed, hugged her Xiaobai, and went back into the house.
After being busy for dozens of minutes, Ye Junqing and his son finally put the astronomical telescope together. Then Mo Yinhe monopolized the telescope to start observing the world beyond Earth.noveldrama
The thought of returning to the underwater kingdom was tossed aside…
However, in the evening, the queen of the undersea kingdom and her entourage were reported by the media in Country A to have left the imperial capital by plane.
After a week-long state visit, the public thought the undersea queen had left the imperial capital, while Ye Xingguang was at home enjoying family bliss. But what about the father-son duo who were so absorbed in using the telescope that they weren’t even thinking about dinner?
Ye Junqing bought two astronomical telescopes, and now father and son each had one, exploring the mysteries of the universe together.
Truth be told, Ye Junqing wasn’t that interested, but his son was very much so. He had to leverage the “common interest” to foster a stronger bond with his son.
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO with a wild streak: “Can you take me to the sky?”
“Uh… yes, we can take a plane to view the clouds.”
Upon hearing this, the young Mo Yinhe gave Ye Junqing a disdainful look: “I heard that other kids’ dads can do anything.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
Other kids might at most want a toy model, but you want to run off the planet to play!
“Forget it, in the end, we have to rely on ourselves.” Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, decided to venture into the aerospace industry.
###Chapter 1019: Chapter 1019: They Say That Kid is Very Arrogant
Mo Yinhe is a hands-on type of person. When he said he wanted to venture into the space industry, he planned to start immediately. However, as a foreigner, CEO Mo Yinhe lacked the inherent advantage in Country A to research the space industry, so naturally, he needed to collaborate with local business tycoons.
It was then that Ye Junqing finally took advantage of his status as a business tycoon in Country A and caught the eye of Mo Yinhe.
After careful consideration, Mo Yinhe said, “We can collaborate to enter the space industry, what do you think?”
Ye Junqing didn’t hesitate and replied, “I think it’s a great idea. As a partner, I suggest you establish a space division in Country A and stay here long-term to focus on the space industry. I’ll be responsible for funding and setting up the space base, and you will handle the specifics of the space operations.”
Mo Yinhe thought this idea was perfect.
The childish yet cold voice said: “Then it’s settled joyfully! Get the contract ready later.”
“No problem, let’s go eat first. After we are full, we can continue discussing the elaborate development plans of the space industry,” Ye Junqing said with a business-as-usual attitude, knowing this approach works best with his son.
CEO Mo Yinhe thought for a while, nodded, and father and son both went inside to eat.
Even during the meal, they discussed the grand plans of the space industry. The discussions between the two, one big and one small, were as intense as negotiations in a meeting room, making Ye Xingguang want to record it all!
At other people’s dining tables, it must be the dad telling his son not to be picky and to eat well, or reprimanding him for poor exam results. How did it turn out like this in her household?
Sitting nearby, Ye Xingguang couldn’t bear listening and blurted out, “Don’t talk while eating, don’t talk while sleeping…”
Unfortunately, the spirited young Mo Yinhe pretended not to hear.
Ye Junqing, aiming to enhance father-son bonding, could only continue discussing with his son. He actually found it quite interesting to discuss with his son, whose mind was brimming with ideas. Anyone capable of becoming the richest in the underwater world truly had something up their sleeve.
Luckily, there was still little Huahua diligently eating pig trotters, “Mommy, I’m eating well.”
“Mmm, Huahua is the best behaved.”
Ye Xingguang added another succulent but not greasy pig trotter to Huahua’s bowl.
“Oh wow, it smells so good! How can it smell so delicious! I smell the aroma of trotters, why didn’t you call me to come eat, am I not your daughter-in-law?” Tang Zhou could be heard loudly complaining even before entering the dining room.
Bai Lanwu, seeing her son and daughter-in-law entering the dining room one after another, hurriedly asked the servants to prepare two more sets of tableware.
Before sitting down, Tang Zhou attempted to grab a pig trotter with her “salty pig hand” but was stopped by Ye Xingguang with chopsticks: “Did you wash your hands?”
“Little follower, take care of your sister better, she doesn’t even want to share one pig trotter with me.”
Tang Zhou complained but was dragged to the washroom by Shen Mo.noveldrama
Tang Zhou stretched out both hands: “I don’t want to wash, how about you wash them for me?”
Shen Mo gave her a look, said nothing, and directly sprayed soap on her hands. Then, he earnestly rubbed her slender, pale hands. It was just a hand wash, but Tang Zhou felt tingles from her head to her tailbone.
This: “…”
“Wash my hands properly!” Tang Zhou inexplicably blushed.
“Haven’t I been washing properly?”
Shen Mo looked quite serious from his expression to his actions, but Tang Zhou kept feeling he was anything but serious. Damn it, could this be the so-called repressed passion?
###Chapter 1020: Chapter 1020: Rumor has it that the kid is very arrogant 2
Back at the dining table, Tang Zhou gnawed on a pig trotter as he spoke, “Have you guys heard? This afternoon, the famous golf master Ogden encountered a golf prodigy at the golf course. He wanted to take the kid as a disciple, but he actually got rejected!”
Ye Xingguang asked curiously, “Master Ogden? I know him; when I interned at KOCO, the station sent me to interview him, but his assistant told me he was not available. I called his assistant for three days straight, and in the end, I still didn’t get the interview. That old man really has airs; who’s this remarkable kid who didn’t give him face?”
“I’m curious too! A few years ago, when my golf was lousy, I sought lessons from Master Ogden. He told me I had no talent, which totally pissed me off. How could I be talentless? Now that he’s been rejected, it feels so good! Roar roar roar, if I find out who that kid is, I’m definitely going to buy a whole box of lollipops to give him!”
The more Tang Zhou talked, the more excited he got, “It’s said that the kid is really too cool, he directly told Ogden, ‘If there’s a golf tournament, you can find me directly, but if you want to teach me, sorry, you’re not qualified enough!'”
Ye Xingguang became enthused upon hearing this, as she also knew how to play golf. When she was on the island, her father and Uncle Li next door both loved playing golf, and she grew up playing with them. Her skills were not bad, but she had never played seriously, so she wasn’t clear about her own level.
“What golf tournaments are there in the country? I’d like to join one too, just to see how good my skills are.”
“Little Xingguang, can you play?”
Ye Xingguang’s eyes flashed fiercely, “Don’t doubt my skills! I’m no country bumpkin!”noveldrama
Of course, Tang Zhou didn’t dare to underestimate her, considering a country bumpkin’s father could be the Crown Prince of S country. With such a background for her father, how could Tang Zhou dare question his daughter’s skills? He said, “Of course there is. There’s a men’s golf tournament in a few days, organized by a club owned by a buddy of mine. However, you’re a woman; you can’t participate.”
“Isn’t there a women’s tournament?”
Tang Zhou shook his head, “The women’s tournament ended last week. You didn’t mention it earlier. If you had, I could have pulled some strings to register you.”
Ye Xingguang felt dejected and after taking a few bites of her meal, said, “I can disguise myself as a man.”
“Pfft…” Tang Zhou almost choked on his food.
“My cross-dressing skills are not bad! Can you not react so dramatically please? Get me a spot in the tournament; I want to play. Otherwise, I’m going to go crazy from boredom staying at home every day.”
She had quit her job at the President’s news office, and the sea elders would not let her do any work really fitting for a queen’s status. Right now, she urgently needs to find something to enrich her life!
“Little Xingguang, are you serious?”
“Of course.” Ye Xingguang tugged on her husband, Ye Junqing’s arm, “Honey, do you support me?”
“If you like it, just go register.”
As the saying goes, like mother, like child. Her son succeeded a hundred shots out of a hundred after just a few practices, so his mother’s fish tail likely wouldn’t fall far behind.
“See, my husband supports me. Tang Zhou, just get me a spot. Is it still possible to register now?”
Tang Zhou said, “Logically speaking, it’s definitely too late, but my buddy and I are really close. It shouldn’t be a problem to give you a chance for some backdoor entry. After all, it’s not a professional race; there aren’t so many rules. But I’ve heard that this time those who registered are all quite skilled. Even a few of my buddies aren’t confident in joining. Are you sure you want to participate?”
###Chapter 1021: Chapter 1021: Joining the Competition 1
Ye Xingguang nodded resolutely, “Of course, I’m idle anyway, I’m going to sign up for it, that’s decided. What day is the competition exactly? Who’s participating? Investigate everything properly for me, so I know what to expect.”
Little Xiaohua displayed a heart shape with her little hands.
“Mommy! I support you! All my little hearts are here to support you!”
“Thank you, baby.” Ye Xingguang also made a heart with her hands.
Tang Zhou inquired with his buddies via WeChat, and by the time dinner was over, they had replied to him.
“My buddy says the competition is the day before New Year’s Eve, it’s definitely too late to sign up now, but as luck would have it, one of the players had appendicitis surgery today and can’t participate in the competition. If you want in, he can give you that spot. This isn’t a professional tournament, but those who participate are powerful elites with real skills; they’ve played since they were little, and all have their own tricks.”
Ye Xingguang gestured, “OK, no problem!”
Song Chuanqi also encouraged his daughter, “Go ahead, I’ll come to watch your match when the time comes.”noveldrama
“Sure, it’s a good chance to get some fresh air. Since you’ve arrived in the capital, you’ve been either hospitalized or resting at home, hardly going out. Dad, you must come and cheer for me.”
Song Chuanqi smiled, “Alright.”
…
On the day before New Year’s Eve, Ye Xingguang dressed herself up at home with a wig, a chest binder, and handsome men’s clothing, transforming into a youthful and elegant teenager, her neck also wrapped with a scarf so no one could tell if she had an Adam’s apple.
Even Tang Zhou couldn’t help but give a thumbs-up, “Little Xingguang, well done, dressed like this, you look even younger than me, just like a handsome eighteen or nineteen-year-old!”
“I am a year younger than you! Naturally, I’m fresher than you!”
Ye Xingguang looked at herself in the mirror, the last time she dressed up like this was to sell regret medicine to Ling Han.
Thinking of this, Ye Xingguang asked: “Tang Zhou, this competition won’t be on TV, right?”
“No, it’s a club competition, no reporters, definitely not broadcasted on TV. Everyone involved is someone of status, who’d want to flaunt their face on TV like a celebrity for no reason? Just remember your name is Tang Yi, ‘Yi’ as in billionaire!”
“OK, no problem, Let’s go.”
The New Year was upon them, everyone was on vacation, so nobody was busy. Upon hearing that Ye Xingguang was going to participate in a golf tournament at the club, all her brothers from the Ye’s Family were willing to go show their support.
The impressive convoy drove to the golf club located in the suburbs.
Perhaps because of the competition, the parking lot was packed to the brim, vehicles worth over a million each filled the parking spaces.
Before getting out of the car, Ye Junqing pulled her into his arms for a loving hug, “Don’t be nervous, play well.”
Ye Xingguang asked in a cute manner, “If I place in the competition, will there be a reward?”
“What reward do you want?” As long as it’s not like her son, wanting to travel to space, Ye Junqing thought, everything else is manageable.
Meanwhile, Yin Xiaohua said, “Mommy, I can reward you! If Mommy gets an honorable mention, I’ll reward you with a kiss, if Mommy gets third place, I’ll give you five kisses, if Mommy gets second place, seven kisses, and if Mommy gets first place, ten kisses.”
“Thank you, darling, Mommy will certainly give it her all.” After saying this, she looked at Ye Junqing with excitement and anticipation: “What about your reward?”
Inspired by his daughter, Ye Junqing suggested, “How about, an honorable mention gets one, third place gets five, second place gets seven, and first place gets ten?”
###Chapter 1022: Chapter 1022: Joining the Competition 2noveldrama
Ye Xingguang hadn’t caught on yet: “What once, five times, seven times, ten times?”
Certain age-inappropriate content was whispered into her ear by Ye Junqing as he leaned in close.
Instantly, Ye Xingguang’s cheeks flushed red, and she pushed him away: “Dream on, be careful not to underperform, don’t end up in the hospital with kidney deficiency during the New Year! Anyway, since you have to reward me, take your time thinking, I’m getting off the car first.”
At these words, Ye Junqing’s eyes slightly narrowed. He didn’t appreciate being accused of underperformance. Ever since their daughter began to sleep with them, he felt like he’s been living as a monk for who knows how long. If he were to be hospitalized, it wouldn’t be for kidney deficiency, but because he couldn’t get any meaty indulgence!
Indeed, having a son is better, sons are more independent and never want to sleep in the same bed as them.
“Daddy, hug~~” Little Flower, unaware of her father’s grumbling, stretched out her chubby little hands adorably.
Once Ye Junqing got out of the car, he held Little Flower’s soft body in his arms. Observing their son emerging from another car with his parents-in-law, he thought that both his son and daughter had their merits, and he loved them both.
Ye Xingguang went ahead with Tang Zhou to participate in the tournament.
At the golf course, many participants had already arrived for registration. Ye Xingguang followed Tang Zhou to register, and Tang Zhou took the opportunity to introduce her to the club’s owner, his buddy, Sun Hao.
“Sun Hao, this is the distant younger brother I’ve mentioned to you, he specifically came here to thank you for securing him a spot in the tournament.”
Sun Hao, a man of integrity who liked making friends, said: “Brothers don’t talk like strangers. Your brother is my brother too, and I should look out for him. But what kind of amazing genes does your family have? You’re handsome yourself, and your brother is also so refined!”
As Sun Hao scrutinized him from head to toe, he felt that the youth before him was more than just refined, he was delicate, with facial features leaning towards the feminine, reminiscent of the beautiful young men he often saw in comics, which instantly increased his fondness.
Ye Xingguang sweetly greeted: “Hello, Brother Sun.”
However, her gaze fell on the woman next to Sun Hao, and her expression faltered.
The woman next to Sun Hao was even more shocked. Ling Han never expected that the benefactor she had been searching for such a long time would unexpectedly stand before her.
In an instant, Ling Han’s eyes welled up with warmth: “Little brother, so your name is Tang Yi. I finally know your name.”
Recently pursuing Ling Han, Sun Hao inquired: “Oh, you know each other?”
More than just knowing each other, for the past half-year, Ling Han had almost never stopped seeking news of her benefactor. But on social media, the benefactor never responded to her messages. She tried finding out through Han Chengbei, but he ignored her, so she was at a loss.
“Brother Tang is my life-saving benefactor. Without him, there wouldn’t be a me today.”
Ye Xingguang gave a dry laugh. This was indeed an awkward coincidence, but no matter, she boldly greeted Ling Han: “What a coincidence. Remember to cheer for me later.”
Ling Han’s eyes teared up, no one knew how much Tang Yi’s kindness meant to her. A person desperate enough to consider suicide, completely turned her fate around and became a famous singer. For Ling Han, Tang Yi was her hope in this world.
“I will definitely cheer for you, Brother Tang. After the match, may I invite you to dinner? I’ve always wanted to buy you dinner but never found the opportunity. Rest assured, I have no other intentions, I just simply want to express my gratitude.”
[Today’s update ends here, I will continue updating tomorrow, please vote and recommend, kisses~~]
###Chapter 1023: Chapter 1023: The Big Tumor Overturns the Vinegar Jar1
“Sure, no problem, just remember to treat me to a big meal.” After saying this, she waves her hand: “You guys go ahead and be busy, I’m going to get ready.”
As Tang Zhou walked with her, he became a bit worried after seeing some of the contestants: “Are you really up for this? I’ve seen those players, all from wealthy and noble families, and I’ve played golf with them before, they’re all pretty good.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang has no psychological pressure at all: “I don’t know, but what does it matter? I’m not all that competitive, I’m just looking for something to pass the time. Even if I lose, it’s Tang Yi who’s losing, nobody knows it’s actually me, Ye Xingguang, so it’s not my face that’s getting shamed.”
Tang Zhou: “…”
So, why should he be eating radishes and worrying about nothing?
“Alright, you have fun, I’m going to find Brother Qing.”
Ye Xingguang nods, and once Tang Zhou leaves, she starts her pre-competition prep on the boundless green field.
Truth be told, Ye Xingguang really doesn’t take the competition seriously, participating just to pass the time with no strong desire to win, she feels no psychological pressure at all. This also lets her take an interest in checking out the other contestants – except for one fatty, the other players were all quite a sight for sore eyes, not only handsome looking but also with great hairstyles that made one can’t help but take a few more glances.
“Bro, what’s your name?” A rich heir about five meters to her left whistles at her.
“I’m Tang Yi, how about you?”
“Tang Yi? Never heard of that name, I am Han Chengxi, which family do you belong to?”
In the capital’s circle of the wealthy, Han Chengxi hardly came across a young master he didn’t know, especially one so delicate and with such refined feminine features. Han Chengxi said, “Judging by your accent, you’re not a local of the capital, right?”
“Haha, Brother Han’s got sharp eyes, I’m from another province. You’re Han Chengxi, is Han Chengbei related to you?”
“Han Chengbei? He’s my cousin. Why, do you know him?”
Ye Xingguang said, “Yes, we’re good friends.”
Han Chengxi smiled, took out his phone, and sent a WeChat message to Han Chengbei: [Tang Yi, know him? What’s his background?]
Soon enough, Han Chengbei replied: [What Tang Yi? I have no idea who that is.]
Han Chengxi: [He says he’s good friends with you.]
Han Chengbei: [All these random cats and dogs trying to connect with me? Send me a photo.]
Han Chengxi sneakily snapped a photo of Ye Xingguang and sent it over. Barely three seconds later, Han Chengbei’s call came in: “Where are you? That’s my grandpa, quick, send me the address!”
Han Chengxi said,” Didn’t you say you didn’t know him? It’s at Sun Hao’s golf club, we are all contestants here.”
Han Chengbei dropped a line: “I’m telling you, look out for him, don’t let anyone bully him, or you and I are not done, I’m on my way.”
As if anyone was bullying her; what a ridiculous idea. Han Chengxi just hung up the call.
Not long after, the preliminary round began.
The rules of the preliminary round:
① Contestants must hit 10 balls within 2 minutes, a ball hit outside the allocated time will not be counted.
② Any contestant who gets more than 5 balls (including 5) in will move on to the final round. Scores from the preliminary round do not carry over into the final.
There were nearly fifty contestants in the preliminary round, and Ye Xingguang was the 45th in line.
Han Chengbei sped all the way to the club, and he arrived just as Ye Xingguang was up for her competition. She hadn’t even swung her club yet, and among the onlookers beyond the caution line, there was someone holding a light board high, acting as a cheerleader: “Go Tang Yi, go…”
That person was none other than Han Chengbei, who had hurried over to cheer for Ye Xingguang.
###Chapter 1024: Chapter 1024: The Big Tumor Overturns the Vinegar Jar 2
Xiaohua sat in Ye Junqing’s arms, turning her head to look at Han Chengbei, who was cheering energetically. When she saw the light board he was holding up, she exclaimed, “Wow! What is that! I want it!”
Ye Junqing looked over and his entire face immediately seemed to be enveloped by the cold winds of Siberia. Damn that Han Chengbei, the light board in his hand actually featured a giant poster of his wife in a male disguise!
Xiaohua excitedly reached out her hand, “I want one too, I want one too, I want one too!”
Ye Junqing was infuriated. His wife was in a competition and he didn’t even have a light board, while this kid Han Chengbei was fully equipped, making him look like an incompetent husband!
Without a comparison, there would be no hurt. Ye Junqing directly released Xiaohua: “Xiaohua, if you want it, go ask that uncle for it.”
Xiaohua nodded cutely with her lovely little head and toddled over to Han Chengbei. Raising her adorable little head high, her voice was even more sweet and infantile: “Uncle, can you give me one?”
“Oh, which little treasure are you!” Han Chengbei looked down and saw Xiaohua, his eyes immediately lighting up.
It seemed familiar; Han Chengbei thought for a moment, “Little darling, you are the little CEO of the Giant Star Group, Yin Xiaohua, right? Weren’t you the one holding hands with your Queen Mommy when she visited the Undersea Empire?”
Xiaohua nodded obediently, her beautiful big eyes focused on the light board Han Chengbei was holding above his head: “Uncle, can you give it to me?”
“This…”
Han Chengbei thought for a moment: “Uncle can carry you on my shoulders, and we can cheer together.”
After saying that, Han Chengbei lifted Xiaohua onto his neck, allowing her to sit there holding the poster, and continued to shout enthusiastically: “Tang Yi, go for it… Tang Yi, I love you… Tang Yi, you are the best…”
Ye Junqing, whose trick did not succeed and who had even lost a little supporter: “!!!!”
With a bang, Ye Junqing crushed the plastic water bottle in his hand.
The tall and upright figure rose abruptly, taking fierce and stormy strides, he walked directly to Han Chengbei. As he took Xiaohua down from Han Chengbei’s shoulders, he also snatched away the light board poster from Han Chengbei’s hands.
“Damn it, Ye Junqing, you bandit! You dare to rob in broad daylight.”
“I robbed it, so what?”
Ye Junqing not only robbed it, but also made a call to Xiao Yun to bring people over to subdue Han Chengbei. Then, with the fruits of victory in hand, he carried his daughter back to their seat and, completely disregarding his image, held up the poster light board high. Although he wasn’t shouting as openly as Han Chengbei, he was still very eye-catching!
During the competition, Ye Xingguang’s dashing moves scored 10 goals in just two minutes. The first thing she did was to look for Ye Junqing’s voice in the crowd, seeking his affirming gaze.
The conspicuous light board made it easy for her to spot her own big troublemaker.
Wow! Since when did the big troublemaker make a light board; Ye Xingguang’s face instantly bloomed like a radiant flower.
While waiting for the preliminary results, Ye Xingguang excitedly took out her phone and WeChatted Ye Junqing: “The light board looks so pretty, hubby, when did you make it? I had no idea!”
Ye Junqing, shamelessly monopolizing someone else’s achievement: “If you knew, how could I surprise you?”
Ye Xingguang sent three heart emojis in quick succession.
Ye Junqing, looking at the three hearts, was very satisfied. He looked up, wanting to send a covert affectionate glance to his little mermaid, but to his surprise, Han Chengbei had already pounced toward the little mermaid!!!noveldrama
###Chapter 1025: Chapter 1025: Tricked Badly by Han Chengbei 1
Han Chengbei not only pounced like a wolf but also exaggeratedly hollered, “My dear baby brother Tang Yi, I can’t believe you can play golf too! Why didn’t you tell me you were entering the golf tournament? That swing you just made was simply too cool, it dazzled me until I was seeing stars.”
Five meters away to the left of Ye Xingguang, Han Chengxi, hearing these words, was full of black lines, watching his cousin’s enthusiastic antics, he shielded his face with his hand.
To be honest, Ye Xingguang’s play wasn’t that handsome either; out of ten balls, she only managed to hit five, barely making it into the finals. There were plenty of people playing better than her on the field, but listening to Han Chengbei, it seemed as if she was the best player there.
Ye Xingguang was caught in Han Chengbei’s sudden embrace before she could react. As soon as she came to her senses, Ye Junqing’s cold arrow had already been shot from afar, and she immediately pushed Han Chengbei away, saying, “What are you doing? Don’t mess up my game, tone it down a bit!”
Han Chengbei refused to relent; after hugging her, he even provocatively wiggled his eyebrows at Ye Junqing, who was outside the barrier.
Go ahead and steal my signboard, then I’ll just hug your woman!
Got the guts to hit me? Come on then!
Han Chengbei stretched out his arm, wrapped it around Ye Xingguang’s, and patted her shoulder in a buddy-buddy manner, “You’re looking pretty sharp in this getup, Tang Yi, haha, that name’s good too. Did you make it into the finals yet? I’ll go check the preliminary results for you, wait here for me.”
As soon as Han Chengbei left, Ye Xingguang stretched out her hand and made a heart gesture toward the packed crowd outside the caution line.
Seeing her make a heart sign, Ye Junqing took a deep breath to quell his irritation. Then he raised the signboard in his hand.
A moment later, Han Chengbei came running back: “You’re in, you’re in! You just made it into the finals. Play well, strive to win the championship in the finals.”
“Someone who only managed to hit five balls in the preliminaries is going to win the championship in the finals? Han, are you being too confident in your little brother?”
“Who’s yapping here?” Han Chengbei’s voice was laden with playful disdain as he looked toward the young man speaking. On recognizing who it was, he chuckled, “Oh, it’s Young Master Ji. Why have you left Yue City to come to the capital? Don’t tell me you’re out of pocket money and came to ask your grandfather for more?”
At those words, Ji Weisheng’s face turned incredibly sour.noveldrama
Ji Weisheng’s mother was considered to have married beneath her status. After moving to Yue City, her in-laws weren’t very supportive. Luckily, her own family was, which made Ji Weisheng all the keener to visit his maternal grandfather, from whom he could always get a considerable amount of spending money. Now, with the New Year approaching, Ji Weisheng planned to spend the entire Spring Festival with his father at his grandfather’s house, living the life of a spoiled and idle young master who just extends his hand for money to squander. But having Han Chengbei mock him made it taste like vinegar to his ears.
Ji Weisheng retorted, “Didn’t you see that I came to compete?”
Ji Weisheng might not excel in other areas, but he was very much into the hobbies popular among the scions of the affluent circles, and was eager to delve into them, displaying his upper-class status. Today, with all competitors present, his desire to win was the strongest, and his performance in the preliminaries was the best, scoring with all ten shots.
Ye Xingguang did not know Ji Weisheng, but she did not mind complimenting someone who played better than her, “You played very well.”
Ji Weisheng loved being complimented and immediately walked with a bit of a swagger, “You’re not too bad either. At such a young age, being able to hit five balls is pretty good. Practice more, and you can do even better in the future. If you want to improve faster, make friends with me. I’ll teach you how to play. Although you’re destined not to win the championship this time, I guarantee you’ll still have your chance in the future…”
###Chapter 1026: Chapter 1026: Tricked Badly by Han Chengbei 2
Ye Xingguang could tolerate what was being said, but Han Chengbei could not, “Ji Weisheng, how about we make a bet? If my brother Tang… in the finals…”
Before Han Chengbei could finish speaking, Ye Xingguang harshly stepped on his foot to prevent him from continuing. How could she possibly win the championship in the finals? She wasn’t a professional golfer. During the qualifiers, she only got five out of ten balls in. One should be aware of their own abilities; she was there just for the participation and for fun!
Ji Weisheng roared with laughter: “Young Master Han, you must be joking. If this little brother can win the championship, I’ll twist off my head and give it to you.”noveldrama
Hearing this, Han Chengbei, unwilling to let it go even with Ye Xingguang stepping firmly on him, tried to quiet her by rubbing her head, insisting that one has to maintain their pride. Han Chengbei wouldn’t allow anyone to belittle his pal. If they lost the match, they could just start over. After all, his pal had “regret medicine”; one day, they would win the championship…
In Han Chengbei’s eyes, Ye Xingguang had plenty of “regret medicine.”
Therefore, Han Chengbei continued: “How much is your head worth that you’d wager it? If my brother Tang wins the championship, I don’t want your head, I want ten million, how about that?”
Ji Weisheng, unlike these real well-born young masters, actually found ten million to be quite a lot. Ji Weisheng himself didn’t work and was living off his family’s resources, so he hesitated when he heard the amount.
“What if she doesn’t win the championship?”
“Then I’ll give you twenty million!” Han Chengbei has money to burn.
Ji Weisheng’s eyes lit up immediately: “I’ll take that bet!”
This bet didn’t even account for winning the championship; it was just about the young man not winning. Ji Weisheng was certain of victory and energetically got several contestants to be witnesses, just to make sure Han Chengbei wouldn’t go back on his word.
Especially Han Chengxi: “Young Master Han, please be our witness. Your cousin said, if this young man doesn’t win the championship, he’s willing to accept the loss and pay me twenty million. I believe the Han family are people of their word.”
Hearing this, Han Chengxi frowned, disapprovingly looking at Han Chengbei: “If you have too much money and nowhere to spend it, you can give it to me. Brother Tang’s skills are not enough to win the championship; his performance was mediocre in the preliminary rounds, and it was mostly luck that he got into the finals.”
“Anyway, I have plenty of money, what’s it to you?” Han Chengbei patted Ye Xingguang on the shoulder: “Tang Yi, it’s up to you now.”
Ye Xingguang wished she could kick Han Chengbei away, what a unnecessary trouble, if he had too much money he could spend it on her!
Ye Xingguang sent a WeChat message to Ye Junqing, complaining about being put in an awkward position by Han Chengbei.
Ye Xingguang: “Husband, Han Chengbei has set me up terribly. He actually used whether I can win the championship as a bet with someone named Ji Weisheng. How could I possibly win the championship?”
“Why not? Don’t you want a ‘ten-times-in-one-night’?” This was Ye Junqing’s reply.
Ye Xingguang: “!!!!”
Ye Junqing: “I believe in you, wife, you can do it. If you win the championship, I’ll give you thirty million.”
Ye Xingguang: “The problem is I can’t win the championship. Having gone through the qualifiers, I’ve realized my level compared to these players. If these players are compared to middle school students taking exams, then I’m the last one who barely got into high school. How could I become the top scholar of the college entrance exam?”
Ye Junqing: “Believe in yourself. There’s nothing wrong with your skills. Golf is 20% skill, 80% psychology. If you win the championship, I’ll let you do whatever you want.”
###Chapter 1027: Chapter 1027: Mo Yinhe’s Cheating Methods 1
Ye Xingguang: Is this all that a man’s brain can hold?
Ye Xingguang: “I’m not interested in this reward. Give me something more tempting.”
Ye Junqing: “Like what?”
Ye Xingguang pondered: “If I win the championship, on New Year’s Eve, you will stand on the pinnacle of the city and shout three times for me: Ye Xingguang, I love you! Set off some huge fireworks in the shape of hearts. You know, something along those lines~~~”
Ye Junqing: “Okay, I’ll satisfy all of your requests.”noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: !!! Shall I go all out just to make that big tumor personally say ‘I love you’ to me?
Up until now, that big tumor has never said those three words to her!
It was only on the day they got their marriage certificate that the big tumor wrote it on a little card. Thinking about it, it feels so unromantic!
Ye Xingguang put away her phone and said to Han Chengbei: “Alright, I’ll do my best.”
“What the hell did you talk about with that bastard Ye Junqing that even now you’re blushing with happiness, when just a moment ago you wanted to kick me to death?”
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes: “You’re the bastard. Watch your language, or it’s over between us! Anyway, I just need to strive for the championship. What does it matter to you what us newlyweds discussed?”
Han Chengbei couldn’t control his hands and soothingly stroked her short hair: “Alright, it’s all up to you. Play well. If you lose, we’ll just have to take a regret pill and try again. We must win that championship, right? Lately, my brother has siphoned all the money to Xingguang Travel Agency; I’m not going to hand over money to Ji Weisheng for nothing.”
“So why did you still make a bet?”
“That guy dared to say those things to you. You might tolerate it, but I can’t. Remember, if we lose, we take the regret pill!” Han Chengbei kept reminding her and even ran off to buy her water to drink, bustling back and forth to serve her.
Only when the final competition officially started did Han Chengbei leave the field and cross the cordon line.
The rules of the final:
① Contestants have to hit 5 balls within 1 minute, and any balls hit outside the designated time don’t count.
② After the 5 balls, contestants can choose to accept or forego an additional challenge. That is, trade one valid ball for three strikes (limited to once), and the traded valid ball will not be included in the final score.
③ The contestant with the most valid balls in the end will be the champion. Only one winner is selected. If there is a tie, a playoff will commence.
There were thirty-one players entering the finals, all spirited and playing superbly, so when it was Ye Xingguang’s turn, she truly felt overwhelmed. Holding the golf club, she took deep breaths, one after another.
Hit five balls in one minute. Sigh, this reminded her of the happy times on the island in her youth, with her dad standing behind her, holding her hands, teaching her how to play golf with both hands on the club.
Song Chuanqi sat in the stands, watching his daughter play with binoculars.
His daughter’s spirited image under the sunlight reminded him of those old days when he taught her how to play golf, making him reminisce beside Bai Lanwu about those beautiful times, feeling how fast the time had passed~~
Mo Yinhe slipped away from Song Chuanqi’s side without anyone noticing and, with his cold, small steps, moved away from the crowd. Then, he turned the communication ring in his hand, tapping away on the holographic virtual keyboard.
A pair of deep and expressive small black eyes stared at Ye Xingguang’s swinging movement. The moment Ye Xingguang swung, the small hands rapidly tapped on the holographic keyboard.
“Aww! The first ball is in!” Han Chengbei also watched with binoculars: “Aww! The second ball is in too! The third ball is in! The fourth ball is in! Oh my gosh, the fifth ball, it’s in as well, a perfect score, heavens! My Lord! My angel!”
###Chapter 1028: Chapter 1028: Mo Yinhe’s Cheating Methods 2noveldrama
Ye Xingguang was amazed by her own performance—had she really made all five shots?
Is this for real?
What a phenomenal play!
She had never played this beautifully in all her previous records!
Could this be the power of love?
Basking in the sun, Ye Xingguang felt like she was about to be overwhelmed by her own coolness!
“My daughter played so well,” Bai Lanwu said while watching the match through a telescope.
A smiling Song Chuanqi’s eyes were filled with pride for his daughter: “She has never played this well before; this is an extraordinary performance, very good, very good.”
“More than just good, it’s a pity I didn’t record it on the phone just now. I think my daughter can keep up this extraordinary performance! She can opt for the additional challenge to vie for a better ranking.”
Song Chuanqi empathized: “Let’s see the scores of the other players.”
After all the players had finished, out of the thirty-one players, ten had made all five shots. Six of them chose the additional challenge, exchanging one effective ball for three additional strokes, and four players gave up on the additional challenge.
Out of the players who didn’t make all five shots, all of them chose the additional challenge, hoping to take another shot and perhaps score even higher.
Han Chengxi came up to Ye Xingguang and patted his shoulder: “Youngster, good play just now, better than in the preliminaries. Give it your best, don’t let my cousin’s ten million go to waste.”
“Haha, I was a bit nervous during the preliminaries, now I’m playing at my true level, you played well too,” Ye Xingguang boasted airily.
Not far away, Ji Weisheng glanced at Ye Xingguang, surprised that the kid really had some skills.
Ji Weisheng was of course among those who made all five shots, but seeing Ye Xingguang’s strong performance, suddenly felt the pressure. Ten million at stake, Ji Weisheng lacked nothing but money, he couldn’t afford to lose.
Just as Ye Junqing said, golf is all about the mindset. Perhaps due to the psychological pressure, Ji Weisheng, who took the additional challenge, exchanged one effective ball for three stroke opportunities, but did not make all of them, only two.
Ji Weisheng’s brows furrowed tightly, glaring fiercely at the other players, especially when Ye Xingguang began to play, his eyes were wide open, standing to the side as if inwardly praying to the gods, wishing that Ye Xingguang wouldn’t sink a single ball.
“Tang Yi, come on! Tang Yi, come on! Tang Yi, come on!”
Ye Junqing turned to look; it wasn’t Han Chengbei cheering for his “Little Mermaid” this time, but a female celebrity. He’d forgotten her name, but vaguely remembered taking “Little Mermaid” to one of her concerts.
Tang Zhou snatched a light sign from Xiao Huahua and started chanting: “Tang Yi, come on! Tang Yi, come on! Tang Yi, come on!”
Not to be outdone, Han Chengbei somehow found a trumpet: “Yi Yi, come on! Yi Yi, come on! Yi Yi, come on!”
Ye Xingguang waved towards her cheer squad, whoosh~~
Hoping she could perform extraordinarily well again!
She gripped the club tightly, aiming for the direction and landing point, whoosh~~~
Lift the club, swing, the golf ball soars, thwack…
Everyone followed her movements, watching the golf ball trace a perfect parabola through the air, while away from the crowd, Mo Yinhe was once again controlling the holographic keyboard, fiercely hitting the Enter key.
“Thud!” In this moment, silence was louder than sound, and the referee made a gesture to indicate: it’s a hole-in-one.
“Ah ah ah!” Tang Zhou suddenly leaped up.
###Chapter 1029: Chapter 1029: Mo Yinhe’s Cheating Methods 3
Next up, the second ball, “Ah! It’s in again! It’s in again! What level is this!”
Then, for the third ball, upon seeing the referee’s hand signal, Tang Zhou excitedly hugged Han Chengbei sitting next to him into a bundle, and after they realized whom each other was hugging, they quickly pushed each other away and then continued to scream crazily!
They were just like two die-hard fans!
Then there was another little die-hard fan joyfully rolling in Ye Junqing’s embrace, “Mommy is so amazing! Mommy is so awesome! La la la la! La la la la! La la la la la la la…”
Hua Xiaozhu started humming a melody.
“Damn it!” Ji Weisheng stomped his feet in disbelief, “She actually made eight shots!”
This young man had an average performance during the preliminaries, but entering the finals, he turned out to be a dark horse, leaving everyone stunned!noveldrama
Ye Xingguang herself jumped up in excitement, “Hahaha, I hit every shot, swinging her short hair coolly, ‘Now, I’m no longer the one from the preliminaries, please call me Ye·Golf Mastery·Xingguang!'”
Half an hour later, the referee announced the results of the match, with Ye Xingguang and two other contestants tied for first place.
According to the competition rules, the one with the most effective shots is the champion, but only one can be chosen, so if there’s a tie, it goes into overtime.
So now, it’s going into overtime, adding five shots, hitting five balls within one minute, and the highest scorer is the champion.
The other two contestants couldn’t help but give Ye Xingguang, who seemed young, a big thumbs up.
“Young man, you’ve got this, let’s have another round, just the three of us.”
“No problem, today we meet our match, winning or losing doesn’t matter, what’s important is having fun with the opponent.”
Ye Xingguang nodded vigorously: “Right, right, right, let’s have another round.”
She initially came to the competition just for fun, but now that she’s unexpectedly performing beyond her best, she’s having the time of her life, feeling utterly refreshed! What a joy on the penultimate day of the year.
The only one not feeling happy was Ji Weisheng, mourning over his wallet!
Ji Weisheng looking at the enthusiasm of the other two players, like looking at his own God of Fortune, you guys must beat this kid down, otherwise, my money!!!
In the last round of the overtime, since there were only three people, it went by very quickly.
The other two contestants, both older than Ye Xingguang, therefore let Ye Xingguang take the first shot.
“Then I won’t be polite.”
Ye Xingguang held the golf club, got ready, and before swinging, made a heart gesture towards the audience.
Mo Yinhe was paying close attention to her movements, seeing the smile on her face, Mo Yinhe, the overbearing CEO, inexplicably pleased, curled up his crimson lips, and for the first time realized that besides pampering Hua Xiaozhu, making this big woman happy also felt very good – it seems this big lady might really be his mom…
In the competition arena, the first ball, total victory!
The second ball, total victory!
The third ball, another total victory!
“Hahaha, I knew it, Tang Yi loves me, he can’t bear to waste my twenty million!” shouted Han Chengbei exuberantly.
Ye Junqing, hearing Han Chengbei’s voice, glared at him with narrowed eyes – who gave him that much face? His little mermaid tail obviously wanted him to declare his love publicly on New Year’s Eve, so she performed extraordinarily!
###Chapter 1030: Chapter 1030: Mo Yinhe’s Cheating Methods 4
Ye Xingguang was so excited that she swung her fourth ball with style, followed swiftly by the fifth ball…
Next to her, Ji Weisheng felt like vomiting blood. His shots were once again perfect. Was it still not too late for him to regret the bet?
Ji Weisheng wished he could kneel down and pray that the next two players could also hit perfect shots and take the game to extra rounds. Otherwise, he would be kissing his ten million goodbye. A mere trifle for Han Chengbei, but to him, that might be his entire year’s allowance!
But it seemed that fate was playing tricks on him today.
The other two players hit four and three balls respectively, so the outcome was obvious.
Everything went dark before Ji Weisheng’s eyes as he staggered, nearly collapsing to the ground.
Seeing his dizzy state, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel a bit sorry for the guy. He was really unlucky, casually losing ten million, but what was that to her? Ha-ha-ha, she was having a blast.
When the competition finally ended, Ye Xingguang not only won the first place trophy, but also made acquaintances with several other competitors who expressed their desire to play golf with her in the future.noveldrama
Han Chengbei strode confidently up to the fleeing Ji Weisheng, arms crossed, “Buddy, a bet’s a bet. How do you plan to pay up, transfer or card swipe?”
“Can I make installment payments?” Ji Weisheng felt like crying.
Han Chengbei, aware of his financial situation, responded, “Sure, as long as you pay the interest. I’m easy to talk to. Let’s make it ten installments; pay me one million a month and we’ll call it even on the interest. Remember, don’t strut around thinking you’re unbeatable, or my precious Ye Ye will teach you a lesson in humility.”
Ye Xingguang kicked Han Chengbei with the trophy in her arms, “Spare him where you can.”
“For my precious Ye Ye’s sake, I’ll waive the interest. Just sincerely apologize to her now and tuck that arrogant tail of yours away!” Han Chengbei couldn’t stand anyone looking down on his treasure.
No interest if he apologized?
Ji Weisheng immediately bowed deeply at a ninety-degree angle to Ye Xingguang, “Great master! I was blind to your eminence. I was too arrogant before. Please, forgive my pettiness and do not lower yourself to my level. There are always bigger fish, and your golfing skills are indeed better than mine. I admit defeat!”
Ye Xingguang, trophy in hand, didn’t bother with Ji Weisheng’s rambling: “I forgive you. You play well too. Catch you later.”
“Hey, where you headed?” Han Chengbei called after her.
“Going to find Tang Zhou.”
Of course, going to find Tang Zhou was just an excuse. She wanted to show off her trophy to the big pest and her parents! She also needed to select a reward for the big pest because, on tomorrow night’s New Year’s Eve, she wanted to hear those three words from the big pest himself!
Those clichéd but desirable three words!
“Hey, woman, are you happy?” On her way to find the big pest, the cool Mo Yinhe blocked her path.
Ye Xingguang scooped up Mo Yinhe in a hug: “Happy, but darling, why are you just sitting here by yourself?”
“I didn’t feel like watching you play, so just found a place to chill!” Mo Yinhe’s cool little voice was laced with disdain, “And remember, I haven’t approved it yet. Don’t call me your darling. Call me Little Boss Mo!”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, I’ll continue tomorrow. Vote for monthly tickets, recommend tickets, kisses~~]
###Chapter 1031: Chapter 1031 Tang Zhou Knows the Truth 1
Ye Xingguang left a big drool mark on his meticulously carved cute face: “Okay, I’ll call you Little Mo CEO, Little Mo CEO, do you think mom looks pretty with the trophy?”
“So-so, just that.” Mo Yinhe disdainfully wiped off the drool mark on his face.noveldrama
Ye Xingguang wasn’t discouraged at all: “I think it looks great, hehe, I never expected I’d have a potential for golf. I’ve never played so well, mom is so happy.”
Mo Yinhe snorted dismissively, “As long as you’re happy.”
“Tang Yi.” Ling Han searched for a while and found Ye Xingguang.
“Oh, Ling the big star.”
“Don’t call me that, can we have lunch together at noon? I’ve already arranged a private room right here at the golf club to celebrate your championship,” Ling Han said enthusiastically.
But Ye Xingguang was currently looking to find the big trouble, “Did you invite anyone else?”
Ling Han said, “Indeed there are some people, if you think there are too many, I can invite you alone for a meal. I’ve already invited your cousin Tang Zhou, Tang Zhou said he came with family, so I invited them all, do you mind?”
“Of course not, we came together anyway, I was planning to suggest you invite everyone.”
Ling Han breathed a sigh of relief, his gaze landed on Mo Yinhe in Ye Xingguang’s arms, “This must be Mo Yinhe, the young CEO from the Undersea Empire, right? I saw it on the news, such a young age to become the CEO of a major group in the empire, are they all staying at Ye’s Family now?”
Ye Xingguang said, “Little Mo CEO and Ye Group are currently discussing a cooperative project, so he’s a guest at Ye’s Family.”
“I saw on the news too, heard Ye Group got an exclusive land partnership for a communication ring more advanced than mobile phones, looking forward to having the chance to buy it soon, it looks very sophisticated.”
Ling Han led the way up front, the two chatting casually.
Ye Xingguang asked, “How’s life for you now?”
Ling Han was overwhelmed with gratitude: “How should I say, I want to use a phrase, you brought me the most beautiful hope in the world. After this year, I plan to enter the entertainment industry, a director has already invited me to act, really don’t know how to thank you?”
Ye Xingguang playfully grinned, “Just sing well, strive for each song to top the music charts, that’s the best thank you to me. Actually, I only gave you a chance, your achievements today are still your own doing.”
“But, you don’t understand how rare this opportunity is for me, how much of a blessing it was.”
Anyway, in Ling Han’s heart, the youth before her, is just like a second parent to her.
Ling Han brought her to the private room, which was already full of people: Ye Junqing, Xiao Huahua, Song Chuanqi, Bai Lanwu, Ji Qishu, and other close brothers were all sitting and chatting. Seeing Ye Xingguang come in, Ji Qishu blew a whistle and led a round of applause, “Let’s warmly welcome today’s true champion, the beautiful youth Tang Yi!”
Tang Zhou, Fu Zhuo, Mu Nianbai, Mo Zhe, and others were rousing cheers, no one expected Ye Xingguang to play golf so well.
“Hehe, thank you, thank you.”
When Sun Hao was arranging the seats, he placed Ye Xingguang next to Ling Han without much thought, but others had already secretly calculated their seats, so as soon as Ye Xingguang sat down holding Mo Yinhe, he was next to Ye Junqing.
###Chapter 1032: Chapter 1032 Tang Zhou Knows the Truth 2noveldrama
But there is actually still a distance between them, with two children’s tables and chairs set in the middle, one belonging to Little Flower, and the other to Mo Yinhe. Ye Xingguang is very satisfied with this seating arrangement.
As the host, Sun Hao raised his glass and said with a voice full of surprise and delight: “I thank all the big shots here today for honoring me with your presence, allowing me to organize this dinner. Tang Yi is Ling Han’s lifesaver, and so is mine. Here, firstly, I want to thank brother Tang Yi for saving a life, and secondly, congratulate brother Tang Yi on winning the competition championship. Cheers, everyone.”
On any regular day, not all of these people around the table might show Sun Hao face, but today, everyone obligingly raised their glasses, making Sun Hao feel extremely honored. As a welcoming gift, Sun Hao also gave out several VIP cards for a golf club.
After having a drink, Tang Xiao asked curiously, “A life-saving debt, Tang Yi, what kind of life-saving deed did you perform for Miss Ling?”
Actually, Sun Hao was curious too, but his precious little pop star didn’t want to talk details, so Sun Hao didn’t feel it right to keep asking. Now that someone else had brought it up, Sun Hao was all ears.
Ye Xingguang put down her glass and said, “It was nothing, just a helping hand, kind of like what Tang Zhou, um, did…”
She spoke quite euphemistically, but aside from Tang Zhou and Sun Hao, everyone else present was startled into action!
Tang Zhou: “Why drag me into this? What did I do?”
“Nothing, just drink,” Tang Xiao patted Tang Zhou’s shoulder a couple of times.
Yet Tang Zhou felt that there seemed to be something going on that he didn’t know about but everyone else did. Damn, it was frustrating when people kept him on tenterhooks like this.
After the dinner party was over and they were sitting in the car, Tang Zhou kept questioning Tang Xiao non-stop.
Since it was all in the past, Tang Xiao felt that it was fine to tell him, so he shared how he had died once and was brought back by Shen Mo.
Tang Zhou: “!!!”
Tang Zhou: “”
Tang Zhou rolled up his sleeves: “Bro, you’re pulling my leg, right?”
“No one’s joking with you. Back then everyone was preparing for your funeral. If it weren’t for Xingguang’s medicinal pill, by now grass would be growing on your grave. That pill was actually supposed to be mine, but Shen Mo managed to swallow it first, and then he went back to the moment of your accident, and saved you before you were killed by Leng Weixuan.”
Tang Zhou: “!!!!”
Tang Zhou: “How come nobody told me about such a huge thing?”
“Time has passed, and you being safe and sound is what’s most important. Cherish your current life and try to stay out of trouble. The less you make enemies, the more at peace you can be.” As he said this, Tang Xiao couldn’t help but start lecturing Tang Zhou on keeping out of trouble.
It’s not like he was making trouble, he was clearly standing up for his little sidekick!
Tang Zhou called Leng Chenmo: “Hey, Leng the real dragon emperor, where are you?”
Leng the real dragon emperor is the nickname Tang Zhou gave to Leng Chenmo when he was in a good mood.
On the other end of the phone, Leng Chenmo said, “At Leng’s Family. Has the competition ended?”
“It ended a while ago. Do you know what place your sister got?”
Without waiting for Leng Chenmo to guess, Tang Zhou eagerly said, “Haha, you’ll definitely never guess. She won the championship. Her golf skills are incredibly dramatic, like a dark horse on the course that everyone is insanely infatuated with. She was average in the preliminary but was absolutely perfect in the final. Right, why are you at Leng’s Family?”
###Chapter 1033: Chapter 1033: Little Lackey, Stand Up for Me 1
“Something’s come up, I’ll be home later tonight.”
Leng Chenmo must really have something to do as he did not chit-chat on the phone, and hung up right after speaking.
“This kid actually hung up on me!” Tang Zhou got annoyed: “He actually tells me he has something to do, he’s not even a member of Leng’s Family anymore, yet he goes back there, could he be getting bullied at Leng’s Family, brother, you take another car, I’m going to drive to Leng’s Family and check on him.”
“Why join the commotion?”
“How can this be called joining the commotion! Leng Chenmo is under my protection, if something happens to him, how can I not be there to defend him, get out of the car already, take Nian Bai’s car!”
With no regard for anyone else, Tang Zhou directly shooed his own brother out of the car, then drove his eye-blindingly flashy sports car, roaring off towards Leng’s Family.
Tang Zhou drove up to the entrance of Leng’s Family estate, saw the guards standing watch by the gate, and he honked the horn madly, rolling down the window and shouting, “Open the gate for me!”
The guards recognized Tang Zhou and hesitated for a moment, as if making a call to someone. It seemed like the person on the phone reassured them, and then the tall iron gates were opened for Tang Zhou, who stepped on the gas and zoomed right in.
Ever since Leng’s Family fell into trouble, what was once a bustling and well-visited grand household, everyone recently seemed to prefer staying as far away as possible. Thus, Leng’s Family, usually bustling during the New Year, now seemed somewhat desolate with even the roadside greenery looking lackluster.
Actually, Tang Zhou hadn’t visited Leng’s Family often, so driving around the estate, he didn’t even know where to go. He could only drive aimlessly along the roads for a while, until finally, he saw a villa with dozens of people huddled in the courtyard, all kneeling down. Kneeling so casually, as if it were a matter of dignity, was not the norm these days, so Tang Zhou’s curiosity was thoroughly piqued.
He didn’t drive straight there, instead, he parked at a distance, then snuck out of the car, stealthily making his way over.
There was a wall around the villa with a big tree next to it, and Tang Zhou directly climbed the tree, reaching the top of the wall, using the leaves as cover for his head to spy on the secrets in the yard.
Looking down, he saw Leng Chenmo seated in the courtyard, leisurely playing chess with his foster father.
Both were sitting on stone benches, with Leng Chenmo holding a black chess piece, seemingly relaxed in his game.
But with a crowd of people kneeling beside them, his relaxed chess playing did seem a bit detestable to others.
What’s the deal here, Tang Zhou perched on the tree and looked on, but annoyingly, no one spoke for quite a while. Bored out of his mind after nearly ten minutes, he finally heard a man in his forties or fifties speak up from the kneeling crowd: “Leng Chenmo, am I qualified to speak with you now?”
Leng Chenmo didn’t even glance at the man, but the young man standing beside Leng Chenmo, whom Tang Zhou recognized as Chen Yi, often hanging out with Leng Chenmo, checked the watch on his wrist and said, “Leng bro, it’s been half an hour.”
It turns out, Leng Chenmo did not wish to speak to these people so he threw out a condition, if you want to talk to me, kneel for half an hour.
This statement was meant to drive these people away, yet to their credit, they actually knelt for half an hour just to have a word with Leng Chenmo, truly bearing humiliation and heavy burdens.noveldrama
Leng Chenmo was a man of his word, and it was only as if at that moment he noticed people kneeling in front of him. He turned his head, with a look of disapproval: “Uncle, I am the junior here, I can’t bear to have you kneeling in front of me, please stand up and speak.”
###Chapter 1034: Chapter 1034: Little Lackey, Stand Up for Me 2
The man called Third Uncle by Leng Chenmo, Tang Zhou also recognized him, it was Leng Weixuan’s father, Leng Zhenyu. Haha, he saw how Leng Zhenyu nearly passed out with anger listening to Leng Chenmo’s words; it turned out he endured humiliation and knelt for half an hour, yet Leng Chenmo hadn’t even noticed!
Leng Zhenyu almost didn’t stand up, his limbs aged and weakening: “Leng Chenmo, tell me straight, what do you want for you to let my two sons go, to get them out of prison? Don’t say you can’t do it, you were very ruthless when you initially had them put in prison. Although they are not your blood cousins, hasn’t your father raised you all these years? Aren’t the children of Leng’s Family your brothers too? Is this how you repay kindness with ingratitude?”
Pah! Tang Zhou, hanging in a tree, almost spit out, snorting, thinking of how Leng Zhenyu’s sons kicked Leng Chenmo when he was down, trying to ensure Leng Chenmo couldn’t survive in the capital.
Snorting, if it weren’t for him taking in Leng Chenmo, who knows under which bridge Leng Chenmo would have been sleeping now.
Little minion, stand up for me, if you forgive them, don’t even think about climbing onto my bed tonight!
Tang Zhou was murmuring in the tree, and he stopped his internal rant when he heard Leng Chenmo begin to speak.
“Third Uncle seems to think too highly of me. Leng Weihong was taken away by the police for committing a crime, and the case is still under review; there’s no verdict yet. What can I do to get them out? Even if the verdict is out, I don’t have the power. As for being ungrateful, that’s what I came here to talk about today…”noveldrama
Leng Chenmo no longer looked at Leng Zhenyu but instead spoke to his adoptive father: “Father, returning to Leng’s Family under improper circumstances is not ideal, so I might disappoint your expectations. However, you’re right, Leng’s Family does need someone capable and responsible to take over the storm. I recommend someone for you; you might try trusting him and nurturing him, as he could be the right person to lead Leng’s Family out of this crisis.”
“Shen Mo, who are you referring to?”
“Chen Feng.”
Before Shen Mo’s adoptive father could speak, Leng Zhenyu shouted angrily: “Chen Feng? What is he worth, how could he shoulder such a heavy responsibility during Leng’s Family’s critical moments!”
Leng Chenmo chuckled: “According to Third Uncle, is it only your son, Leng Weihong, who can shoulder this responsibility? Unfortunately, because of him, all the senior executives of Leng’s Family ended up in prison, now everyone is watching Leng’s Family’s downfall and laughing.”
“That’s all because of you!” Leng Zhenyu’s face turned livid.
“If you wish to place blame, Third Uncle, best not pin it on me, otherwise, you might find no one to care for you in your old age.”
“You!” Leng Zhenyu was so infuriated he nearly vomited blood, but considering his sons, he had to suppress his anger.
Leng Chenmo’s adoptive father said, “Shen Mo, do you really think Chen Feng is capable? He’s still young, without much experience.”
“Being young is not an issue; I wasn’t much older when I started managing things. Although Chen Feng is young, he always begs to join me in the company during summer and winter breaks, he works diligently and sensibly, is not overly ambitious, and is both courageous and strategic. He is a good candidate to cultivate. As long as you and the uncles provide him the opportunity, someday, he will be capable of standing on his own.”
Speaking with his adoptive father, Leng Chenmo’s tone was very respectful and patient, “As long as you and the uncles are willing to give him a chance.”
###Chapter 1035: Chapter 1035: Little Lackey, Stand Up for Me 3
Leng Chenmo’s foster father paused thoughtfully for a moment, “Shen Mo, could you take Chen Feng for half a year and first pull Leng’s Family’s business out of the doldrums? It was dad’s…”
“Dad, I understand.” Leng Chenmo interrupted his foster father’s self-reproach. He suddenly realized that the successor he had put a lot of effort into training was not his own flesh and blood, and that it was somewhat justifiable for his father to banish him from the house in a fit of anger.
However, being able to forgive his father didn’t mean that he could forgive the other family members who kicked him while he was down. Leng Chenmo wasn’t that good-tempered, “Dad, I agree to take Chen Feng for half a year. As for those who have been imprisoned, I’m powerless to help.”
“Big brother!” Leng Zhenyu’s eyes pleadingly looked at Leng Zhentiang, hoping he would ask for mercy on their behalf.
Leng Zhentiang sighed, “Shen Mo, your third uncle and various family members have knelt before you for half an hour. Can’t bygones be bygones?”
Leng Chenmo didn’t speak.
“Besides, you’ve hurt Weixuan so badly, that child will in the future…”
Leng Chenmo interrupted his foster father’s words, “Dad, there’s no need to speak further; I didn’t take Leng Weixuan’s life, and that was out of respect for you. After half a year, I’ll be going to Country S. During these six months, I promise to take good care of Chen Feng.”
“You’re leaving Country A?” Leng Zhentiang was shocked.
Leng Chenmo took a sip of tea, “Yes.”
Even Tang Zhou, who was sitting on the tree, was startled. How could he not know about this small follower leaving for Country S?
“The leader of Country S wants to appoint me as the Crown Prince.”
His father was not interested in the throne, and the leader of Country S, his grandfather, hoped he would return to Country S to become the Crown Prince and learn how to manage the country. After two months of careful consideration, he had agreed. In six months, he would leave.
Leng Zhentiang’s eyes were filled with reluctance, his excellently raised child of many years was no longer his son and was about to leave the country to live a higher life. While he was proud of his son, he was filled with even more regret.
Originally, Leng Zhentiang hoped that his son could continue leading Leng’s Family out of crisis. It seems now that he couldn’t keep his son with the bargaining chips he held. People aspire to rise higher as water flows to the lower ground, Leng Zhentiang sighed, “Alright, let Chen Feng have a try.”noveldrama
Leng Chenfeng was his younger brother’s son, who had died young, leaving a son with little status in the family. He hadn’t developed any dissolute traits, was generally low-key, and didn’t like to stand out, so he didn’t catch much attention, and Leng Zhentiang couldn’t see his potential.
Nevertheless, since even Shen Mo believed Chen Feng had potential, then they should let Chen Feng have a try. Right now, there was no one else in Leng’s Family who could rise to the occasion.
The game of chess was thoroughly concluded, and Leng Chenmo lost to Leng Zhentiang, “Father, I’ve lost. After this game, I’ll be heading back.”
Leng Zhentiang looked closely and saw that his son did indeed lose, but his son had clearly let him win.
“Stay for dinner before you leave, tonight, have a drink with dad.”
“Next time.”
In the yard, with so many greedy eyes watching him, this dinner would hardly be peaceful.
Leng Chenmo had no intention to stay any longer, he stepped forward and took his leave.
As he was about to get into the car outside the courtyard, he suddenly looked up towards the tree.
On the trunk, Tang Zhou who was discovered opened his arms, “Little sidekick, you’d better catch me!”
Leng Chenmo had not yet reacted when Tang Zhou boldly leapt towards him. Leng Chenmo, startled, swiftly took a few steps forward and stretched out his arms to catch…
###Chapter 1036: Chapter 1036: The Crown Prince’s Woman 1
Tang Zhou’s plunge was so fast that Leng Chenmo barely caught him. However, his legs kept retreating several steps, and he nearly got knocked down by Tang Zhou, making Chen Yi, who followed Leng Chenmo out, facepalm. Really, how old is Tang Zhou now? And still so playful!
“Why are you here?” Leng Chenmo was somewhat surprised.
Tang Zhou didn’t get off Leng Chenmo at all, with his arms around Leng Chenmo’s neck and legs wrapped around his waist, basically hanging on Leng Chenmo, saying, “Didn’t I come over because I was afraid you’d be at a disadvantage in Leng’s Family? Seems like I worried too much, if you don’t want to suffer a loss, who could make you suffer one, right?”
Leng Chenmo didn’t utter a word, ignoring the unbearable look in Chen Yi’s eyes beside him, and directly carried Tang Zhou back to his car.
After putting Tang Zhou in the passenger seat, he tossed his car keys to Chen Yi: “Bro, trouble you to drive my car to Ye’s Family estate.”
Just as Chen Yi was about to get in his car and receiving the keys, he had to halt that action.
Tang Zhou stuck his head out from the passenger window, pointing to a flashy sports car not far away: “That one there, thanks.”
“Leng bro.”
Leng Chenmo took the car keys from Chen Yi’s hand: “Thanks for the trouble.”
Well, there goes Chen Yi, ruthlessly abandoned by Leng Chenmo.
Leng Chenmo drove out of Leng’s Family estate himself, and Tang Zhou, sitting in the passenger seat, started straightening out his clothes: “Hey, what’s this about going to country S in six months? You’ve never mentioned this to me before. What am I supposed to do if you go to country S?”
“You’ll come with me.”noveldrama
“No way, I’m perfectly fine here in country A, why would I go to country S? Plus, I have my brothers and friends here. What would I have in country S?”
Leng Chenmo said, “You have me.”
Tang Zhou: “…”
Damn! Can you not brag so shamelessly!
Tang Zhou crossed his arms: “Anyway, I’m not going to country S! I don’t want to leave my brothers behind. If you want to go, you go by yourself.”
Seeing that Leng Chenmo didn’t respond, just driving thoughtfully, Tang Zhou suddenly felt he might have been a little too harsh. After thinking it through, he compromised a little: “At most, I’ll stay with you in country S for half a year, then another half year in country A. I won’t stay any longer; that is, I mean I have to return to country S every now and then to hang out with my bros!”
“Alright.” Leng Chenmo heaved a sigh of relief. Otherwise, he’d have to consider whether he really wanted to be the crown prince.
Leng Chenmo had entrepreneurial spirit, but compared to Tang Zhou, the title of crown prince wasn’t as appealing. If Tang Zhou really didn’t want to leave country A, he could start a business in the capital, continue being a businessman, rather than trying to be a politician.
“Hey, why did you agree so quickly, you could have persuaded me!” Tang Zhou suddenly played coy again.
“Persuade you about what?”
“Obviously to persuade me that I must live in country S with you, to be the crown prince’s woman!”
“I don’t want to force you into doing anything you don’t want to do.”
“!!!” Can you not be so unprincipled? It makes me feel less and less regretful about marrying you, what should I do?
Tang Zhou coughed heavily twice, reminding himself not to get lost in a man’s sweet talk. He checked the time; it’s still early, three in the afternoon. “Where to now?”
“Where do you want to go? The New Year is coming soon. How about we go to the mall to buy some clothes for the holiday?” He knew Tang Zhou liked shopping, “Your face masks are almost used up too. Shall we check out if there are any new ones?”
###Chapter 1037: Chapter 1037: The Crown Prince’s Woman 2
Ye Xingguang was also shopping at the mall. After taking off her wig cap and changing back into women’s clothes, she handed her two kids over to her parents to take home. Now, she and Ye Junqing were intertwined by their fingers, standing in front of a counter at the mall, listening to the sales associate’s presentation, and trying out makeup that she either liked or was interested in.
Ye Junqing was indifferent to cosmetics, but it seemed like he had never accompanied Xiayuwei on a shopping trip before, so today he was showing unprecedented patience. While Ye Xingguang was trying on makeup, he stood by her side offering “non-professional” opinions.
For instance: Pretty, pretty, pretty.
When trying on lipstick, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but complain: “Don’t just brush me off, how can everything look good?”
“Of course, that’s because, in my eyes, Mr. Qing, no matter what color lipstick you wear, it looks gorgeous!” Tang Zhou suddenly interjected, pulling Leng Chenmo over to where they were standing.
“Hey, Tang Zhou, what are you doing here?”
“I’m the one who wants to ask, what are you two doing here? I came to buy face masks, look at my spoils!”
Tang Zhou had bought lots of face masks as well as various skincare products. He didn’t buy makeup, but when it comes to skincare products, Tang Zhou never blinks an eye before purchasing.
Ye Junqing glanced at Leng Chenmo, who also glanced back at Ye Junqing. Both men were holding large and small bags in their hands. Ah, men~
“Tang Zhou, do you think this color of lipstick looks good on me?”
“Why pick and choose, just buy one of each color. It’s not like Mr. Qing can’t afford this little bit of money on lipstick. Just sweep them all off the shelves…”
“Alright, we’ll buy them all.” Being a straight guy, Ye Junqing really couldn’t see the difference between these lipsticks. In fact, he had wanted to suggest buying them all earlier, but he was afraid she would say he was just brushing her off, splurging without truly wanting to accompany her on a shopping trip.
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes: “Do I have that much money? I’ll just buy a few that I think look nice. Let me try them again.”
A try, and nearly twenty minutes passed.noveldrama
Tang Zhou was going crazy: “Do you know how much money Mr. Qing can earn in twenty minutes? It’s better to buy them all, it’ll save money.”
“My husband hasn’t said a word, standing by me patiently, why are you yelling? Husband, go pay with the card.”
Ye Xingguang looked on contentedly as Ye Junqing went to pay, and then continued to browse at other counters.
“Shopping with four people is more fun than just two, otherwise why would I bother staying here with you? Let’s go eat hot pot after shopping, it’s more lively with more people,” Tang Zhou suggested.
But Ye Junqing, who had paid, refused sternly: “She doesn’t eat hot pot.”
Every time she ate hot pot, she would get sick. Her stomach wasn’t made for hot pot.
“Why not? I want to eat hot pot.” Ye Xingguang’s mouth watered at the thought of hot pot.
Ye Junqing wrapped his arms around her waist: “Baby, let’s go have a candlelight dinner.”
“But I want to eat hot pot.”
“No.” Ye Junqing said, leaving no room for negotiation. “Have you forgotten how the last two times you ate hot pot, you ended up in the hospital? If you don’t want a candlelight dinner, we can go for Japanese cuisine or barbecue.”
Ye Xingguang, touching her precious stomach, swallowed hard: “Then shall we go for barbecue? Big Brother, Tang Zhou, are you guys coming?”
“Sure!” Tang Zhou wasn’t picky with food. He took out his phone: “I’ll ask Ji Qishu, Mo Fei, and Fu Zhuo if they’re coming.”
“Tell Mo Fei to bring Xiao Mi Hu as well, it’s been a long time since we gathered together.”
Tang Zhou said: “You’re not even aware of the date. Xiao Mi Hu has already gone home for the winter vacation. Damn, she and Mo Fei aren’t married yet. She’s graduating next semester. If they don’t get married soon, they’ll have to enter a lottery at the civil affairs office. Silly girl, I don’t know what’s holding her back!”
###Chapter 1038: Chapter 1038: The Crown Prince’s Woman 3
Tang Zhou didn’t expect that when he called Mo Fei, it was Xiao Mi Hu’s voice that came from the phone: “Barbecue? Where, where, I’m coming! I’m coming! Quick, send me the address.”
Tang Zhou was stunned for a moment: “Aren’t you back in your hometown?”
Xiao Mi Hu wailed on the phone: “I just escaped from home, just got off the high-speed train, sob, it was terrifying. As soon as I went home, my mom arranged a blind date for me, and she wanted me to marry the stupid son of a local landlord just because he’s from a household that’s been relocated and has three properties. My mom really wants to sell me off…”
“Three properties, that’s really something, you could marry him, your mom isn’t fooling you…” Tang Zhou didn’t finish his sentence, as the merciless busy tone came through.
After Xiao Mi Hu hung up, she threw herself into Mo Fei’s arms for comfort. She really had escaped, taking only her ID, her phone, and her household registration book, and had ridden the high-speed train for three hours, now starving.
Mo Fei stared at the household registration book in her hand: “What did you bring your household registration book for?”
“To prevent my mom from marrying me off directly, didn’t you know? Now the law recognizes so-called enforced marriages, I definitely don’t want to be foolishly married off; Mo Fei, let’s get married instead, I’d rather get a good deal with you than with the landlord’s silly son! By the way, how many properties do you have?”noveldrama
Xiao Mi Hu, with tears and snot all over her face, looked so pitiful that Mo Fei felt a sudden ache in his heart and handed her a tissue to wipe her face.
“Sss…” Xiao Mi Hu blew her nose hard, and after blowing her nose, she stuffed the used tissue into Mo Fei’s hand, saying, “I’m telling you, your properties must not be less than three. I told my mom I would find a man better than that landlord’s silly son to take back home, or else I will never go back home again. My relatives all laugh at my high standards and think I’ve gone dumb from studying, I can’t let them look down on me!”
Xiao Mi Hu vowed resolutely, determined to win this battle.
Mo Fei held her and walked to the trash can, tossed the dirty tissue after, and then led her away from the train station and into his Maybach.
Xiao Mi Hu still wanted to cry: “You don’t know how fat that landlord’s silly son is—a meter sixty and he weighs a hundred eighty pounds. The matchmaker even said we were a match made in heaven, which eye of hers saw that? They say the type of match a matchmaker finds for you reflects how they value you; do I really deserve to be matched with someone who weighs a hundred eighty pounds?”
Mo Fei wasn’t even angry about her going on blind dates at home, yet she kept crying.
“Don’t worry, I have five properties, let’s go get our marriage certificate now.”
After Mo Fei spoke, he started the car. Normally, he drove very steadily, but today he drove the Maybach with a chill nobody could approach.
However, Xiao Mi Hu didn’t notice that he was upset and kept crying, “Lucky I was clever, sneaking out of the house after my parents fell asleep at midnight. They wanted me to marry that bandit’s stupid son, not a chance!”
Mo Fei directly drove the Maybach back to Leng’s Family, grabbed his own household registration book, and then dragged Xiao Mi Hu to the civil affairs office.
Xiao Mi Hu sat in the passenger seat, a lot calmer, staring at the door of the civil affairs office: “Are we really getting our marriage certificate?”
“Do you want to marry the bandit family’s stupid son?” Mo Fei stood tall next to the passenger seat, pulled her down from the passenger seat, and then, with a “bang,” slammed the car door shut, “Or say, after graduating next half of the year, come to the civil affairs office to draw lots?”
Upon hearing this, Xiao Mi Hu immediately held onto Mo Fei’s arm, followed him into the civil affairs office. She definitely didn’t want to marry the landlord’s silly son, nor did she want to go to the civil affairs office to draw lots. Isn’t Mo Fei delightful!
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, will continue tomorrow, xoxo, asking for monthly tickets, asking for recommendations]
###Chapter 1039: Chapter 1039: New Year’s Eve Expectations 1
In a private room of a well-reputed barbecue restaurant in the capital, Ye Xingguang sat beside Ye Junqing, grilling had already begun, and the faint scent of meat rushed to her face, making her suddenly swallow a mouthful of saliva. Then she phoned Xiao Mi Hu, asking why she hadn’t arrived yet.
Xiao Mi Hu directly hung up the call, and right after, the door of the private room was pushed open by Xiao Mi Hu from the outside.
As soon as she entered, Xiao Mi Hu started yelling excitedly, “Ah! I’ve got my marriage certificate! I’ve got my marriage certificate! Today is a big, happy day for me. Here, have some wedding candies; I bought them on my way here. I’m a married girl now!”
Ye Xingguang took the wedding candies, “What do you mean you got your marriage certificate? Didn’t you say your mom was forcing you to go on blind dates, and you fled back from your hometown?”
Xiao Mi Hu plopped down next to Ye Xingguang and spread her marriage certificate out for her to see like a treasured item, “Look, do the photos look beautiful? My husband Mo Fei slipped the photographer three hundred bucks to make me look this pretty!”
“Wow! You and Mo Fei got your certificate?”
Ye Xingguang saw the photo of Xiao Mi Hu and Mo Fei together on the marriage certificate and exclaimed with surprise.
All the brothers in the private room looked at Mo Fei, some raising their glasses, “That was quick! You’re awesome, you rock!”
Mo Fei didn’t say anything but accepted a glass of wine that Tang Zhou passed over, raised it, and then downed it in one go.
Just this morning, Mo Fei hadn’t thought that he would get the certificate today, but when the girl called him crying in the afternoon, asking him to pick her up at the high-speed rail station, Mo Fei had made up his mind: no matter what, he had to get that certificate today. He wasn’t going to give her another chance to go on blind dates.
“Mi Hu, congratulations.”
“Thanks, thanks! I’m going to post it on social media; I’ll get back at all my relatives. Who says I couldn’t get married? Who says I have to marry if they have three apartments? Hmph, my husband Mo Fei has five apartments, and he said it himself!”
Xiao Mi Hu didn’t really care about houses but just couldn’t swallow her pride. Why should her whole life be doomed just because of three apartments?
Having said that, Xiao Mi Hu took out her phone, found a photo of the two of them, spent quite a while editing it, and finally posted it on social media, not forgetting to ask everyone to like it.
Ye Xingguang was eating the barbecued meat Ye Junqing had put in her bowl while tapping ‘like’ on her phone, “Mi Hu, you better start eating before we finish everything. Let’s toast to celebrate you joining the married gang.”
How could Xiao Mi Hu have nothing to eat? Mo Fei had already filled her bowl with lots of meat.
Xiao Mi Hu raised her glass, “Cheers, cheers, to celebrate that I actually got married. I can’t even believe it myself, haha, it doesn’t seem so scary now. I’m ridiculously happy.”
More than just being happy, her face was filled with joy. Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel happy for her. Xiao Mi Hu was blessed with good fortune to have met Mo Fei. She married him in a daze, and their love story went smoothly just like going downstream with the current.
“Oh, by the way, do you guys have any plans for tomorrow night? It’s New Year’s Eve, and I usually spend it with my parents at home. This year I’m out here on the run. Who should I spend tomorrow night with?”noveldrama
“Spend it with Mo Fei, who else?” Tang Zhou gave her a look.
“But isn’t Mo Fei supposed to spend it with you guys?”
Xiao Mi Hu loved a lively crowd and hadn’t even decided where she would stay tonight. Of course, now she didn’t plan to think about it any longer. She’d follow Mo Fei wherever he goes, living the life of a bandit’s wife!
Xiao Mi Hu hugged Ye Xingguang’s arm, “Xingguang, I’m sticking with you tomorrow night.”
“Ah? Sure, I’m going to have a New Year’s Eve dinner with my parents. After we’re full, we’ll go out for a walk.” She was still waiting for the big villain to shout ‘I love you’ to her atop the city skyline.
###Chapter 1040: Chapter 1040: New Year’s Eve Expectations 2
Xiao Mi Hu was instantly energized upon hearing this: “Then I’m following you for sure. Tomorrow night after Mo Fei and I have our New Year’s Eve dinner, we’ll head to the streets to celebrate the New Year. I’ve heard that the New Year’s Eve celebration in the capital is really lively. Sadly, during my four years of studying in the capital, I never had a chance to experience it. The fireworks, oh, I’m so envious. Back in my hometown, they now have a policy that bans setting off fireworks.”
In the capital, only on New Year’s Eve night are fireworks permitted; at other times, they’re not allowed.
Tang Zhou asked her, “Say, Mi Hu, where do you plan to stay tonight?”
Mo Fei glanced at Tang Zhou, and Tang Zhou raised an eyebrow, bro, I’m asking for your sake.
“I’m staying with my bandit, you know. My bandit has five houses; I can stay wherever I want,” Xiao Mi Hu said with a flushed face. And when she blushed, she wasn’t shy or timid. She just directly fell into Mo Fei’s arms, allowing everyone to tease her, but she just smiled happily.
Mo Fei adored the joyful way she nestled in his arms, and despite his silence, he decisively took Xiao Mi Hu to the mall after the meal, buying pajamas, toiletries, and finally, took her back home with him.
Xiao Mi Hu had slept with Mo Fei before; it wasn’t their first time, and there had been several occasions, so she felt no pressure at all.
Mo Fei also lived in the Ye’s Family estate, in his own detached villa. Seeing Xiao Mi Hu taking a shower as soon as she got home, Mo Fei sat on the balcony, already making plans. Should he take Xiao Mi Hu back to her hometown for the New Year to give her parents a greeting?
In another villa.
Ye Xingguang had also finished her shower and was lying in bed holding a sweet-smelling little flower, reading a children’s comic book to tell a bedtime story to the little flower.noveldrama
After taking a shower, Ye Junqing came out of the bathroom. By then, the little flower had already drifted into dreamland, accompanied by the wonderful bedtime story.
Ye Junqing lifted the quilt, lay down without hurry to turn off the lights, and instead took the sleeping little flower away.
Ye Xingguang watched his movement: “Where are you taking little flower?”
Without a word, Ye Junqing carried the little flower to the next-door children’s room. Mo Yinhe was still not in bed, sitting on his with his legs crossed, fussing with something. Ye Junqing directly placed the little flower on Mo Yinhe’s bed, leaving the words, “Tonight, your little sister will sleep with you.”
Mo Yinhe raised an eyebrow, looking disdainful, but didn’t really refuse.
He even helped tuck little flower in.
However, as Ye Junqing was about to leave, Mo Yinhe muttered, “How can you be a dad to someone, luring them from the bottom of the sea, yet not even stay to sleep with them?”
Ye Junqing pretended not to hear his son’s complaint, and heartlessly closed the door to the children’s room anyway.
Seeing Ye Junqing return, Ye Xingguang laughed and lay on the bed, “Where did you send little flower off to? When little flower wakes up tomorrow morning, she’ll be mad.”
Ye Junqing shut the door and said, “Tomorrow morning, I’ll carry her back here quietly, hopefully without anyone noticing.”
Is it only little flower who wouldn’t know?
The man suddenly moved closer, she rolled over, giggling as she poked his shoulder, “Show some restraint, alright? We’ve only had a child for a few days now. Other families sleep with their children for many years, how do they manage?”
How other people manage, Ye Junqing didn’t know, but he definitely couldn’t stand it anymore. Tonight, he must stretch out properly, as a reward his wife for winning the golf championship today.
###Chapter 1041: Chapter 1041: In the Blink of an Eye, Li Yu Vanishes into Smoke
It wasn’t until almost dawn that Ye Junqing, who had felt completely relaxed all night, woke up and quietly ran to the children’s room, wanting to secretly carry little Huahua back to his own bedroom. While holding little Huahua, Ye Junqing inadvertently triggered something and the communication ring on Mo Yinhe’s tiny finger suddenly issued an alarm sound.
Worried that the alarm would wake his son, Ye Junqing held his son’s other little hand and unlocked the communication ring, trying to turn off the alarm.
After unlocking the communication ring, a holographic screen appeared above the bed. Just as Ye Junqing was figuring out how to stop the alarm, an APP automatically popped up on the holographic screen named “Healing the World”.
Ye Junqing turned off the alarm sound, but a person appeared on the APP – Li Yu.
Seeing Li Yu, Ye Junqing instinctively narrowed his eyes, staring at the holographic screen, wondering why Li Yu would appear on the APP.
The APP seemed to display a surveillance screen, which appeared to be set in an underwater world.
In the surveillance footage, Li Yu was sitting in a submarine, circling around the Sacred Tree, apparently studying it.
Ye Junqing sat at the head of the bed, staring at the surveillance screen for several minutes. As Li Yu was unable to figure out anything, Ye Junqing, during his spare time, began to explore the APP, clicking on [Settings] – [Help and Feedback]
Ye Junqing opened online customer service.
Soon, the online customer service robot sent a question: “How may I assist you, administrator?”
Apparently, his son was the administrator of this APP.
Ye Junqing nonchalantly typed a question: “What is this APP?”
Online customer service robot: “Warning, question exceeds scope.”
Ye Junqing: “…”noveldrama
Ye Junqing: “What can I ask?”
Online customer service robot: “Administrator, you may do as you wish in this world. What would you like to do this time? I can satisfy all your reasonable or unreasonable demands.”
Ye Junqing: “For example?”
Online customer service robot: “For instance, if you dislike any city, I can destroy that city for you.”
Ye Junqing: “…”
Ye Junqing: “I want to kill Li Yu.”
Online customer service robot: “Please select a method of death for Li Yu, such as drowning, sudden heart attack, perishing in a fire, being shot by terrorists, being struck by lightning…etc.”
Ye Junqing: “Struck by lightning!”
Online customer service robot: “Okay, administrator, please wait for a moment.”
Three minutes later, online customer service robot: “Sorry, the current location of Li Yu does not permit a lightning strike. Please choose another method of death. Hint: Li Yu is currently underwater, you may choose drowning.”
Ye Junqing: “Drowning is too easy on him; killed by a hail of bullets.”
Online customer service robot: “Okay, administrator, please wait for a moment.”
One minute later, the surveillance footage displayed that Li Yu was discovered by the underwater patrol. The underwater patrol launched an intense attack on Li Yu, who drove the submarine and decisively fled the scene, with the underwater patrol chasing him in their submarine…
After some ten minutes, there was a massive explosion; Li Yu’s submarine was hit, disintegrated underwater, shattered.
Online customer service robot sent a system message: “Li Yu has been eliminated! Li Yu out!”
Ye Junqing: “…”
What an APP, it’s quite thrilling to play, but it’s a pity it’s fake. Ye Junqing felt it was just a bit of a thrill and didn’t care too much. If Li Yu could be killed so easily, he wouldn’t hate Li Yu so fervently.
###Chapter 1042: Chapter 1042: How Else Can I Play?
Ye Junqing had already woken up, and since he was free, he carried his daughter back to the bedroom, casually taking his son’s communication ring with him.
After returning to the bedroom, Ye Junqing placed Little Flower into the quilt, then lazily leaned against the pillow and continued playing with the online customer service robot.
Ye Junqing: “What else can I play?”
Online Customer Service Robot: “Administrator, how do you wish to play? I can meet all your reasonable and unreasonable requests in this world.”
Ye Junqing: “Which world are you referring to?”noveldrama
Online Customer Service Robot: “The world you are currently in.”
Hah, this online customer service robot sure talks big.
Ye Junqing, being bored: “It’s New Year’s Eve tonight, within a countdown of ten seconds, I want every city building’s exterior wall advertisement in Country A to blink ‘Ye Xingguang, I love you [heart]’, and all the fireworks to burst in starlight.”
Online Customer Service Robot: “Alright, please wait.”
Online Customer Service Robot: “Administrator, it has all been preset for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?”
At this moment, the sleeping Ye Xingguang yawned and stretched, and the bored Ye Junqing casually turned off the communication ring, leaned over to kiss his own little mermaid, and said in a husky voice, “Awake?”
“Hmm…” Ye Xingguang rubbed her sleepy eyes, squinting, her face showing difficulty in waking up: “What time is it?”
“Seven-thirty, go back to sleep if you’re sleepy.”
But, Ye Xingguang was woken up by the urge to pee.
She yawned again, messing up her hair, and ran to the bathroom.
After coming back from the toilet, she was much more awake, but since today was New Year’s Eve, Ye Xingguang didn’t feel like getting out of bed and crawled back into the quilts, tilting her head to look at Ye Junqing: “Are you getting up?”
“I’m going to run.”
Ye Junqing changed into running clothes in the changing room, returned to the bedroom to give his daughter and his woman a morning kiss, and then left the bedroom.
He slipped the communication ring back onto his son’s finger, tucked in the blankets for him, and Ye Junqing went for a morning run in the manor.
The Ye family had quite a few people who ran in the morning, like his father Ye Baixiu, like Leng Chenmo, like Mo Fei, like Mo Zhe, like Mu Nianbai…
Of course, there were also those firmly entrenched bed-huggers, like Fu Zhuo, like Tang Zhou, like Ji Qishu. On holidays, they would love nothing more than to sleep till the sun was high in the sky before getting up.
While Ye Junqing was running in the manor, he bumped into Leng Chenmo, and the two of them simply ran together in the manor.
Leng Chenmo still couldn’t understand, “What’s the deal with your pair of children? According to my memory, they should be the pair from before your rebirth, but now that your life trajectory has changed, how did they come to be?”
Ye Junqing also couldn’t understand, which is why he’s been quite accepting of Li Yu’s point of view. Perhaps he should let go of his stubbornness and find an opportunity to calmly discuss with Li Yu about the information Li Yu holds.
Ye Junqing glanced at Leng Chenmo, “What if I say we haven’t been reborn, and we are living in some kind of unreal state, and our previous life was the real life, what do you think is the possibility of that?”
“Unreal state? Be more specific.”
Ye Junqing couldn’t be more specific, “Maybe, because of some mechanism, we are trapped in an unreal state…never mind, I haven’t figured it out myself, unable to be more specific for now.”
[Editor An Ying: That’s the update for today, we will continue tomorrow, kisses, please vote, please recommend.]
###Chapter 1043: Chapter 1043: Healing the World 1
The two of them jogged for a bit more when Leng Chenmo wiped his forehead with a dry towel and said, “Your words remind me of something. I remember before I was reborn, your Ye Corporation was developing an APP, what was it called…”
After thinking for a while, Leng Chenmo continued, “It seemed to be called Healing World.”
Ye Junqing’s eyes suddenly brightened, as he stared at Leng Chenmo and repeated: “Healing World?”
He thought about the Healing World APP on his son’s communication ring.
“What’s that?” asked Ye Junqing.
Leng Chenmo explained: “I’ve heard Tang Zhou mention it before, it’s approximately that this APP can simulate the real world, creating an ecological world identical to the real one, where people can remedy irrevocable regrets. For instance, if someone’s parents have passed away, they can return to a time when they were still alive within this world, living a simulated life in the APP. However, due to certain reasons, there were some problems with the governmental department’s approval of this APP, it seemed as if the APP lost control, eventually failing to receive market approval and the development had to be halted. Still, the initial promotions were quite enticing.”
Leng Chenmo merely mentioned it in passing, but for Ye Junqing it felt like an epiphany had struck.
“Could it be that we are currently living a simulated life inside the Healing World APP?”noveldrama
Leng Chenmo laughed: “That’s taking the joke too far, I’d rather believe that I’ve been reborn.”
Seeing that Tang Zhou’s villa was just ahead, Leng Chenmo waved his hand and ran towards the villa, pondering what breakfast he could make for Xiao Zhou in the early morning that wouldn’t be repeated from yesterday’s breakfast.
Ye Junqing ran for a while longer and upon returning to the villa, with nothing particular to do, he also went to the kitchen to prepare breakfast for his wife.
The butler, seeing him busy in the kitchen so early, thought the chef had taken a holiday for the Spring Festival and no one was there to cook for him, panicked and came over to explain: “Lord Qing, I’ll call the chef right away.”
Ye Junqing waved his hand, signaling the butler to leave, while he continued cooking and pondering the Healing World APP.
…
Li Yu felt a splitting headache as he rubbed his head and opened his eyes, hearing the surprised voice of a nurse: “Dr. Li, you’ve finally woken up? That’s wonderful, we thought you wouldn’t wake up.”
Li Yu looked at the excited nurse without immediately responding, squinting his eyes to look around, realizing he was in a clinic on an island.
He remembered he was investigating the Sacred Tree in the underwater world when he was spotted and pursued, and eventually, his submarine was hit and he passed out.
Could it be, that someone had rescued him from the depths of the sea?
Li Yu sat up on the hospital bed and checked himself from head to toe, relieved to find no exterior injuries, he then asked the nurse: “What happened to me?”
“Have you forgotten? You were trapped inside the Healing World APP.”
Li Yu sat on the bed for a good while before it came back to him—the child from the Galaxy had developed an APP called Healing World.
That genius boy, acclaimed by scientists from various countries at the age of five as a master mathematician in nearly ten significant areas of mathematical research, including harmonic analysis, partial differential equations, combinatorial mathematics, analytic number theory, and algebraic number theory.
He also developed an APP called Healing World.
This was definitely not an ordinary APP!
Researchers from various countries discovered that the research base of this APP had directly created a parallel spacetime through modeling!
To artificially establish a parallel universe, probably only this kid could pull it off in the whole world!
###Chapter 1044: Chapter 1044: Healing the World 2
Scientists from various countries have speculated that if not controlled, the parallel universe created by the Galaxy could ultimately converge with the real world.
Scientists from these countries have all advised the government of Country A to immediately halt the development of this APP by the Galaxy, to avoid potentially unpredictable chaos in the world.
It so happened that Lord Ye Xingguang excessively doted on his son to the point of exasperation. Despite strong opposition from scientists worldwide, as long as his son liked it, he continued to support his son’s interests with financial and human resources. Even if the state intervened, he still secretly built a research base for his son on an island, allowing his son to pursue his hobbies to the fullest.
One day, when Xia Yanyan’s leukemia relapsed, she asked Ye Xingguang to donate bone marrow to her. Ye Xingguang ignored her request, and a desperate Xia Yanyan, filled with resentment, crazily sought to perish together with Ye Xingguang.
After the tragic loss of his beloved wife, Lord Ye Xingguang supported the development of the Healing World APP even more crazily, hoping that the APP his son developed could let him continue the love he had with his wife…
Li Yu remembered that after the Healing World APP was finally developed successfully, Lord Ye Xingguang made himself the test subject and resolutely became the first user of the Healing World APP, choosing the moment he was rescued from the shark-infested sea by Ye Xingguang as the time point in the APP…
Lord Ye Xingguang had stated his intentions when entering the APP, hoping that he had not missed out on Ye Xingguang at that time, hoping that he could have taken Ye Xingguang home right then and there…
Li Yu remembered that he wanted to stop Lord Ye Xingguang, so he also chose to become a user of the Healing World APP.
Li Yu also remembered that after becoming a user of the Healing World APP, and thinking that he was reborn, the first thing he did was to find Lord Ye Xingguang. When he found Lord Ye Xingguang, he saw him floating on the sea surface, barely alive.
Taking advantage of Lord Ye Xingguang’s serious injuries, Li Yu subjected him to intense brainwashing, instilling in Lord Ye Xingguang’s mind a deep-seated hatred as if he and Ye Xingguang had loved and forgotten each other…
However, he did not secure Ye Xingguang because of this, and even more, as time passed and he encountered more users of the Healing World APP, he began to question the entire world…
He did not believe that there were so many reborn individuals in this world; he doubted the entire world, thinking it was all fake…
He devoted more of his experiences to exploring the world…
Until, he was blasted out of the underwater world, returning to the real world…
After sorting out everything, Li Yu pushed away the nurse who wanted to take his temperature and strode out.
He wanted to re-enter the Healing World APP!
Half an hour later, Li Yu, attempting to re-enter the Healing World APP, was rejected by the APP.noveldrama
The Healing World APP base issued a robotic warning: [Warning! Warning! Upon identity verification, you have died in the Healing World and no longer have the right to be a user! If you have special requirements, please wait patiently for the convergence of the Healing World with the real world.]
Fuck!
Li Yu asked, “How much longer until Healing World and the real world converge?”
Robot: [The convergence rate has already reached 90%.]
Li Yu: “So what you’re saying is, if the convergence reaches 100%, the future predicted by scientists from various countries will occur, where the Healing World and the real world completely overlap, and the dead could be revived to life again?”
Robot: [Everything is still unknown at this time. However, you have forfeited your right to be a user of Healing World, having died by random gunfire, please do not challenge the world rules of this APP!]
Fuck fuck fuck!
###Chapter 1045: Chapter 1045: Reunion on New Year’s Eve 1
New Year’s Eve, a night of family reunion filled with joy, also marks the first New Year’s Eve that Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang have spent together, making it an exceptionally meaningful and memorable occasion. It was simply essential to celebrate it properly; otherwise, it would be a disservice to this “first time”.
Ye Junqing was in charge of hanging the couplets, while Ye Xingguang, holding Xiao Huahua, stood by to cheer him on and to make sure he wasn’t hanging them crookedly.
Xiao Huahua has always been sweet-tongued: “Wow! Daddy is awesome!”
Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing CEO, sat in the courtyard deeply engrossed in observing the universe. Upon hearing this, he rolled his eyes. What’s so great about hanging couplets?
After Ye Junqing hung one side of the couplet, he moved to the other side, asking, “Is it crooked?”
Ye Xingguang examined it for a long while: “A little to the left, a bit more to the left, seems like it needs to go down a bit, it’s not quite level with the other side, move it up a bit, there, just right, perfect.”
Once Ye Xingguang confirmed it was correct, Ye Junqing put up the couplet he had written by hand on the door. After everything was in place, he stepped back and walked up to his wife, looked at his work, and admired the neatness of the job.
“Xingguang, come help me make dumplings.” Bai Lanwu called her from inside the house.
“Coming.”
Ye Xingguang, pulling Xiao Huahua along: “Xiao Huahua, let’s go help Grandma make dumplings. We’ll make a coin dumpling. Whoever eats the coin dumpling tonight will become rich.”
“Wow! I want to make one, but I have a lot of money already.”
Ye Xingguang: “…”
She almost forgot, her daughter was also a big tycoon, richer than her. Comparing makes you despair.
“Mommy! I can make you a red packet.”
Ye Xingguang excitedly said: “Oh yes, Mommy loves getting red packets the most.”
Unlike other households where adults make red packets for kids, Xiao Huahua, wealthy and generous, insisted on giving red packets to adults.
She might not know how to make dumplings, but she was particularly enthusiastic about giving out little red packets. Holding a stack of red envelopes, she stuffed money into each one until they were bulging, then happily handed them out to everyone.
“Grandpa, here’s a red packet for you, wishing you a Happy New Year, and good health.”
Song Chuanqi, receiving the red packet from his granddaughter, was moved to tears, and patted the cute little head: “Thank you, Xiao Huahua.”
“You’re welcome, just call me Generous Xiao Huahua.”
Xiao Huahua happily shook her pigtails and then went to give one to Bai Lanwu: “Grandma, here’s a red packet for you, wishing you a Happy New Year, full of joy.”
“Thank you, my little darling.” Bai Lanwu’s heart was softened by her granddaughter.
“Daddy, here’s a red packet for you, let me think…wishing you to always be handsome.”
Ye Junqing immediately picked up his daughter, giving her cute little forehead a big smack of a kiss: “Thank you, my beloved daughter.”
“Mommy, here’s a red packet for you, wishing you will always be daddy’s little darling.”
“Thank you, darling.”noveldrama
Xiao Huahua then ran to give a red packet to the butler: “Uncle Butler, here’s a red packet for you, wishing you a Happy New Year.”
The butler was so moved he nearly cried, with such a lovely little darling, everyone would be fond: “Thank you, little princess.”
“No need to thank me, I’m super rich!”
The wealthy Xiao Huahua, having distributed red packets to everyone, pranced to the courtyard where Mo Yinhe was observing the Milky Way through a telescope, stretching out her hand towards him: “Big Pig Mo, congratulations on your fortune, hand over the red packet.”
“Go play somewhere else.” Little CEO Mo wasn’t interested in indulging her right now.
“Hmph!” Xiao Huahua huffed in annoyance, but still didn’t forget to stuff her prepared red packet into Little CEO Mo’s pocket, then snorted proudly twice more: “Hmph! Hmph!”
###Chapter 1046: Chapter 1046: Reunion on New Year’s Eve 2
Unfortunately, no matter how much she hummed, Mo Yinhe simply ignored her.
With no one to play with, Yin Xiaohua wouldn’t have it. She circled around the astronomical telescope, trying to attract Mo Yinhe’s attention and eventually wrapped her arms around his little arm, refusing to let go.
Mo Yinhe, annoyed by the disturbance, grabbed Yin Xiaohua’s pigtail: “So annoying, if you keep this up, I’ll spank you.”
“Wuu, mommy, brother is hitting me.”
Yin Xiaohua resorted to her trump card, wailing and crying loudly.
Immediately, Mo Yinhe covered her little mouth and picked her up: “I’ll watch with you, okay? You pig, all you do is cry.”
“Mommy says we’re the same breed.”
The smug Yin Xiaohua, with both hands on the telescope, her sparkling eyes pressed against the lens, finally calmed down.
Mo Yinhe then messed up Yin Xiaohua’s pigtails into a bird’s nest; otherwise, he felt unsettled. This little annoyance, never giving peace!
At this moment, Fu Zhuo entered the room cheerfully, found Ye Junqing, and whispered a report to him.
He thought Ye Xingguang, who was wrapping dumplings in the kitchen, couldn’t hear, but she actually caught every word.
Fu Zhuo said: “My lord, it’s all set. I’ve bought out the wall advertisements of every building in the capital for the New Year’s countdown to write ‘Xingguang, I love you’, and the fireworks for tonight are all ready. My lord, is there anything else you need me to do?”
After pondering for a moment, Ye Junqing said: “That’s it, you may go.”
Fu Zhuo, however, lingered and didn’t leave: “My lord, shelter me tonight, I have nowhere to go.”noveldrama
In past years, the brothers, without families of their own, spent New Year’s Eve together. But this year, Junqing has Little Xingguang, Tang Zhou has Leng Chenmo, Mo Fei has Xiao Mi Hu, and even Ji Qishu said he wanted to visit Chang Qinghua’s house for the evening, asserting he’d still go even if turned away. Why couldn’t he spend New Year’s Eve together after divorce?
Fu Zhuo found out, suddenly, he was all on his own, even Xiao Yun said, “I have plans tonight, don’t count on me!”
Ye Junqing’s blissful eyes were filled with sympathy for Fu Zhuo: “I told you before, stop paying the singles tax and find a woman to live a good life with!”
Fu Zhuo in surprise: “My lord, when did you tell me that?”
“I didn’t?” Ye Junqing thought about it and realized he actually hadn’t.
Ye Junqing cleared his throat: “Don’t pay it next year. See if you can catch the eye of some girl, otherwise with your own skills, you’ll have a hard time finding someone. Hurry up, before my third child is old enough to fetch soy sauce.”
Fu Zhuo: “!!!”
Don’t you still have no idea where Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua’s two children even came from?
Anyway, Fu Zhuo decided, he was not leaving!
As it turned out, his decision to stay was absolutely right. Before long, more and more people gathered.
Humming a tune, Tang Zhou walked in side by side with Leng Chenmo, shouting before even entering: “Mom, is the New Year’s Eve dinner ready? I’m starving. I played basketball all afternoon, and now I really want to eat the New Year’s meal.”
Bai Lanwu, looking through the French window at her sweet-talking daughter-in-law: “Soon, soon, just sit for a while longer.”
Bai Peiluan, also pulling her husband along with a group of godsons in tow, didn’t even enter the house before saying: “Sister, I thought about it and decided it’s better for everyone to spend New Year’s Eve together. It’s more lively with more people. I’ve ordered all the dishes for the New Year’s dinner, let’s celebrate together. I called Shi Ting too, asking them to come over as a family of three…”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, will continue tomorrow, kisses, please vote for monthly tickets, please recommend votes]
###Chapter 1047: Chapter 1047 Night Monarch Qing Was Shocked Himself 1
Bai Lanwu actually likes the hustle and bustle. On the island, the neighbors celebrated Chinese New Year’s Eve together. Now, seeing a big group of people entering the house, she doesn’t find it noisy at all. Instead, she invites everyone to sit in the living room and wait while she clears the dining table.
“Sis, let the kids do the chores, and we can sit down and rest.”noveldrama
Bai Peiluan orders her godson around without feeling the slightest bit sorry for him.
Mu Nianbai and others immediately roll up their sleeves: “Auntie, go and rest, we’ll take care of things.”
Bai Lanwu says there’s no need with a smile, but she is still pulled into the living room by Ye Xingguang to sit on the sofa and chat while all the matters are enthusiastically handled by a bunch of godsons.
Tang Xiao is the last to arrive, holding a baby with his right hand and leading Yan Xi with his left. Upon entering, he discovers the dining room table is already full.
Tang Zhou excitedly says, “Bro, how come you’re back? Didn’t you say…”
Before Tang Zhou could finish, he is kicked by Ye Junqing.
Tang Zhou originally wanted to say, weren’t you supposed to spend Chinese New Year’s Eve at your mother-in-law’s house? But obviously, the two were chased away by the Yan’s Family. Nonetheless, it doesn’t matter as Tang Zhou pulls out a seat next to him, “Bro, come sit down, there’s so much delicious food.”
Yan Xi, after taking off her down jacket and hanging it on the back of her chair, seats herself comfortably and adjusts her hair, saying, “For many years, I’ve spent New Year’s Eve with a bunch of guys in the army. Finally, today, I see women at the dinner table.”
“Wow! Are you the iron lady Yan Xi? I’ve admired you so much!”
Xiao Mi Hu almost stands up, asking Yan Xi to sign her clothes: “And many of my classmates really admire you, too.”
Yan Xi laughs freely, not aspiring to live in a way that others envy, but compelled by circumstances. Seeing the son in Tang Xiao’s arms, a gentle look flashes across the iron lady’s face.
Yi Yujian says, “Butler, bring two more sets of cutlery over. This year is truly a bountiful one—for the family, with so many new additions, and for everyone in their work and careers. Let’s drink to that.”
Xiao Hua Hua is the fastest to raise her glass: “I’m very happy to meet all of you.”
After the butler brings two more sets of cutlery, everyone toasts together, and the atmosphere of the whole New Year’s Eve dinner becomes unexpectedly warm.
During the meal, everyone eats, drinks, and chats. The men drink slowly while the women, having finished their New Year’s Eve meals early, gather in the living room to watch television and chat leisurely.
Ye Xingguang receives a video call from Xia Ye Zhao, who sends her a New Year’s red envelope. She also sends a red envelope to Xiao Man, and they wish each other a Happy New Year on video.
Seeing the interior decoration behind the video, Ye Xingguang boldly yet assuredly asks, “Bro, you’re not spending the holiday with that family of three, are you?”
Xia Ye Zhao knows the family of three Ye Xingguang is referring to: “I was planning to celebrate together, but…”
“Got it, got it, no need to explain. I heard that Uncle likes doctor Chang a lot, even Aunt supports you marrying her. I’m looking forward to celebrating your wedding.”
Hehe, Ye Xingguang feels immensely satisfied remembering this. Some parents despised doctor Chang, yet now her big brother’s biological father is very supportive of him finding true love. She’s curious how those parents will oppose now. If they continue to do so, her brother might truly drift apart from them forever.
Ye Xingguang brings Xiao Hua Hua over and says to her, “Call him uncle.”
Xiao Hua Hua’s cute little voice goes, “Uncle, Happy New Year.”
Seeing Xiao Hua Hua, who looks like a mini-version of his little sister, Xia Ye Zhao’s eyes soften, and through the screen, he wishes he could hold her in his arms…
###Chapter 1048: Chapter 1048: Lord Ye Qing Shocks Himself 2
After Ye Junqing and the other big bosses finished their New Year’s Eve dinner, it was almost nine o’clock. After eating, they had some tea, and it was almost ten. The elderly had gone to sleep, as had the children, and it was only then that the young people finally drove out to pursue their own New Year’s Eve revelries.
The pinnacle of the imperial capital’s skyline is the Comet Building.noveldrama
On the top floor of the Comet Building, a grand New Year’s Eve party is held every year without fail.
In the rooftop terrace restaurant, many young and rich handsome men and beautiful ladies gathered, since the tickets for the New Year’s Eve dinner at the rooftop restaurant were so sought after, selling for a hundred thousand apiece, and simply unaffordable to the ordinary person.
At this moment, on the temporary stage set up on the top floor, Xia Yanyan was singing, showing off her skills while many watched.
Although Xia’s Family recently fell into a PR crisis, these rich and beautiful people out having fun didn’t care about that, especially since tonight Harry Perry brought Xia Yanyan along—who would go out of their way to snub them?
For the sake of partying tonight, Xia Yanyan didn’t know how much concealer she had applied to cover up the tattoos on her face.
Right now, she was putting on a huge display of her singing and dancing talents, stirring up the atmosphere of the entire venue.
Ye Xingguang and the others avoided the bustling crowd and headed to a quieter semi-open booth, ordered some drinks and a fruit platter, and sat there to enjoy the city’s New Year’s Eve scenery.
Because there were so many of them, and fearing the booth would be too crowded, Ye Xingguang simply sat on Ye Junqing’s lap, delighting the man immensely. Ye Junqing held her in his arms as if she were a little pet.
Tang Zhou, looking on with envy, suddenly wanted to sit on Leng Chenmo’s lap too, but felt it would be too awkward, so he grudgingly and jealously exclaimed, “Damn it, Xingguang, can’t you sit properly? In front of everyone, what does this look like?”
Ye Junqing shot Tang Zhou a cold look, wishing he could turn him into a hornet’s nest: “If you can’t talk nicely, then shut your mouth.”
“Exactly, how is me sitting on my husband’s lap indecent? Look over there, that little couple is unlocking new knowledge over by the railings,” Ye Xingguang pointed to a pair of lovers wrapped up in each other in a quiet spot not too far away.
Xiao Mi Hu, who just got her marriage certificate yesterday, thought now that they were married there was no point in competing, and decided to just sit down on Mo Fei’s lap too.
Tang Zhou: “!!!”
They’re all married, so why did it feel so improper to him to sit on his little assistant’s lap?
Jealous! Envious! Resentful!
Tang Zhou took out some decks of playing cards: “How about we play Fight the Landlord?”
“Sure, I want to play,” Ye Xingguang raised her hand.
Xiao Mi Hu also raised her hand: “I want to play, too.”
Tang Xiao, Mu Nian Bai, and others saw that the booth was too crowded, so they simply opened up another booth right next to them and decided to play Fight the Landlord as well.
While dealing the cards, Tang Zhou explained the rules: “If the landlord loses, the landlord receives a punishment; if the landlord wins, the others get punished.”
Ye Xingguang said, “No problem, if I lose, I’ll have my Ah-Qing take the punishment.”
Tang Zhou: “That’s totally against the rules!”
Ye Xingguang turned to ask Ye Junqing: “Hubby, do you think it’s against the rules?”
“I don’t think so.”
Tang Zhou: “!!!”
Tang Zhou immediately turned to see Leng Chenmo’s attitude.
His little assistant had never disappointed him: “If you lose, I’ll take the punishment.”
Hmph, that’s more like it.
Holding Xiao Mi Hu, Mo Fei said, “I’ll just go with the flow.”
Fu Zhuo, who’d been sitting there, could no longer stand it. There were lots of young girls on the terrace, so he decided to go try his luck. Who knows, he might find true love. Why cluster around and watch others feed him dog food? Didn’t he eat enough tonight?
###Chapter 1049: Chapter 1049: Night Monarch Qing Was Shocked Himself 3
However, Fu Zhuo, who mingled in the crowd, still ended up witnessing public displays of affection. As Xia Yanyan’s song came to an end, Harry Perry walked onto the stage carrying a large bouquet of flowers. He presented them to Xia Yanyan and then gave her a forty-five-degree angle KISS right there and then.
“Wow! Harry is just too romantic! Tonight is simply brutal PDA, but I’m still so envious!”
“A talented man paired with a beautiful woman, Xia Yanyan is really too blessed. Even though the Xia’s Family has had some unsavory rumors lately, what does it matter? As long as Harry dotes on her, Xia Yanyan is the happiest woman in the world!”
“I can’t handle this, I need to find a tall, rich, and handsome man to pamper me too!”
“…”
“With so many wealthy bachelors on the terrace tonight, aren’t there enough for you to choose from? Hurry up and pick a good man, dilly-dallying like this, you might miss out as someone else could snatch them away,” Xia Yanyan playfully scolded, clutching the large bouquet of flowers, her bad mood from being neglected by Harry Perry in the past few days completely evaporated.
And Harry Perry wasn’t done yet; he pulled out an expensive necklace from his pocket and hung it around Xia Yanyan’s neck.
Although he felt that Xia Yanyan had been showing poor manners when eating recently, she was, after all, his fiancée. In public, Harry was willing to give a lady face, which also showcased his allure.
“Wow! That’s a masterpiece by KIVD master. I saw it on KIVD’s master’s blog a few days ago. She just released a special New Year’s edition necklace, and only one piece was sold, at a hefty price. Is Harry trying to kill us with envy tonight?”
After Harry Perry finished putting the necklace on Xia Yanyan, he wrapped his arms around her waist and smiled mischievously, “If you’re envious, hurry up and get a boyfriend.”
Coming down from the stage, Xia Yanyan enthusiastically wrapped her arms around Harry’s, feeling incredibly excited: “Han Sen, I knew it, you still love me. Tonight, I’m truly so happy.”
Harry gave Xia Yanyan a head pat, thinking that he couldn’t dissolve the engagement anyway, and since Xia Ye Zhao had specifically talked to him. Despite Xia Yanyan no longer appearing as elegant and perfect as before, the power of the Xia family still stood firm, so it was better to pamper her.
As long as she wouldn’t show those embarrassing eating habits again, she still had many good points. Her alone tail could surpass tens of thousands of women.
Harry said, “As long as you have a sense of propriety, I’ll make you the happiest, most envied woman of the evening.”
Not far away, Ye Xingguang jumped up excitedly: “Haha, I won again! Why am I so lucky tonight? This round’s loser has to dance, haha, dance, dance!”
This round’s landlord was Tang Zhou, but Tang Zhou lost and had to dance. Was little star serious?
He was seriously digging a trap for his brother!
Leng Chenmo palmed his forehead: “Sister, choose another punishment.”
Ye Xingguang nearly laughed so hard she could collapse into Ye Junqing’s arms: “No way, no way, must dance. When I lost earlier, nobody let my Ah Qing off the hook. Dance, dance, hahaha, breakdance, belly dance, hot dance… any dance will do, you pick.”
It was the first time Leng Chenmo was played like this, dancing… the only dance he was probably capable of was the ballroom dance.noveldrama
After Leng Chenmo stood up, he directly reached out and pulled Tang Zhou up as well, and then, he took her to dance the waltz together.
Tang Zhou didn’t even have time to react, and made a mistake on the first step because he usually danced the male part of the waltz. Although he was a girl, he had lived like a pretender man for more than twenty years; where would she have learned the female steps?
Suddenly there was laughter all around, much to the delight of Ye Xingguang and Xiao Mi Hu who laughed heartily.
###Chapter 1050: Chapter 1050: Night Monarch Qing Was Shocked Himself 4
Because Tang Zhou always made mistakes and stepped on Leng Chenmo’s shoes, he quickly attracted the attention of others.
“Oh my gosh! Isn’t that Leng’s family bigwig Leng Chenmo? Aren’t my eyes deceiving me? He actually dares to dance here with Tang Zhou. I could eat this dog food for ten thousand years!”
“What bigwig, he’s no longer a bigwig! Fallen so far he can’t even pay the singles tax, has to go to the registry office to draw lots for a partner, and ended up drawing Tang Zhou who has been cross-dressing for years! That’s a fallen bigwig for you!”
“What do you know, haven’t you heard? The biological father of Leng Chenmo is the adoptive father of the Carp Girl, the Crown Prince of Country S! Leng bigwig’s worth has gone up again. It’s ridiculous that people here are still making sarcastic comments, so clueless!”
“…”
“Wow! Look, Carp Girl is here too, Ye Big Poison is here too, I can’t believe I didn’t notice earlier!”
“Oh my gosh, Carp Girl is sitting on Ye Big Poison’s lap, that posing is just too damn dog-abusive. Am I here for the New Year’s celebration or to feed on dog food?”
“Ye Bigwig, have you prepared any gifts for Carp Girl tonight? Just now Harry Perry bought Xia Yanyan a limited edition necklace, what did you get for Carp Girl?”
The onlookers expressed that they don’t have boyfriends, but shipping CP is delightful, and Ye Xingguang with Ye Junqing is the CP everyone enjoyed shipping this year! The daring onlookers rushed right next to Ye Junqing’s VIP area to loudly ask.noveldrama
Ye Junqing smiled but said nothing.
But the onlookers were not ready to let him off, many girls crowded around, wanting to see how Ye Junqing would show his affection, especially mentioning Harry Perry and Xia Yanyan frequently…
“Carp Girl, did Ye Bigwig give you any gift?”
Ye Xingguang said, “Ah? Not yet.”
“How can that be! Just now Harry Perry gave Xia Yanyan a gift, and you didn’t get any, Ye Bigwig is really stingy.” Many girls felt indignant for Ye Xingguang.
Not far away, hearing that Ye Xingguang didn’t receive any gifts made Xia Yanyan extremely ecstatic, her eyes and brows filled with a sense of loved superiority.
Ye Xingguang wasn’t bothered: “He himself is the best gift given by the nation to me.”
Xia Yanyan couldn’t help but laugh upon hearing this, if you can’t get any gifts, then one can only comfort themselves with these abstract words.
How could Ye Junqing, such a straightforward man, be considered romantic? Aside from having money, he has no other merits, definitely can’t compare to Harry Perry. When Harry Perry does romance, it makes her heart bloom; comparing the two, Xia Yanyan felt thankful for Ye Junqing’s past decision not to marry her.
After Leng Chenmo and Tang Zhou finished a waltz, a group of people gathered to play cards, not minding other people’s watching or cheering. Ye Xingguang was having the most fun and didn’t forget to keep checking the time, waiting for the New Year, just a few more minutes to go.
“Mr. Ye, Mrs. Ye, I am the organizer of this party. May I invite both of you to sing a song to celebrate the upcoming New Year? Everyone is looking forward to it.” A young man came over.
Ye Junqing looked to Ye Xingguang for her decision.
Ye Xingguang said, “Ah? Sure, do you have a piano here? Forget singing, I can play a piece.”
“No piano, but we have violins and guitars.”
“Violin is fine.” Anyway, she can play any instrument.
Ye Xingguang stood up from Ye Junqing’s lap and threw down a challenge: “How about this? I’ll compose a piece impromptu, and you write the lyrics and sing it.”
“How about that?”
[An Ying: That’s it for today’s update, will continue tomorrow, XOXO, please send monthly and recommendation tickets]
###Chapter 1051: Chapter 1051: Lord Ye Qing Shocks Himself 5
This challenge was interesting, and though Ye Junqing originally did not wish to accept the invitation, upon hearing it, he couldn’t help but rise to his feet, gladly accepting.
Before the expectant eyes of the audience, the two stepped onto the stage. Ye Xingguang picked up the violin, tested the tuning, and under the spotlight, her posture tuning the violin at the top of the city was a feast for the eyes. Ye Junqing stood beside her with a microphone, and couldn’t help but be mesmerized.
Word was that it was an improv performance, and many in the crowd, both men and women, gathered around the stage, curious to see if they would flounder. After all, this wasn’t something just anyone could master. Forget about ordinary people, even many genuine stars didn’t dare to be so bold!
But Ye Xingguang dared, and Ye Junqing was more than happy to accompany her.
Ye Xingguang stood at the city’s peak, overlooking the city that glittered like a river of stars. The events of the past year flashed through her mind like a slide show. She smiled, “I’ll just play a piece to celebrate the New Year. If it’s not good, please don’t laugh at me.”
Below the stage, there was a chorus of teasing laughs: “We won’t laugh, we won’t. Even if there’s a mishap live, we won’t laugh. Tonight is all about the fun.”noveldrama
Then, the surrounding lights dimmed until only a single beam shone upon Ye Xingguang. She started to play the violin, with a light and joyful overture…
Ye Junqing listened to her lively prelude, took the microphone, hummed along to the upbeat prelude, stepped forward, and walked into the beam of light that fell only on Ye Xingguang. Wrapped in the soft light, they didn’t seem like just any compatible pair, but rather, they seemed to be caught in the net of love.
Below the stage, Xia Yanyan saw this romantic scene and felt extremely displeased. She thought the organizers really had no insight at all. Having invited her to perform on stage, they shouldn’t have called Ye Xingguang up again. What was this, a competition?
Xia Yanyan had always been confident in her musical accomplishments since she was young, yet whenever she saw Ye Xingguang playing the violin on stage, that crazy thought uncontrollably surfaced—she was like her formerly unattractive sister, Xia Qiongqiong!
She had had many songs that had been pushed down the charts by compositions written by Qiongqiong. Now out for a bit of fun, was she going to be outdone again? Hmph, Xia Yanyan clenched her fists in frustration, feeling irritated yet helpless.
But looking at everyone else, they were all very happy, because the notorious Ye was able to keep up with the Carp Maiden’s melody.
The super lively song was especially suitable for everyone’s New Year’s Eve mood, and some people couldn’t help but bounce along to the merry tune.
Where there was one, there were two, and where there were two, there were three. Soon after, more and more people joined the dancing crowd.
Even Xiao Mi Hu pulled Mo Fei into the dance, bouncing and hopping to the beat of the music.
Ye Xingguang was also delighted. A song at most lasted for five to six minutes, but the joyful atmosphere was too good to end, and she really didn’t want to stop. She planned to keep playing the violin until the New Year countdown, putting Ye Junqing in quite the spot, having him continue to make up lyrics and sing them live.
Haha, but her notorious husband was so talented, he completely held the reins!
He should stop being a CEO; he totally could enter the music industry!
Actually, both of them could enter the music industry, and they would surely become music idols.
Ye Junqing saw the admiration in her eyes and captured it all. His gaze returning to her, was it not thick with affection?
At this moment, the New Year countdown was drawing closer…
One minute to countdown…
Thirty seconds to countdown…
Ten seconds to countdown…
The tune in Ye Xingguang’s hands reached the climax of the piece.
###Chapter 1052: Chapter 1052: Lord Ye Qing Shocks Himself 6
Ye Junqing’s singing also reached its climax, accompanied by the countdown shouts of men and women below, Ye Junqing sang at the top of his voice: "oh, baby... I love you..." 
Ye Xingguang’s smile was all over her face, she intentionally pushed the tune to its peak in the last ten seconds of the countdown, her family’s big troublemaker really understood her, and indeed kept his promise, to loudly say ’I love you’ during the New Year’s countdown, and it was not contrived at all, without any sense of discrepancy! 
In Ye Junqing’s eyes and brows, all was deep affection and sweetness, he reached out, stretching his arms to sing at the top of his voice: "BABY, I want the whole world to know, you are the most beautiful encounter in my life..." 
With his singing, one could see on the exterior walls of the skyscrapers in the city, phrase by phrase "Ye Xingguang, I love you [heart]" 
"Wow! Look at the advertisement on the building facade across!" 
"The advertisements on this side of the Huan Yu Building facade also have dog food!" 
"Here, and here too, the Crimson Building’s facade is flashing something?" 
"My god, even the facade of Yu Guang Building..." 
"Ahhh! This is too romantic, and look, the distant building facades too, so fitting isn’t it!" noveldrama
"Did Ye big troublemaker cast Magic? Whatever he sings, all the major buildings set up appropriate displays?" 
... 
Ye Junqing was still singing: "No fireworks can be as brilliant as you are in my heart, BAYA, I love you, the fireworks represent my heart..." 
Accompanied by his singing, above in the sky, boom boom boom, countless fireworks burst forth, the final designs they formed in the sky were numerous fervent hearts, oh my god, this is too beautiful, girls started taking out their cell phones, snapping photos of the sky and city. 
Ye Xingguang was incredibly moved, although she had known about all of these beforehand, and had even actively requested them, but it’s just how girls are, still profoundly moved when dreams come true. 
She didn’t want to play anymore, ending the piece abruptly, she threw herself into Ye Junqing’s arms, overwhelmed with emotion under the fireworks. 
"This is too much cheating!" Tang Zhou cried out in envy, madly recording it on his phone. 
Many singles in the crowd heckled: "Am I here for New Year’s? Am I here for New Year’s? Why did I come out to be shown up by dog food in the middle of the night, and why is it blooming so gloriously sweet?" 
"I used to think Harry Perry was romantic, but now I know what true romance is, aaaah, I’m going crazy, my teeth hurt but I still want it..." 
Xia Yanyan, hearing this, was quite annoyed: "It’s just some flashy but worthless stuff, how much can it be worth!" 
The limited edition necklace Harry Perry bought for her cost more than these building advertisements and fireworks, who really is the romantic one? 
Are these fair-weather folks out of their minds, can’t they see she’s the happiest woman tonight? 
Someone has already uploaded photos of the imperial city’s New Year’s Eve on Weibo, or is frantically spreading the word in WeChat groups and moments about the night big troublemaker and koi girl feeding on the New Year’s Eve CP dog food, they think they have the scoop, little do they know... 
"Damn, my friend in Yue City is also posting in moments, saying that Ye big troublemaker bought all the advertisement spaces in their city’s buildings, each building’s facade advertisement is flashing ’Ye Xingguang, I love you [heart]’ like this!" 
"My friend too! This is what my friend posted in the WeChat group, she’s in Heng City, and all the building advertisement spaces there are the same, the fireworks there and the fireworks here are exactly the same, aaaah, how many advertisement spaces did Ye big troublemaker buy?"
###Chapter 1053: Chapter 1053: Lord Ye Qing Shocks Himself 7
"Oh my God, my friends abroad are also posting on Weibo, saying that the billboards on the buildings in their cities are all flashing ’Ye Xingguang, I love you [heart],’ they don’t celebrate Spring Festival, but there they are setting off fireworks, and all the fireworks are heart-shaped, this is crazy, crazy!" 
"Even a classmate from a fifth-tier city’s university is posting in their Moments, saying there are only two decent buildings in their small city, and somehow the building’s advertisements are also ’Ye Xingguang, I love you [heart].’ Has Ye the malignant tumor bought out all the billboard spaces in the world?" 
"Holy shit, has my brother gone mad? Too much money to burn? How much is this going to cost?" Even Tang Zhou yelled out. 
Tang Zhou asked Fu Zhuo for the specific amount, and Fu Zhuo was stunned: "I don’t know, the Boss only asked me to buy some in the capital, didn’t tell me to buy in other cities, does the Boss not trust me, secretly asking someone else to buy billboard spaces in other cities?" 
Fu Zhuo felt hurt in his heart! 
After a long, tender moment, Ye Xingguang nestled in Ye Junqing’s arms, hearing others say that Ye Junqing bought all the billboard spaces on the buildings around the world, she looked up in surprise, and saw her spendthrift husband: "You bought that many?" 
Spendthrift Ye Junqing: "..." 
Not at all! 
What’s he doing buying spots that can’t be seen? 
"Thank you. I’m so happy." Ye Xingguang’s heart was skipping with joy. noveldrama
Ye Junqing, who had planned to say he didn’t buy them, swallowed his words back and then took out a small box from his suit pocket and handed it to her. 
Ye Xingguang held it in her hand: "What’s this?" 
"It’s not a limited edition." Ye Junqing said. 
Ye Xingguang opened it, it was a starfish-shaped hair clip with a huge diamond in the middle, and each tip was inlaid with countless fine diamonds, twinkling with dazzling soft light under the night sky, so beautiful. 
Ye Xingguang clipped the starfish hair clip onto her hair, "Does it look good?" 
"It looks good." Xiao Mi Hu jumped onto the stage, seeing the twinkling starfish hair clip on Ye Xingguang’s hair: "Wow! It’s so beautiful, where did you buy this, I want one too!" 
Ye Xingguang said: "It’s not a limited edition, you should ask Mo Fei to buy it for you. Right, where did you buy it?" 
Ye Xingguang asked Ye Junqing. 
Fu Zhuo walked over: "Xiao Mi Hu, you can stop dreaming about this, this might not be a limited edition, but it was personally made by the Boss. The diamonds on any other person’s engagement rings aren’t even as big as the small diamonds on this starfish, unless you want Mo Fei to sacrifice his own flesh." 
Xiao Mi Hu bit her lip: "It’s just so-so in appearance, I guess." 
Ye Xingguang chuckled, not wanting to hurt Xiao Mi Hu’s sour grapes attitude: "Mm, it’s just so-so, but it’s just so-so right into my heart." 
Listening to this, even the jealous Xiao Mi Hu laughed, enviously saying: "You really make me die of jealousy, huh, I’m going to ask Mo Fei for a gift, he didn’t prepare one for New Year’s, I married him for nothing." 
Xiao Mi Hu, "You can’t blame Mo Fei for this, you just ran away from home yesterday, that was a total surprise attack." Fu Zhuo couldn’t help but speak up for his good brother. 
That’s right, Xiao Mi Hu instantly felt psychologically balanced, if she can’t get a real gift, she’ll have to go demand a kiss from Mo Fei! 
After the lively scene, Ye Junqing took out his phone to check the love messages on billboards around the world posted on Weibo, what’s going on, he didn’t buy the advertising spaces, why is every city giving him free divine assists?
###Chapter 1054: Chapter 1054: Lord Ye Qing Shocks Himself 8
Ye Junqing couldn’t help but recall the APP he was fiddling with that morning using his son’s communication ring, could it be... 
That’s not possible, right? 
Ye Junqing fell into deep thought; if every request made on the APP was fulfilled, wouldn’t Li Yu have been shot by a stray bullet by now? 
Although Ye Junqing really wanted Li Yu to die, actually arranging a hit was something he preferred not to do; only when he was gritting his teeth in rage did Ye Junqing actually consider having someone take out Li Yu. 
After thinking it over, Ye Junqing took out his phone, found Li Yu’s mobile number, and dialed it. 
Beep... beep... Several tones passed, and no one picked up. 
Ye Junqing called a few more times, but still, no answer. 
After the New Year’s event ended, Ye Xingguang approached him, wanting to go home, "Who are you calling to wish a happy new year? Why are they disrespecting you by not answering your call?" noveldrama
Ye Junqing suddenly felt a bit sheepish and stuffed his phone into his pocket, saying, "Someone I haven’t kept in touch with much, probably has already blacklisted my number. Feeling sleepy?" 
"Yeah, I want to go home. Tonight was so much fun! The hairpins they gave out were pretty." 
Although it was just a trinket, it’s easy to please girls; a hairpin can make her happy all night, not to mention the fact that the big cancer Mo Yinhe had given her more than just a hairpin, but also a public declaration of love worldwide, totally nice. 
... 
Back at home, unable to sleep in the middle of the night, Ye Junqing stealthily snuck into his son’s room, unlocked his son’s communication ring, and planned to log back into the Healing World APP to chat with customer service again and make a few more requests to see if they could be fulfilled. 
But just as he was about to get the communication ring off his son’s finger, in the deeper night, the son abruptly opened his dark, cool eyes. 
Even someone like Ye Junqing, who was accustomed to big events, was startled by his son. 
This was probably the guilt of a thief. 
"What are you doing?" 
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, squinted his dangerous eyes, warily looking at Ye Junqing, who had come sneaking into his room in the middle of the night. 
Ye Junqing: "..." 
Reaching out, he tucked the quilt for his son, his movements seamless, as if to say, Daddy is just checking if you’ve kicked off your blanket. 
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, with an expression that suggested he was not at all appreciative, pouted and uttered coldly, "Leave." 
"Actually, Daddy had a dream..." 
Ye Junqing was not deterred by his son’s chilly tone, instead he took his time to sit at the head of the bed: "I dreamed that this world is actually fake, and that Daddy is trapped inside an APP called Healing World..." 
Ye Junqing was totally blasting his son: "Daddy also dreamed you were the admin of this APP, so Daddy came to check on you." 
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, remained silent but his eyes were filled with caution. 
"Daddy dreamed that you can do anything you want in this world. Now, Daddy has a particularly troublesome matter that he can’t resolve. If you can do anything you want in this world, then Daddy would have a solid backup." 
Ye Junqing lowered his own stance and simultaneously elevated his son’s, satisfying Mo Yinhe’s little CEO ego. 
"This matter has indeed been troubling Daddy for a long time..." Ye Junqing sighed. 
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, snorted proudly, "What’s the matter?" 
[An Ying: That’s the update for today, more to come tomorrow, muah, please vote, and recommend]
###Chapter 1055: Chapter 1055: My Son is Too Awesome 1
Ye Junqing said, "It seems like someone has tampered with Dad’s memories. Mom clearly loved Dad very much, but in my mind, I remember that Mom didn’t love Dad at all and even ran off with someone else. Dad suspects that someone has meddled with him. But now, there’s nowhere to start investigating. Of course, what Dad is talking about is his past life. Dad feels like I might have lived two lifetimes. If you could help Dad look into it..." noveldrama
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, did not utter a word and thought for a moment: "You go back to sleep first, I’ll tell you when I find something." 
Ye Junqing didn’t leave but laid down next to Mo Yinhe, looking distressed, "I can’t figure it out, tossing and turning, unable to sleep at night, sigh... Why did I think of asking you for help, little guy, what can you little guy even do? Dad just wanted to find someone to talk about his sorrows..." 
Mo Yinhe’s vanity as a little domineering CEO was shattered by Ye Junqing’s remark, and he said annoyedly, "Just wait!" 
After that, Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, fiddled with the communication ring in his hand and immediately found the robot customer service. 
Ye Junqing squinted his eyes and sat beside, watching his son’s operation. Sure enough, was there something special about this kid’s app? 
Robot Customer Service: "Administrator, how can I assist you?" 
Mo Yinhe, yawning incessantly, tapped on the virtual keyboard with his little finger, and after punching in a sequence of commands, the robot customer service said, "Okay, please hold." 
On the holographic screen, all of Ye Junqing’s data suddenly appeared. Seeing his name followed by a "001," Ye Junqing didn’t know what this "001" meant and sat on the bed with interest, wondering what his son was up to. 
Soon, his life trajectory appeared on the screen, which resembled surveillance footage, starting from his teenage years when someone threw him into the sea; it seemed like his life started from that moment with no history before it. 
Mo Yinhe kept fast-forwarding, fast-forwarding, and fast-forwarding... 
Until he reached the part where Ye Junqing was fighting off pursuers alone to draw them away from Little Fish Tail, taking down all the pursuers but also getting seriously injured himself, and was about to go back to find Little Fish Tail when Geshu Chen arrived with his men. 
Already severely wounded, Ye Junqing stood no chance against the strength of Geshu Chen. When Geshu Chen asked him where Little Fish Tail was, he did not utter a word. Geshu Chen then subjected him to brutal tortures, but after failing to extract any information, he was thrown into the vast sea. 
While Mo Yinhe fast-forwarded, he couldn’t help but lift his drowsy eyes to look at Ye Junqing: "You’ve got some backbone." 
Ye Junqing remained silent. Which teenager doesn’t have a bit of stubbornness? 
When Mo Yinhe was about to continue fast-forwarding, a speedboat appeared on the river. Ye Junqing said, "Pause." 
After that, he continued, "Rewind, rewind to the part with that speedboat just now." 
Mo Yinhe did as told and then pressed play at the normal speed. 
Ye Junqing noticed that the speedboat quickly approached him, and on it was a teenager who fished him out of the sea and onto the boat. 
Ye Junqing enlarged the teenager’s face on the holographic screen, feeling it looked familiar. After a moment’s thought, was this Li Yu? 
He was rescued from the sea by Li Yu in his youth? He had no memory of this at all. 
Of course, he had none, as he had already fallen into a deep coma at the time... 
After Li Yu pulled him onto the speedboat, he checked his breathing, then opened a laptop and placed some medical sensor patches on his forehead and head, not clear on what he intended to do.
###Chapter 1056: Chapter 1056: The Son Is So Awesome 2
Ye Junqing said, "Enlarge his laptop screen." 
Mo Yinhe did as instructed, enlarging the laptop screen until every word was crystal clear. 
Ye Junqing saw that a document was open on the laptop, the content of the document: "..." 
Ye Junqing read it sentence by sentence, the usually composed Ye Junqing couldn’t help but let out a curse—wasn’t this the memory of his past life with Little Fishtail in his mind, where the two of them grew to loathe each other and eventually became strangers? 
The domineering CEO Mo Yinhe was also looking, eventually letting out a "Huh" with a laugh, "You’re so pathetic, you got brainwashed!" 
Ye Junqing: "!!!" 
Li Yu, fuck your ancestors! 
The brainwashing process lasted for several hours, after which Li Yu threw him into the sea and sped away on a motorboat! 
Mo Yinhe said, "You could find someone to re-brainwash you." 
Looking into his son’s eyes again, Ye Junqing truly felt some admiration: "Do you have someone to recommend?" 
"I can find someone for you." 
"Good son." 
Ye Junqing hugged his son’s head and planted a kiss on his little forehead. Mo Yinhe, who felt disgusted, wiped his forehead and grumbled discontentedly while tugging on the comforter, "I’m going to sleep, you can leave now!" 
Dismissed mercilessly by his son, Ye Junqing closed his son’s bedroom door from outside and, after returning to the master bedroom, lay on the bed feeling very certain that he was likely trapped in an app called ’Healing World’, living an illusory life. 
Even if it was an illusion, seeing his sleeping wife and daughter, Ye Junqing felt it wasn’t so bad after all. 
The domineering CEO Mo Yinhe offered to find someone to brainwash the "messy old man," and on the third day after the Spring Festival, he indeed found someone. It was a world-renowned master in the field of psychiatry, specially invited from abroad. 
Ye Junqing, being a newlywed, thus spent the new year with Ye Xingguang paying New Year’s visits. On the evening of the third day, he finally took some time out to meet this spiritual professor, whose surname was Nan. Ye Junqing addressed him respectfully as Professor Nan and even gave him a generous New Year’s red envelope. 
"Mr. Ye, you’re too kind. I’ve heard that you’ve been brainwashed, so I came to have a look. There aren’t many people in this world who know how to brainwash someone. May I ask who has plotted against you, Mr. Ye?" Professor Nan was intrigued, which was why he came over. noveldrama
Otherwise, he would never have flown thousands of miles to the capital city during the festive season. 
Ye Junqing reported a name: "His name is Li Yu, a medical genius." 
"Li Yu?" Professor Nan suddenly realized. 
Ye Junqing caught Professor Nan’s tone: "Professor Nan also knows Li Yu?" 
"More than just know, he was my student." 
If it were someone else involved in brainwashing, Professor Nan might have hesitated, but not with Li Yu. It didn’t surprise him at all that Li Yu knew about brainwashing since it was one of the topics they had researched previously. 
Professor Nan said, "Mr. Ye, please lie down and let me take a look." 
Meeting Li Yu’s teacher, Ye Junqing gained confidence that the memories planted by Li Yu could be removed, and was naturally willing to comply. 
Professor Nan brought the necessary equipment, affixing sensory pads to his temples and other parts of his head. 
Then, Professor Nan began to operate his equipment. 
After a quiet moment, Ye Junqing asked, "Professor Nan, how is it?" 
Professor Nan said, "Your brain does indeed show signs of having been brainwashed, covering up your original memories." 
Ye Junqing knew that Li Yu was a despicable person: "Professor Nan, can you help me recover my original memories?" 
Professor Nan pondered for a long time: "Yes, but I’m afraid it will take some time, several treatments may be needed."
###Chapter 1057: Chapter 1057 A Beautiful Encounter 1
"No problem." As long as he could recover his original memories, Ye Junqing could wait through any number of treatments. 
He really wanted to expel the damned memories in his mind, to clear away the image of Little Fish Tail who was oblivious and heartless. He didn’t want to think of all the unpleasantness from the past every time he saw her, especially since those unpleasant memories weren’t even true! 
Mr. Nan said, "Mr. Ye, I’ll remove a bit at a time for you. This requires a lot of patience and can’t be rushed. My student seems to have a grudge against you." 
Ye Junqing replied coldly, "It’s more than just a grudge. It’s a mortal enmity!" 
Mr. Nan smiled without saying anything further, concentrating on his work, yet still reminded him, "Mr. Ye, you can relax and take a nap." 
Mr. Nan played some soothing music, which seemed to have a hypnotic effect. Ye Junqing lay with his eyes closed for a while, eventually drifting off into a nap, only waking up nearly half an hour later, finding Mr. Nan still focused on his task. 
Ye Junqing adjusted his position as he lay there. Although Mr. Nan’s work wasn’t finished, he clearly felt that something in his mind had changed compared to before, such as: 
A long time ago, Little Fish Tail didn’t do well on her college entrance exams and ended up in a third-rate university. His car had accidentally passed by that university, and at the intersection in front of the school gate, he saw Little Fish Tail. A couple of days later, he drove to that university. 
The school was hosting an event, and he was invited to attend as a guest. 
Little Fish Tail was the host of the event. She stood on stage, dressed beautifully and with exquisite makeup. He sat in the front row, watching her intently, unable to take his eyes off her. 
During the event, he was invited to be the Award Presenter, to give an award to an outstanding student. 
When he went on stage, Little Fish Tail was there too. He looked down and smiled at her. 
She probably didn’t recognize him, but because he was the Award Presenter, she smiled back at him. 
After the event ended, he did not accept the school’s invitation for dinner, but waited for her by the backstage door. 
Little Fish Tail had removed her makeup and changed into ordinary clothes, carrying her beautiful dress as she came out of backstage. She politely smiled at him as she passed by, and then, along with another female student, was excitedly trying to walk past him. 
However, he stopped her. 
Little Fish Tail asked curiously, "Sir, do you need something?" 
"I’d like to invite you to dinner. I wonder if I might have that honor?" 
Little Fish Tail was a bit surprised, "Why?" 
He actually said, "Because you’re beautiful." 
That made Little Fish Tail laugh. She surprisingly accepted the reason happily, thought for a moment, and said, "Alright, but I have to take my dress back to the dorm first. Can you wait for me?" 
"I would be honored." 
He accompanied her back to the dorm, the two of them walking under the night sky on campus. She enthusiastically introduced him to each corner of the campus, highlighting its features and scenery. noveldrama
"You might think our school is just a third-rate one, but previously, it was all 985 university students studying here. Our school was founded by a 985 university as a private institution, and we share the same teachers as the 985 university students. Now, the 985 students have moved to a new campus, and the old campus is left to us. I feel the old campus has more depth, with each building bearing so much history. What do you think?" 
He thought she had the most depth, the most history, being the little goddess who dared to rush into a school of sharks to save him years ago!
###Chapter 1058: Chapter 1058 A Beautiful Encounter 2
Later, he accompanied Xiaoyuwei to the entrance of the girls’ dormitory. 
It was his first time waiting for a girl at the entrance of a girls’ dormitory. 
In the evening, there were quite a few male students at the girls’ dormitory, probably all waiting for their girlfriends. He stood there in a suit, looking out of place among the male students. But the moment Xiaoyuwei ran out of the dorm, he felt as if he were a male university student too. 
"Mr. Ye, sorry to keep you waiting. We can leave now. I can take you to our cafeteria for a late-night snack." 
"Cafeteria?" 
"Yeah, the late-night snacks at our cafeteria are pretty good. Mr. Ye, you should give them a try." 
"..." 
"Let’s go, my treat." 
Xiaoyuwei took out her campus card from her pocket. 
Then, he ate the first bowl of spicy hot pot in his life. 
"Mr. Ye, is it good?" 
The junk food was unbearably spicy, what’s so good about it? But seeing Xiaoyuwei’s expectant eyes, he patted his chest and nodded, "It’s good. I know an even better restaurant; I’ll take you there sometime." 
"Alright, next time it’s on you." He took the opportunity to ask for her WeChat ID. 
With her WeChat ID, he sent her messages every day. Normally, not knowing how to start a conversation on WeChat, he spent those days researching how to chat with girls without the conversation going cold. He took pictures of all the fun things and sent them to her. 
At first, Xiaoyuwei wasn’t very enthusiastic, but later, perhaps because he sent messages so often, she was happy to tell him about life at school. 
Once, in the middle of the night, Xiaoyuwei suddenly sent him a message, asking if he knew any doctors at the Third Hospital of the Imperial Capital. 
He thought she was sick but found out it was her roommate who was hit by a car and sent to the hospital. A group of girls were at a loss, and the driver had fled the scene, leaving them at the hospital not knowing what to do. noveldrama
That night, he sent Fu Zhuo to the hospital to help deal with the hit-and-run incident and contacted the best doctors in the hospital for her roommate. 
Later, when chatting with Xiaoyuwei on WeChat, her enthusiasm was noticeably higher than before. When he invited her out on weekends, she was no longer reluctant and agreed to go wherever he wanted to take her, with a hint of gratitude. 
Although it was a bit mean, during that time, he almost wished her friends would get into some trouble so he could help out more, and Xiaoyuwei would become even more enthusiastic... 
Then one day, after spending a day out with her, when he was dropping her off at school in the evening, before getting out of the car, he couldn’t help wanting to kiss her. He unbuckled his seatbelt and leaned over... 
"Mr. Ye, let’s stop here for today." Mr. Nan’s voice was slightly weary. 
Ye Junqing opened his eyes regretfully, Mr. Nan sure knew how to pick the timing. Unfortunately, it wasn’t appropriate to ask Mr. Nan to continue just because of this... 
Ye Junqing stood up, "Thank you." 
"How is Mr. Ye feeling?" 
"I’ve retrieved part of my original memory, thank you very much." 
He just wanted to retrieve more, that feeling of first love. 
"When will Mr. Nan be available next? I’d like to make an appointment right now." 
Mr. Nan said, "Next week." 
"Next week, I’ll send a car to pick you up." 
Ye Junqing personally saw Mr. Nan out the door and into the car. Just as he closed the car door, Ye Xingguang came back to the estate with the two kids after a stroll, chatting and laughing along the way. 
"Who just left?" Ye Xingguang asked curiously. 
"A mind master," Ye Junqing said, wrapping her in his arms, really wanting to know if he eventually managed to kiss her in the car, "who can help me recover my true memories." 
[An Ying: That’s it for today’s update. More tomorrow, kisses, please vote for me and recommend!]
###Chapter 1059: Chapter 1059: Little Fish Tail Becomes the New Star of the Xia Clan 1
Those memories, during the grand wedding undersea, he had already fast-forwarded through them at 2.5x speed in the Sacred Tree. But back then, it was just a rough understanding, like watching a movie. It was completely different from when he truly regained his memories, able to feel each and every detail so distinctly. At this moment, Ye Xingguang wished he could gorge on all the details at once. 
Ye Xingguang exclaimed in surprise, "Are you talking about the memories where I’m not a rotten woman?" 
"You really aren’t a rotten woman; I am a rotten man." 
With an apologetic kiss on her cheek, if he weren’t a rotten man, why would he have despised her so much because of memories that never belonged to him? 
Ye Xingguang was filled with guilt, and to alleviate his inner remorse, he was exceptionally gentle after returning to their room that night, as gentle as if he were seeking redemption. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t notice any changes in him, because he was always gentle, attentive, and considerate of her feelings. So, this whole night of redemption was known only to him. 
The next morning, Ye Xingguang didn’t wake up until nine o’clock. As soon as she opened her eyes, she saw red and pink petals scattered over the white blanket. No wonder the air felt particularly fragrant even before she opened her eyes. 
Little Flower sat kneeling on the bed, her small hands holding vivid petals and tossing them into the air, having a wonderful time. 
Seeing Little Flower’s adorable appearance, Ye Xingguang laughed, reached out, and playfully tapped Little Flower’s nose. 
"Mom, you’re awake; isn’t it pretty?" 
"It’s beautiful. Where did all these flowers come from?" noveldrama
"Daddy bought them! Originally, Daddy wanted to pick some from Grandma’s garden, but when he got to the fence, he said it wasn’t right to steal flowers, so we went to the flower shop together. Daddy said all girls like flowers, and I think so too." 
Because, Little Flower really likes them. 
Ye Xingguang looked around, "Where’s Daddy?" 
"Someone came to pay New Year visits, so Daddy went to entertain the guests." 
After washing up, Ye Xingguang went downstairs and indeed saw guests at home. Those guests were none other than her brother and Dr. Chang. 
Xia Ye Zhao brought Chang Danran to pay New Year’s respects. He was truly grateful to Ye Xingguang’s adoptive parents for raising her, and brought many supplements with him. 
Song Chuanqi, Xia Ye Zhao, and Ye Xingguang were all sitting on the living room sofa drinking tea. Bai Lanwu gave Xiaoman a big red envelope and chatted with Chang Danran. Upon hearing that Chang Danran and Xia Ye Zhao were getting married, Bai Lanwu was especially happy for them. 
"Do you have someone to organize the wedding?" Bai Lanwu asked attentively. 
Chang Danran held her tea with both hands, "Yes, father-in-law said he would arrange it for us." 
This father-in-law was certainly not Xia Wealth, but Xia Changqiu. 
"Congratulations, you can finally live the cozy family life." Ye Xingguang crossed his legs, chatting with Xia Ye Zhao. 
The gaze Xia Ye Zhao had for Chang Danran was gentle as if time had quieted: "Same for you, what’s the story with my little nephew and niece?" 
"They’re my biological children." 
Xia Ye Zhao’s eyes flared as he looked at Ye Xingguang. 
Ye Xingguang added, "I didn’t harm any underage girls." 
"Brother." Ye Xingguang came downstairs holding Little Flower. 
Hearing Ye Xingguang’s voice, Xia Ye Zhao suppressed the anger in his eyes. When his little sister walked over holding his niece, Xia Ye Zhao took Little Flower into his arms, placed her on his lap, and ruffled her little head. 
"Uncle." The sweetest little mouth in history never disappointed anyone.
###Chapter 1060: Chapter 1060: Little Mermaid Becomes the New Star of the Xia Family 2
Ye Xingguang sat down next to Ye Junqing: “My brother came, why didn’t you wake me up?”
Ye Junqing, of course, didn’t answer that question and just held her in his arms.
Xia Ye Zhao handed a bank card to Ye Xingguang.
“What’s this?”
“The dividends from the Xia Group last year. You own ten percent of the shares, so this is your portion. The password is your birthday.”noveldrama
Ye Junqing’s mocking voice chimed in: “Did Xia Group make any money last year? They kept getting hit with negative press, I doubt there’s even a few million in this card?”
Xia Group indeed got caught up in negative news last year, but regular people never stop spending just because of bad news, so the profits were slightly less than previous years, but they weren’t in the red.
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t mention the amount on the card, he just handed it to his sister.
Ye Xingguang took the bank card, and thinking of what Ye Junqing said, couldn’t help feeling a bit guilty, “Bro, have you ever considered a business partnership with the underwater world? Xia Group has always been developing mermaid-themed products, and since mermaids are seen as ocean deities, a partnership could lead to more products to sell to the underwater residents.”
“However, the merchandise for the underwater world can’t use Xia Yanyan’s mermaid for branding; instead, we should design around the image of the underwater queen. Developing ocean deity products would surely open a bigger market, like an ocean deity protection necklace. The underwater residents would definitely buy them to wear around their necks for protection…”
Ye Xingguang was full of business ideas, completely unaware that Ye Junqing had already changed his expression, thinking how could she want other people to wear her image around their necks—was she planning to make him jealous enough to glow green?
“Yeah, such small souvenirs are really rare in our underwater world, Uncle, we can totally work together.”
Yin Xiaohua said in a cute voice: “You develop, I’ll help you sell. I have a big company underwater, and many chain stores too. Uncle, we’ll be perfect business partners from now on.”
Hearing this, Xia Ye Zhao was naturally very interested: “If that’s the case, my little sister might need to take some photoshoots for ads.”
Ye Xingguang joked: “Sure, no problem at all. Well, everyone already knows I look like the queen, hiring me as the spokesperson won’t be an issue. I’ve never done an ad photoshoot before, but I’d be a perfect stand-in.”
After that, she didn’t forget to consult Ye Junqing: “Honey, what do you think? I don’t have a job anymore, I’m basically unemployed and desperate to be the spokesperson for the Xia Group.”
Feeling like his jealousy would soon make him glow green, Ye Junqing really wanted to say no, but seeing the hopeful look in her eyes, and remembering his own past as a scoundrel, he changed his ‘no’ to: “As long as you’re happy, why not?”
“Then it’s settled!”
Xia Ye Zhao wasn’t just speaking off the cuff; Xia Group urgently needed fresh blood and new market opportunities, so right after the New Year, when everything was set to restart, Xia Ye Zhao brought up the underwater market in a company meeting.
The executives in the meeting room were taken aback by Xia Ye Zhao’s surprise annual plan. Completely unprepared and unfamiliar with the underwater world, they each shared their opinions one after another.
###Chapter 1061: Chapter 1061: Little Fish Tail Becomes the New Star of the Xia Clan 3
"But we know nothing about the cultural beliefs of the undersea world. Last time, Miss Xia Yanyan caused some trouble down there. If the queen of the undersea world allows us to develop products around her, mishandling it might lead to international disputes. Moreover, how do we even sell products to the undersea world?" 
"That’s right. It’s said that the world twenty thousand leagues under the sea can’t be reached by any country’s diving technology on land. So far, to visit the undersea world, one still needs to take their submarine, which means this route is completely monopolized by the undersea world. I think we need to be cautious about entering the undersea market." 
"Well, not necessarily. It’s said that the Ye Group has already entered into multiple cooperation projects with the Galaxy Group of the undersea world earlier this year. Now, many major companies around the world see the undersea world as a lucrative opportunity and are eager to tap into the undersea market. Our Xia Group should not lag behind. I agree with Mr. Xia’s proposal, but won’t developing products around the queen’s image spark international controversy?" 
"..." 
Xia Ye Zhao sat at the head position and only spoke after everyone shared their views, "I have already contacted the undersea world’s embassy in the imperial capital. After discussions with the ambassador, we received a response. They have agreed to let us develop products around the Sea God." 
With that, Xia Ye Zhao placed an official consent form on the table. 
Someone took a look at it and found that it was actually stamped by Queen Muya herself, allowing Xia Group exclusive endorsement rights for the products. 
"Mr. Xia, when did you manage this? It’s truly amazing." 
But that’s not all, Xia Ye Zhao said, "In the future, we will cooperate with the Superstar Group of the undersea world. I have already achieved a long-term strategic goal with them. Next, we need to choose a spokesperson for the Sea God’s products." noveldrama
"I suggest Miss Xia Yanyan as the spokesperson. Miss Xia Yanyan is undoubtedly the best choice for representing the Sea God." 
"I agree." 
"But Miss Xia Yanyan was previously reported to have been disrespectful to Queen Muya in the undersea world. Are you sure the underwater residents will accept her as a spokesperson? Actually, I think if we could get Miss Ye Xingguang, it would be even better. Miss Ye Xingguang resembles Queen Muya very much. Mr. Xia, I suggest considering Miss Ye Xingguang." 
"Are you sure that the wife of the Ye Group’s CEO will agree to endorse products for the Xia Group?" 
"But Miss Ye Xingguang holds a ten percent stake in the Xia Group. She is also one of Xia Group’s shareholders, so the future development of Xia Group is related to her interests..." 
After an intense discussion, Xia Ye Zhao finally announced, "Ye Xingguang has already agreed to become the spokesperson for the Sea God, and Queen Muya also agreed for Ye Xingguang to be the spokesperson. I want to see a specific product development plan within a week." 
After the meeting concluded, Xia Ye Zhao was the first to leave the conference room. 
After he left, the executives watched his departing figure with admiring eyes. It was just after the Spring Festival, and yet Mr. Xia quietly secured such a major contract! 
Due to the negative impact on the image of the Xia’s Family, the peripheral sales of the national treasure Xia Yanyan were declining, and company morale was at an all-time low. However, with the fresh blood of the Sea God injected into the mix, everyone suddenly saw a bright future for the Xia Group once again!
###Chapter 1062: Chapter 1062: Little Fish Tail Becomes the New Star of the Xia Clan 4
Xia Yanyan heard the news and stormed into Xia Ye Zhao’s office, furious.
“Brother, are you crazy? You’re actually going to make Ye Xingguang the brand ambassador for Xia’s Group’s new product. Don’t you know that all of Xia’s Group’s product ambassadors have always been me, Xia Yanyan!”
Xia Ye Zhao had the secretary pour her a cup of tea and calmly explained to Xia Yanyan, “Your product endorsements have not been changed. Xingguang is still the ambassador for the Ocean God’s peripheral products. There is no conflict between the two.”
“How is there no conflict? I’m the ambassador for Country A’s national treasure peripherals, and she’s the ambassador for the Ocean God peripherals. Just hearing it sounds more high-end and classy than mine! Brother, are you doing this to slap me in the face? Isn’t it enough that I’m being overshadowed by Ye Xingguang in everything? She’s already overshadowing me in everything, and now our own company’s brand ambassador too. How am I supposed to cope in the future?”
Xia Yanyan was trembling with anger. “Is it because I’m not your real sister, so you don’t care about me anymore?”
“Don’t overthink. You will always be my beloved sister.”
“But the sister you care about the most now is likely not me, Xia Yanyan, right? Don’t think I don’t know that Ye Xingguang is really Qiongqiong, isn’t she?”
She had already suspected as much, only lacking evidence!
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t answer the question, only asking her to calm down, “Xia’s Group needs fresh blood, and we need to expand into the underwater market. Yanyan, I hope you understand that Xia’s Group needs a better future.”
“A better future means abandoning me, the national treasure, to cater to the Ocean God, right? Brother, is that what you mean? Don’t forget that Xia’s Group wouldn’t be here today without me, Xi’a Yanyan, being unbeatable. Without me, where would Xia’s Group be?”
Xia Ye Zhao looked at his sister, bewildered, “Yanyan, open your heart a little. No one in this world is against you. Why do you have to compare yourself to Xingguang in everything?”
The two of them share blood, meant to be the most loving siblings, so why must they turn into enemies.
“Am I the one comparing everything with her? It’s clearly her coming back for revenge, wanting to overshadow me in everything!” Xia Yanyan felt utterly wronged.
In front of Ye Xingguang, she never gained any advantage. Wherever Ye Xingguang was present, she was utterly outshone!
Even on New Year’s Eve, everyone was supposed to envy her, but once Ye Xingguang showed up, the whole world envied Ye Xingguang!
Why?
And now even her big brother is so biased!
Xia Yanyan was so angry her eyes reddened. “In any case, I disagree! I absolutely do not agree to have Ye Xingguang be our Xia’s Group brand ambassador. Xia’s Group mermaid ambassador can only be me, Xia Yanyan!”noveldrama
“I’ve already decided on this matter. Your entire range of brand peripherals won’t be reduced, but the underwater market’s ambassador has already been set as Xingguang.”
For unreasonable behavior, Xia Ye Zhao didn’t want to indulge her. In the end, he spoke with earnest yet firm words:
“Yanyan, I hope you can be a little more wise and reasonable. You’re about to get married. If you persist with such unreasonable behavior, even if you’re a national treasure, the Perrys might not happily accept you. Harry Perry has already called me several times, expressing dissatisfaction over Xia’s latest negative news. This is a good marriage. I hope you can cherish it and don’t waste all the happiness that you can hold in your hands.”
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update. We’ll continue tomorrow. Mwah, asking for monthly votes, asking for recommendations]
###Chapter 1063: Chapter 1063: A Man-Made Disaster 1
Unfortunately, Xia Yanyan couldn’t listen, her heart full of resentment, believing that Xia Ye Zhao was biased. Ever since Ye Xingguang appeared in her world, she felt all her good luck had been taken away by Ye Xingguang. Being advised by her brother made her so angry that she stormed out, slamming the door behind her.
Xia Ye Zhao shook his head. He genuinely didn’t know what to say or how to guide this younger sister of his.noveldrama
After leaving the Xia Corporation, Xia Yanyan drove alone, speeding on the streets.
Her elder brother found her a professional doctor for tattoo removal, and lately, she had to visit every few days to remove the tattoo on her face. Otherwise, without applying a thick layer of concealer, she couldn’t even step out of the house.
But on the way to find the professional doctor, her mind was filled with hatred, thinking about how she could make everyone focus all their attention on her.
How could she regain the dazzling radiance that originally belonged to her?
Xia Yanyan was fuming. She had to find a way to prevent Ye Xingguang’s endorsement from proceeding!
…
No matter how much Xia Yanyan fussed, a few days later, Ye Xingguang received a call from Xia Ye Zhao, asking her to go to Xia Corporation to shoot the endorsement advertisement.
It was her first time shooting an endorsement ad, and Ye Xingguang was quite excited.
Upon arriving at Xia Corporation, there were dedicated people waiting for her in the parking lot to guide her to the studio.
According to the endorsement requirements, she needed to shoot a series of print ads, a short video, and an outdoor MV.
Today, they would first shoot a series of print ads, with a makeup artist specially assigned to do her makeup.
After being brought to the makeup room, the female makeup artist responsible for her makeup kept praising her good skin, big eyes, and exquisite features, saying she was a stunning beauty that required very little touch-up. The compliments made her feel like she was floating.
She smiled without saying anything, her mood already bright as day.
After her makeup was set, she took a few selfies with her phone and sent them to her family’s big “thorn” on WeChat.
“Do I look good?”
Ye Junqing replied instantly: “You look great.”
“Haha, the makeup artist is amazing.”
Ye Junqing: “Naturally beautiful, otherwise not even the best makeup artist could help.”
Ye Xingguang smiled joyfully, her small vanity was satisfied.
Ye Junqing: “In a few days, we’ll go take wedding photos.”
“Sure!”
They had already held a grand wedding under the sea, yet hadn’t taken wedding photos. They did take photos underwater, but at that time she wore a queen’s gown, not a wedding dress, so as grand and beautiful as the pictures were, they couldn’t be used for the wedding.
Just then, Yen’an called, so she had to pause her WeChat voice chat with Ye Junqing.
Yen’an had come to the Imperial City and asked where she was. She gave him the address of Xia Corporation, asking him to come over. After her shoot, they would have a feast together, as part of her duty as the host.
“Miss Ye, please change your clothes. They are in the dressing room. Once you’re changed, we can proceed to the studio for the shoot.”
“Okay.”
After ending the call with Yen’an, Ye Xingguang walked into the dressing room and found a pair of pants designed like a mermaid tail hanging there. The color was an imitation of her tail, blue with pearl white…
Today, she had worn her underwater one-piece waterproof pants, and after struggling to put on the imitation mermaid tail, she wobbly walked out, stepping into the studio, and entered the water.
The Xia Corporation’s studio resembled a small swimming pool, traditionally prepared for Xia Yanyan’s print ad shoots, and it was the first time being used by someone else.
While Ye Xingguang was shooting the print ad in the water, Xia Ye Zhao rushed over, standing by the pool to watch her shoot.
###Chapter 1064: Chapter 1064: A Man-Made Disaster 2
When the photographer said it was time for a break, Xia Ye Zhao reached out and pulled her out of the water: "How is it, are you adapting?" 
"It’s alright, just that both legs are tightly squeezed into the mermaid pants, it’s a bit uncomfortable, difficult to walk, and hey, I’m thirsty. President Xia, can you get me a drink?" noveldrama
In front of outsiders, Ye Xingguang didn’t directly call Xia Ye Zhao brother. 
Xia Ye Zhao brought her a bottle of Yakult, unscrewing the cap and handing it to her. Watching her tight-fitting fishtail, he could imagine her struggle. If she didn’t wear the tight fishtail pants and showed her real tail instead... 
Xia Ye Zhao knew his sister would not agree. 
Ye Xingguang’s husband was even less willing, having called him several times, threatening that if anyone saw her fishtail, he would gouge out everyone’s eyes, that arrogant brother-in-law, with a heart smaller than a needle’s eye! 
Ye Xingguang drank a bottle of Yakult, rested for a while, and the photographer asked if she could continue shooting? 
She nodded and dived back into the water. 
Today’s print advertisement was mainly shot in the water, aiming to capture her mysterious, graceful, and charismatic presence as the ocean goddess. 
Of course, the shooting location couldn’t fully express these, relying on post-production editing. 
While shooting, staff started repeatedly running to the bathroom with diarrhea. 
At first, no one noticed, but as more people had diarrhea, it inevitably aroused suspicion—could it be food poisoning? 
Everyone had the company’s ordered takeout for lunch, if it were unclean, surely no one would escape unscathed. 
Due to the constant diarrhea victims unable to continue working, the shooting had to pause. Ye Xingguang emerged from the water again, and just as she stood up, one of the assistants responsible for lighting in the water vomited right there. 
Xia Ye Zhao also noticed something was wrong: "What’s going on?" 
Someone said: "Don’t know, maybe the lunch takeout wasn’t clean." 
Xia Ye Zhao wrapped Ye Xingguang in a clean blanket to prevent her from catching a cold, intending to take her away. The pool now had vomit in it, and he couldn’t let his little sister continue shooting in the pool. 
"My darling, I’m here." 
Yen’an walked into the studio with a small suitcase, spotted Ye Xingguang, and pounced over. 
Ye Xingguang’s hair was still wet, wrapped in a thick blanket. Yen’an pounced, and she couldn’t dodge, ending up hugged tightly by Yen’an. 
Xia Ye Zhao recognized Yen’an as the girl from the island who was quite money-minded. Knowing that Yen’an was his sister’s best friend, he stepped back, letting the two girls reunite in an embrace. 
However, after hugging Ye Xingguang, Yen’an caught a whiff of the smell from her wet hair and couldn’t help but frown: "What’s that smell?" 
Finishing her words, she quickly pushed Ye Xingguang away in disgust. 
"What smell?" Ye Xingguang didn’t notice anything. 
Yen’an moved closer to her hair, sniffed again, and immediately held her breath: "Pah, pah, pah, why does your body have a cholera smell?" 
Ye Xingguang: "!!!" 
What does cholera smell like? She would love to hear. 
However, Yen’an said: "What cholera are you talking about?" 
Yen’an, being skilled in medicine, immediately noticed something off about the smell in the studio. She sniffed around and finally focused on the pool, opened her suitcase, and took a sample of the pool water for testing. 
A few minutes later, there was a scream, "Ahhhhh!" 
"How unlucky am I? I just wanted to find my best friend to mooch a meal, how did I encounter cholera?" 
"Close the studio doors, no one can enter or leave, there’s a cholera outbreak here."
###Chapter 1065: Chapter 1065: A Man-Made Disaster 3
Yen’an’s words terrified everyone, leaving them pale-faced.
“Cholera? Miss, are you talking about the cholera that is a deadly infectious disease?”
“What else do you think? I detected cholera bacteria in this water.” Yen’an’s expression was very serious.
Ye Xingguang walked over: “Yen’an, is what you said true?”noveldrama
Yen’an felt her scalp tingling as she looked at Ye Xingguang’s soaking wet hair: “Quickly wash your hair and clean yourself up, don’t catch the virus, I… I still wanted to go eat hotpot with you, I think hotpot is super delicious, but now we can’t, no one is allowed to leave here, it’s a contagious disease, very serious!”
Ye Xingguang said, “My husband doesn’t even let me eat hotpot…”
The problem was, where could she wash now? She wasn’t sure if the water source had issues.
Upon hearing cholera, Xia Ye Zhao’s face suddenly turned extremely grim, and he directly grabbed Ye Xingguang: “Come on, let’s go take a shower.”
“Mr. Xia, don’t touch me, the water on me might be toxic…”
Hearing her words, Xia Ye Zhao looked at her intently, and in the next moment, he directly scooped her up in his arms and strode out, even though Yen’an said no one was allowed to go out, Xia Ye Zhao had already carried her away, heading straight to his office.
His office had a dedicated rest room with a shower.
After carrying her outside, Xia Ye Zhao gave an order: “Tell everyone in the company to stay in their offices and not to move around freely. Lock down the building, don’t let anyone in or out. Also, call 120 and notify the epidemic prevention department, tell them there might be a cholera outbreak here… and get Dr. Xu Ya over here!”
“Yes, Mr. Xia.”
…
Being carried to the office by Xia Ye Zhao, Ye Xingguang didn’t know whether she should shower.
Yen’an also rushed over to check if the water source in Xia Ye Zhao’s office shower room was contaminated with cholera.
After testing, she found the water source was clean, and Yen’an was relieved: “You can wash, hurry and wash! Oh, and take these two antiviral pills first, they might not be effective, but it’s better than nothing.”
“Don’t be nervous, I might not be infected, I’m wearing waterproof clothing all over.”
After Ye Xingguang took the two antiviral pills, she thoroughly washed herself in the shower.
Xia Ye Zhao also changed out of his clothes, then took one of his own shirts, a sweater, and a coat, and after Ye Xingguang finished her shower, he handed her his clean clothes to wear.
“Make do for now, wear mine.”
Xia Ye Zhao grabbed a hairdryer, and after she changed into the clothes, he dried her hair for her.
Yen’an had already returned to the studio, diagnosing a few people who were showing symptoms and confirmed that they were presenting with clinical signs of cholera, causing panic among the crowd.
“How could there be cholera virus in the clear pool water?”
“Who was responsible for changing the water this morning?”
“What should we do? We have no symptoms now, does that mean we’re not infected, or are we already infected? I want to leave here, get away from this huge source of infection, I want to get out!”
The unrest among the crowd couldn’t be calmed, as chaos ensued in the studio, Yen’an wanted to send them elsewhere, but no one would listen to her, let alone she wasn’t a doctor. However, before those desperate to leave could exit the studio’s door, the epidemic prevention department personnel had arrived in protective suits.
When Ye Jun Qing received the news, the situation had already been unfolding for more than half an hour.
###Chapter 1066: Chapter 1066: A Man-Made Disaster 4
Arriving at the entrance of the Xia’s Group building, he was stopped by the epidemic prevention personnel and wasn’t allowed in; the entire building was cordoned off. 
Ye Xingguang pulled out his phone and gave Xia Ye Zhao a furious scolding, venting none of his frustration, while worrying about his precious: "Xia Ye Zhao, get her out for me!" 
"I’m fine." On the phone, Ye Xingguang’s voice came through. 
Ye Xingguang was startled for a moment and then suppressed his anger: "How are you fine? I said this endorsement was unnecessary. Now look, filming a commercial and you got cholera! This Xia’s Family is just toxic; nothing good happens when you get involved with them! Quick, see where the epidemic control is lax and sneak out; I’m waiting at the entrance for you." 
"I can’t get out, it’s all sealed off, and I’ve been soaking in the swimming pool for a while now. The doctor is giving me a physical check, don’t worry, I feel fine..." 
"How long did you soak in the swimming pool?" Ye Xingguang’s heart was in knots. 
"Not that long." 
Ye Xingguang was so anxious his heart was in a panic: "Just now you said it was quite a while!" 
"Oh well, anyway don’t be nervous, Yen’an is here with me, she’s my best friend, and her medical skills are superb." 
No matter how good, Ye Xingguang still couldn’t help but worry! 
Thinking of her being in a big virus cesspool, how could Ye Xingguang be at ease? 
He lowered his voice and said, "Do you have any regret pills on you? Quickly take one to go back to this morning and definitely not go to Xia’s for a few days, come to Ye’s with me, I’ll take you to play golf." 
"Really, I’m fine, I’m in great shape, don’t worry about me, I’m getting checked now, gotta go." 
After Ye Xingguang finished speaking, she hung up the phone. 
She walked to the floor-to-ceiling window, looking at Ye Xingguang standing below outside the building, as if even through the dozens of floors, she could feel the fire in his eyes and the worry in his heart. 
However, she really was fine, just temporarily unable to get out. 
"Master Xing, don’t worry, technology is advanced now, cholera isn’t as scary as it used to be, it can be cured, take a sip of water and calm down." Fu Zhuo handed a bottle of mineral water to him. 
Ye Xingguang put his hands on his hips, glaring at Fu Zhuo: "What to drink! Help me find a way to get her out of that damn building, if you have no idea then don’t bother me!" 
Ye Xingguang took out his phone and made a call to his brother. 
Ye Shiting: "Is sister-in-law infected?" 
Ye Xingguang: "I don’t know, she’s been soaking in that swimming pool for a while, I need to get her out of the building, take her home, and take care of her; if she’s not under my watch, I can’t be at ease." 
Ye Shiting said, "Hold on, I’ll call the epidemic prevention department." 
Ye Xingguang: "Bro, you are truly my brother." noveldrama
Ye Shiting: "Wait, after getting her out, don’t contact anyone else, take her straight home, find an empty lodge to stay temporarily, and after confirming she’s fine, you both can move around freely." 
Ye Xingguang: "No problem, she and I will self-isolate." 
After hanging up, Ye Xingguang waited under the Xia’s Group building, almost three minutes later, Ye Shiting sent him a WeChat message: "Sister-in-law will be out soon." 
Sure enough, shortly after, Ye Xingguang was escorted out of the Xia’s Group by the epidemic prevention personnel. Ye Xingguang had someone drive the car over, then stuffed her into the front passenger seat, and drove her away himself, not letting the driver drive. 
Yen’an also came out together, swiftly opened the back seat door, bumped in, and shouted as soon as she got in the car: "Ah! Your Majesty! Can I order hot pot?" 
[An Ying: That’s it for today’s update, will continue tomorrow, mwah, asking for monthly tickets, recommendation tickets]
###Chapter 1067: Chapter 1067: Daring to plot against the Empress of the Empire, I will kill her!
Ye Junqing ignored her, acting as if Yen’an didn’t exist. As for hotpot, he never wanted Xiaoyuwei to try it in his lifetime, lest she end up in the hospital with diarrhea without even catching cholera! 
Yen’an didn’t mind being ignored, and kept bragging about her achievements on the way. It seemed like if she had been a step too late, Ye Xingguang would have died from cholera, which made Ye Junqing almost lose control of the car several times while driving. 
"I swear, Your Majesty, I’m not lying. If cholera is severe, it can cause diarrhea, dehydration, and even death within hours. I’m the woman who’s made the greatest contribution to the Empire this year. You must give me an annual contribution award at the end of the year!" 
"Alright, say no more. I’ll treat you to hotpot, okay?" Ye Xingguang said as she took out her phone. 
She was afraid that if Yen’an kept talking, the car speed would get out of control. 
The times she had ridden in a car driven by Ye Junqing himself could be counted on her fingers; who knew how he drove? noveldrama
"Love you to death, Xiao Jiu! I also love Your Majesty; he gave me a house in the Imperial Capital." 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have dragged her suitcase to the capital. 
Ye Xingguang was surprised, and Yen’an said, "Your Majesty is incredibly generous to me. I’m almost tempted to switch loyalties." 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes and clicked on a well-known hotpot restaurant on her phone app, which allowed online ordering. 
Ye Xingguang also wanted to eat, so after choosing a few dishes she liked, she handed the phone to Yen’an: "Order whatever you want, don’t be shy. Does Bai Xiao know you came to the capital?" 
"Of course, I’m here with my colleague to look at houses, and I need to buy medicine for my man. The one that cures the urge to drink blood is amazing, but unfortunately, it hasn’t fully entered the market yet, and many people can’t buy it. I’m here to... as you would say, do some purchasing!" 
Yen’an said while ordering hotpot on her phone: "I think hotpot could be introduced to our Empire. By then, we could sit in an underwater restaurant and have hotpot. How awesome would that be? Ah, hurry up and open the markets between the two countries." 
At this moment, Ye Junqing’s phone rang in his pocket. Inconvenient to answer while driving, he tossed it to Ye Xingguang to take the call. 
On the phone, Xiao Yun’s voice came through: "Qingye, it’s been discovered, the cholera in the swimming pool was deliberate." 
It was obvious; even Ye Xingguang could guess that. 
"It was Miss Xia Yanyan. She found someone to obtain the cholera virus sample from the disease research center and poured it into the studio’s swimming pool early in the morning when no one was looking..." 
"That lunatic!" Ye Xingguang’s good mood was instantly ruined. 
"Who’s Xia Yanyan? Is she that red-tailed fish?" 
Ye Xingguang nodded. 
Yen’an rolled up her sleeves: "Dare to harm the Empire’s queen, I want to kill her!" 
Yen’an wasn’t the only one who wanted Xia Yanyan dead; Ye Junqing’s expression was already cold enough to have Xia Yanyan torn to pieces. 
Ye Junqing’s voice was icy to the extreme: "Have you gathered enough evidence?" 
Xiao Yun replied regretfully: "We haven’t found sufficient evidence yet. The person who got the cholera virus sample from the disease research center is an employee there, and that employee’s laugh was heard working at the Xia Corporation. Xia Yanyan didn’t do it herself; even if the police pursue it, she can remain clean. I only discovered that both the disease research center employee and the Xia Corporation employee are hardcore fans of Xia Yanyan, and found a phone record between them and Xia Yanyan three days ago."
###Chapter 1068: Chapter 1068: You Are Not People From the Same World
Ye Xingguang clenched her phone, rage continually bubbling from her heart: “So you’re saying that even if I know she’s planning to release cholera virus in the water to harm me, I still can’t bring her to justice?”
Xiao Yun didn’t speak, evidently consenting.
“Can’t we bring out those two brainless fans to testify against Xia Yanyan? I can’t believe there’s anyone in the world who can’t be bought, unless the offer isn’t big enough!” She had heard this line on TV.
If Xia Yanyan dared to poison her, she would never let her off the hook again!
Xiao Yun said: “Xia Yanyan is a national treasure. Even if she orchestrated this from behind the scenes, the law grants a lot of immunity to national treasures, and the National Treasure Committee will protect her, keeping her out of jail.”
Ye Xingguang rubbed her hands together eagerly: “Are you forcing me to deal with her myself then?”
Ye Junqing took the phone directly and hung up: “Don’t worry, I’ll handle her once and for all, and never let her or the Xia family disgust you again!”
“How will you handle it? Xia Yanyan is a national treasure, the state will protect her.”
Ye Junqing didn’t say anything, only remarked: “In any case, you don’t need to worry about this matter anymore. Relax and enjoy your hotpot, you’re allowed just once, but only a small amount.”
She had no mood for hotpot now. Thinking about how Xia Yanyan wanted her to contract cholera made her wish to chop Xia Yanyan into mince and feed her to the sharks!
Ye Junqing drove back home, arranged an isolated small building within the manor, and isolated three people, her, him, and Yen’an, inside. Once inside, they didn’t discuss the matter anymore.
Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan, having heard that the pool where she filmed the ad contained cholera virus, looked quite frightened. They couldn’t enter the small building but sent various delicacies to the doorway, hoping she’d eat more to boost her immunity.
At Xia’s Group, Xia Ye Zhao received a call from Ye Junqing and learned that the cholera virus had been released by his sister. He was so shocked he didn’t know what to say for a long time. He couldn’t imagine what kind of malicious intent Yanyan had when she did this.
Ye Junqing said over the phone: “Wake up, the parents and sister you wish to protect aren’t qualified for your protection. If I were you, I’d cut ties with them immediately. You’re not from the same world.”
Xia Ye Zhao’s voice was weary and pained: “I really can’t understand the human heart…”
“What’s there to understand or not understand? Are you three years old? Those three are unchangeable in nature, distance yourself from them for safety, and take care of your own small family.”
Ye Junqing felt sympathy for Xia Ye Zhao but didn’t plan to inform him that he intended to take revenge on the Xia family, referring to that family of three.
For the sake of their long-standing relationship, Ye Junqing spoke candidly to Xia Ye Zhao: “Your wife and kids are nice, your biological father you found isn’t bad either. Brother-in-law, if I were you, I’d hold onto those worth protecting. For those not worth protecting, even if you dig your heart out, you might not gain the familial affection you desire. I’ve said enough, hanging up.”
“Beep beep…” Xia Ye Zhao’s phone emitted the sound of a disconnected call.noveldrama
Sitting in his office, he still couldn’t believe that Yanyan had done this.
The call was made to Xia Yanyan’s phone, where she was at home, fiddling with a facial mask, playing her emotions, and creating new music.
In high spirits, she experienced an outburst of inspiration today, and exquisite music flowed from her fingertips. Xia Wealth and Wang Zimei sat in the living room, listening with great pleasure.
###Chapter 1069: Chapter 1069: Junxing’s Weibo Tops the Trending List
Xia Yanyan was utterly enjoying herself; she couldn’t believe that after soaking in the pool for so long, Ye Xingguang wouldn’t catch cholera. 
As long as Ye Xingguang got infected with cholera, she wouldn’t be able to continue shooting the Poseidon’s advertisement in the short term. 
But the advertising schedule can’t get messed up, wouldn’t it be her turn then? 
Xia Yanyan fantasized beautifully, envisioning all the Poseidon’s print ads, short video ads, and various other ads being endorsed by her, driving all the attention to her. 
At this moment, her phone in her pocket rang: "Sister Xia, Sister Xia, quickly check the top of the trending list." 
"Did Ye Xingguang also get infected with cholera?" 
Ye Li hesitated on the phone: "Sister Xia, you’d better see for yourself. By the way, something happened at home, my mom is sick, and I want to take some time off to go back and take care of her." 
Ye Li lied; she no longer wanted to work as an assistant for Xia Yanyan. 
Xia Yanyan didn’t mind and granted her the leave. 
After hanging up the phone, Xia Yanyan opened the trending list and saw the number one trending topic on Junxing’s Weibo: [Xia’s Cholera] 
It was a video; Xia Yanyan opened it with interest, placed her phone on the piano, and went to the living room fridge to take out a box of strawberry yogurt, eating while watching. 
The video displayed a report about cholera occurring in Xia Group’s studio, capturing interviews with some victimized staff members, several of whom were sent to the hospital, appearing quite serious. 
The first three minutes of the report evoked sympathy for the staff who caught cholera, but three minutes later, the scene changed to her and Disease Control Center employee QinQiao’s WeChat video call records. 
In the video call, Xia Yanyan said, "Are you really willing to go through hell or high water for me?" 
The brainwashed fan QinQiao: "Miss Xia, I am willing." 
Xia Yanyan chuckled, as if disbelieving. 
The brainwashed fan QinQiao: "Miss Xia, even if it means dying, I’m willing. I’m serious." 
Xia Yanyan: "I want some cholera virus from the Disease Control Center, can you get it for me?" 
The brainwashed fan QinQiao: "I can, but Miss Xia, what do you want with the cholera virus? It’s harmful to the body, and you shouldn’t mess with it." 
Xia Yanyan: "Of course I don’t want to touch it, but... I want someone else to touch it..." 
... noveldrama
Seeing such a video, Xia Yanyan’s face turned pale; the video was long and hadn’t ended. 
Further, it showed QinQiao stealing the cholera virus at the Disease Control Center, QinQiao taking the cholera virus out and handing it over to Xia Group’s employee Wang Shuang, and Wang Shuang secretly pouring the cholera virus into the pool early in the morning... 
It was as if someone saw through God’s eyes, capturing these impossible-to-photograph processes, and making them into a video, placed online. 
Internet users were shocked after watching this video! 
Who would’ve thought this cholera outbreak was orchestrated by Xia Yanyan. 
"Why would she do this? Isn’t it her own family’s company?" 
A well-informed person stepped forward: "Xia Group collaborated with the megastar group of the underwater world, planning to enter the underwater world’s market to develop Poseidon’s surrounding products and invited the Carp Girl as the spokesperson. Today, Carp Girl went to Xia Group to shoot print ads, so figure out the rest yourselves..." 
"What the hell! This is too vicious, does the national treasure want the Carp Girl to get sick?"
###Chapter 1070: Chapter 1070 Opposing Xia Yanyan Becoming a National Treasure
"Don’t just follow the domestic trending topics, check out the foreign ones. The foreign trending topics are laughing at us, saying that our country is exalting a person of low moral character as a national treasure. It’s really laughable, I’m about to be driven mad by the foreign comments!" 
"I saw them too, saying that the national treasure we’ve held in our palm for over twenty years is gilded on the outside but rotten inside. How dare it become the image ambassador for Country A? If the image ambassador of Country A is of such quality, how skewed must the values of Country A’s people be?" 
"Ahhh! I’m so embarrassed. Our proud national treasure is now being condemned, mocked, and scorned by everyone abroad. Xia Yanyan has completely disgraced our country’s reputation!" 
"Someone of such character isn’t qualified to be a national treasure. I’m going to protest, protest against Xia Yanyan continuing to be a national treasure. It’s too embarrassing, too degrading. How am I supposed to hold my head up in front of foreign friends in the future?" 
"..." 
On the internet, this kind of public opinion is escalating. Who doesn’t want their country’s national treasure to be a perfect, flawless angel, something to brag about? Who wants everyone to mock them for regarding an ill-mannered woman as a national treasure? 
A massive "Oppose Xia Yanyan as a National Treasure" sentiment is brewing... 
Xia Yanyan’s face turned pale as she watched the online video. noveldrama
What happened? How was her video call with QinQiao at home recorded? 
She had clearly done multiple checks confirming that there was no hidden surveillance in her room, so how was it captured so clearly? 
Xia Yanyan looked up around the living room, glanced left and right, terrified, feeling that there were invisible eyes watching her every move, that whatever she did might be discovered. 
Xia Wealth, enjoying his daughter’s piano playing, and Wang Zimei also came over to watch the video. 
Xia Wealth was so angry that he wished he could smack her: "Are you crazy? You threw cholera virus into your family’s group and now everyone knows about it. Do you still want to be a national treasure?" 
"Dad, this video isn’t real..." 
Before Xia Yanyan finished her sentence, Xia Wealth raised his hand and slapped her: "The Xia Group, under your brother’s management, was about to see the dawn of breaking negative news, but you tossed cholera virus into your family’s group building. Do you think last year’s declining group revenue wasn’t enough?" 
Xia Yanyan covered her face in disbelief: "Dad, you hit me? You’ve never hit me! Now suddenly you hit me? Do you also think I can’t bring you glory anymore, that you no longer care for me like you used to? Are you still thinking about Xia Qiongqiong, hoping she’ll become your new cash cow? But she doesn’t even bother with you! I’m the only one you can rely on! Even big brother isn’t your biological child! Now you’re hitting the only one who can bring you glory—me!" 
Xia Yanyan was truly angry, uttering words without thinking. 
"Yanyan, how can you talk to your dad like that?" Wang Zimei couldn’t bear to listen. 
"What, did I say something wrong? I’m the only one you can rely on, I’m the real gem you should be cherishing. But these days, all you’ve been thinking about is Xia Qiongqiong. You think I don’t know? Xia Qiongqiong, Xia Qiongqiong, what’s so great about her? No matter how much you dwell on it, she won’t show up in front of you, let alone acknowledge you. Get real!" 
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, we will continue tomorrow. Love you, please vote for the monthly ticket and recommendation ticket]
###Chapter 1071: Chapter 1071 Xia Wealth’s Stroke
Xia Wealth knew what his daughter said was true. Qiongqiong might never forgive them and would never return to this home.
He admitted that he once abandoned Qiongqiong and now deeply regretted it, but it was of no use. These words were mercilessly brought to light by his eldest daughter, and Xia Wealth couldn’t get over his pride, angrily shouting, “Shut up!”
“Will shutting up cover up the truth? Will my silence allow you to indulge in beautiful expectations, waiting for Xia Qiongqiong to come back and bring glory to the family? I’m telling you, it’s useless! She won’t come back! She might be Ye Xingguang; she despises you all, and she despises me too! She might not only be Ye Xingguang but also the queen of that high-tech underwater nation! Your daughter is a lofty queen, but she will never bring any glory to Xia’s Family with that identity! And you will never become a supreme emperor!”noveldrama
Xia Yanyan understood everything. She felt she had guessed almost correctly. Now that her brother didn’t pamper her, and her father even hit her, she was bitterly enduring, so she might as well make everyone equally upset!
After speaking, Xia Yanyan laughed loudly. Wang Zimei, however, cried, and Xia Wealth staggered back two steps, suddenly blacked out, unable to accept this reality, and fell to the ground.
Wang Zimei, unable to care about crying, was terrified, “Husband, husband, what’s wrong? Don’t scare me.”
Xia Yanyan couldn’t laugh anymore, frantically went to support Xia Wealth, “Dad, Dad…”
Wang Zimei was at her wit’s end, “Call an ambulance, quickly call an ambulance.”
Xia Yanyan dialed the number, and soon, the ambulance arrived.
Xia Yanyan and Wang Zimei followed the ambulance; at the hospital, they busied themselves back and forth. The doctor said that Xia Wealth might have had a stroke.
At that moment, Wang Zimei felt like the whole world had collapsed.
Wang Zimei’s emotional anchor was her son. She called Xia Ye Zhao at the hospital, hysterically crying, “Your dad fainted and was hospitalized, hurry to the hospital. Mom is very confused right now, Ye Zhao, your dad might have had a stroke…”
Xia Ye Zhao was utterly shocked.
“Ye Zhao, quickly come to the hospital.”
But Xia Ye Zhao was quarantined in Xia Corporation’s building and couldn’t leave. To prevent a larger-scale infection, the epidemic prevention department strictly prohibited anyone from leaving the building. Xia Ye Zhao was helpless, “Mom, I’ll call Uncle to come over.”
Wang Zimei seemed triggered, “Why call him? To watch your dad’s joke? Why don’t you come? We’ve raised you for over thirty years, and now you’re going to sever ties with us? Ye Zhao, you weren’t like this before, Mom only has one son.”
Xia Ye Zhao tried to calm Wang Zimei’s emotions, “Mom, I’m temporarily stuck in the company and can’t leave. Uncle and Dad are brothers; he won’t come to watch a joke. Please calm down first.”
“How to calm down, how do you expect me to calm down if your dad has a stroke? What will I do?” Wang Zimei felt like the sky was falling.
Thinking about why her son couldn’t come, Wang Zimei glared angrily at Xia Yanyan standing nearby, “It’s all your fault for stirring up these things, causing your dad to have a stroke, and now your brother can’t rush over. How could I have raised such an unfilial daughter?”
“Mom, can you calm down? I’ve already called Harry Perry! If there’s no big brother, you still have a son-in-law!”
Xia Yanyan felt regretful and remorseful in her heart. How she had lost control of her emotions, causing her father to have a stroke. She was now also panicked and scared, needing someone to lean on, and Harry Perry became her lifeline.
###Chapter 1072: Chapter 1072: Xia Yanyan Interrogated
But Harry Perry promised her over the phone that he would handle this matter, yet he didn’t come in person.
The online uproar was deafening, and Lawson Perry had confined Harry Perry at home, forbidding him from going to the hospital to witness the disaster.
Because…
Some reporters got wind that Xia Yanyan was in the hospital, and they were flocking to get there, wanting to interview about the Xia family cholera incident.
As expected, soon, the swarm of reporters blocked Xia Yanyan at the door of the ward, catching her off guard.noveldrama
“Miss Xia, is it true that you instructed your fans to poison your own company’s photography studio? Please explain why you did this. Is it because Miss Ye Xingguang became the new spokesperson for Xia Group, and you were dissatisfied?”
“Miss Xia, are you truly someone who is outwardly human but fangs beneath? Did you ever think about how many people would be harmed by releasing the cholera virus? If the epidemic spreads, how many families would be shattered? Please say a few words…”
“Miss Xia, you are a national treasure, representing not only your personal image but also the image of the country. Your current behavior has seriously tarnished the national image. How do you plan to apologize to the public, to the people who support and adore you, and to the country?”
“…”
Faced with the reporters’ questions, Xia Yanyan was overwhelmed, helplessly covering her face: “Stop filming! I said stop filming! This matter has nothing to do with me! Those videos are fake. Bodyguards! Bodyguards!”
The bodyguards wanted to step forward to rescue her, but the reporters clung to her like flies on rotting meat, how could they let Xia Yanyan escape easily?
Now online, people were already voluntarily organizing a petition, requesting the state to revoke Xia Yanyan’s status as a national treasure!
Such a national treasure only brings disgrace to the country.
“Get out, all of you get out, if you don’t, I’ll call the National Treasure Committee and have them arrest you all!”
At this moment, Chang Qinghua raised her microphone righteously: “Miss Xia, even though you are a national treasure and have the privilege to be pardoned even when committing a crime, the National Treasure Committee is not a safe haven for shielding you! Nor is it a tool for you to act recklessly as a murderer!”
“That’s right, Miss Xia, the National Treasure Committee is not a tool for condoning unrestrained soiling of the national image. You owe all the victims justice, and you owe the country justice, you owe all the people who support and adore you an apology!”
Xia Yanyan looked at the reporters who seemed like a flood of beasts, in the past, when reporters interviewed her, they would all fawn over her, but now there was nothing but contempt and disdain in their eyes, and such looks pushed Xia Yanyan’s mindset to collapse repeatedly.
She screamed angrily without any grace: “Get out! All of you get out!”
Her every word and action were captured by the reporters’ cameras, and the former elegance and nobility seemed shattered like glass.
Xia Changqiu and his daughter Xia Lin arrived.
Xia Changqiu hurried to check on Xia Wealth’s condition in the ward, while Xia Lin squeezed beside Xia Yanyan, trying to quell the mad crowd: “Sorry, media friends, my second uncle has just been declared to have had a stroke, so you can imagine how heavy-hearted my cousin is right now. Please forgive the emotional breakdown of a daughter who just learned her father has had a stroke.”
After she spoke, the hospital leaders and security also arrived, politely escorting the reporters out, saying that the hospital is a place for patients to rest and requires a quiet environment.
Xia Yanyan was pulled into the ward by Xia Lin, and she was not grateful, seeing the sarcasm in Xia Lin’s eyes, Xia Yanyan was provoked once again: “What are you here for, to laugh at me?”
###Chapter 1073: Chapter 1073: Image Will Be Ruined Instantly
Xia Lin was too lazy to deal with the "the world owes me" face at that moment: "You’re really ungrateful, no wonder you drove your father to have a stroke. Don’t forget, if I hadn’t arrived in time, your reputation would have been ruined immediately." 
"Isn’t my reputation already ruined? You’re here to mock me, laughing at me in your heart, aren’t you?" 
"At least you’re self-aware." 
Xia Lin had never liked Xia Yanyan’s arrogance, as if the entire world should worship her as a precious gem. 
By the hospital bed, Xia Changqiu watched Xia Wealth, who had suffered a stroke and was lying there, sighed. noveldrama
Because of the stroke, usually so concerned about his image, Xia Wealth now lay embarrassingly with his mouth twitching and drool running from the corner of his lips. It was pitiful to see. After all, he was still his own younger brother; even though Xia Changqiu was furious with his brother for secretly raising his own son, he couldn’t bring himself to completely sever ties with him. 
Xia Changqiu looked at Wang Zimei, whose eyes were red from crying: "What did the doctor say? Is there a chance for recovery?" 
Wang Zimei shook her head, at a loss: "The doctor said more observation is needed. Big brother, if Wealth stays like this, what should I do?" 
Xia Changqiu consoled Wang Zimei: "Take your time, he can recover. Trust in modern technology. Besides, you still have Yanyan and Ye Zhao. No one is going to abandon you, nor will anyone abandon our little brother." 
However, Xia Ye Zhao wasn’t really her own flesh and blood. 
Although Yanyan had always been her pride, now everyone was opposing Yanyan becoming a national treasure. Wang Zimei saw only darkness ahead, without a glimmer of hope in sight. Right, Qiongqiong, she still had one daughter everyone was looking forward to, Qiongqiong... 
Wang Zimei regretted it immensely. If she hadn’t abandoned Qiongqiong back then, how glorious their family would be now. 
Qiongqiong, where are you? Mom was wrong, please come back. 
Wang Zimei wiped her tears in her heart. 
... 
Ye Xingguang was fighting Yen’an for some hot pot, but a man with a black face kept staring at her eating as if she was putting poison in her mouth, ready to wreak havoc on her stomach at any moment. 
"I really only had a little." 
Ye Junqing didn’t say anything, but his face clearly showed: You are eating poison. 
Yan’an laughed heartily, "Xiao Jiu, why is your life so hard now? You can’t even eat freely. My Bai Xiao would never control me like this. You’re too pitiful. Here, take this slice of beef as a reward. Don’t you feel men can’t compare to your girlfriends?" 
Ye Xingguang glanced at Ye Junqing and cautiously put the beef in her mouth. Once she was sure that even though Big Tumor was displeased, he did not stop her, she began to eat heartily, afraid that she’d be ordered to spit it out halfway through a chew. 
This was definitely the most tragic hot pot meal she’d ever had. 
She decided to ignore Ye Junqing’s expression, pulled out her phone, and pretended the chilly atmosphere nearby didn’t exist while she ate. Unexpectedly, she stumbled upon news that Xia Wealth had been hospitalized with a stroke. 
Xia Wealth having a stroke was something Ye Xingguang never expected. 
Yen’an noticed she had suddenly gone quiet: "What news are you reading?" 
"Xia Wealth had a stroke." 
Even Ye Junqing hadn’t anticipated that Xia Wealth would have a stroke at this time. He asked Ye Xingguang for her phone to read the related news. 
The photos taken by reporters showed Xia Wealth lying helplessly on the hospital bed, unable to move due to the stroke, with a slight twitch at the mouth and drool dribbling down, a sight that was clearly genuine...
###Chapter 1074: Chapter 1074: Just Protecting My Daughter
Wang Zimei cried into the camera, “The doctor said my husband might not make it. I don’t know if his condition will worsen, but I know his only regret is that he hasn’t found Qiongqiong yet.”
Wang Zimei suddenly knelt in front of the camera, “It’s all our fault in the past. Qiongqiong, mom knows we were wrong, and dad knows too. Please come back to see him. I’m afraid… I’m afraid if you don’t come back, you won’t be able to see him again… After all, you are our biological daughter, I carried you for ten months and gave birth to you… we are blood relatives…”
Ye Xingguang couldn’t swallow the shrimp dumpling in her mouth, it was stuck in her throat.
Ye Junqing cut off the interview video and threw out three words, “No need to care, rain girl no melon.”
Ye Xingguang nodded, she didn’t want to go at all.
But listening to Wang Zimei’s tone, it seems that Xia Wealth’s situation is very dangerous. Thinking that Xia Wealth might pass away at any moment, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but feel conflicted. In the middle of the night, she often hated them to the point of wishing the whole family would die, but when death was imminent, she actually hoped he would live. Ye Xingguang felt that there was something wrong with her mind.noveldrama
She stopped thinking about this, focusing on eating hot pot.
Originally, Ye Junqing was strongly opposed to her eating hot pot, but surprisingly, he didn’t stop her this time.
Maybe it’s because Xia Wealth had a stroke, plus Wang Zimei’s genuine performance in front of the camera, it surprisingly drew sympathy from some people online. As time went on, calls for Xia Qiongqiong to visit Xia Wealth in the hospital grew louder.
Within two days, “Xia Qiongqiong, go to the hospital to see him” actually trended as a hot search…
Ye Xingguang self-isolated for two days and did not get sick, so she was released from medical observation.
“Thank heavens.” Bai Lanwu clasped her hands, thanking the heavens in her heart. She even cooked up a table full of delicious food for her daughter.
Song Chuanqi sat in the living room reading the newspaper.
The newspaper’s front page headline was about Xia Wealth’s stroke, with reporters possibly from the hospital detailing that Xia Wealth’s condition was critical, and he could pass away at any moment. Wang Zimei, in several interviews, expressed hope that Xia Qiongqiong would visit her biological father in the hospital.
In the past two days, many reporters have been camping outside the hospital, all waiting for Xia Qiongqiong to appear.
This is a moral test. Most of the public feels that Xia Qiongqiong should appear. Moreover, the public is curious about Xia Qiongqiong, hoping for a new national treasure to restore the country’s image after being thoroughly disappointed with Xia Yanyan.
“What do you think?” Seeing his daughter coming downstairs after a bath, Song Chuanqi handed her the newspaper.
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to see it, “I don’t want to go.”
Song Chuanqi said, “I know you don’t want to go, but if your biological father is truly critically ill and you don’t show up, you will face public condemnation in the future. The public is like this; no matter how unfairly you were treated before, you are father and daughter by blood. If he is critically ill and you don’t go, no one will stand by your side.”
Ye Xingguang was annoyed. Why should she consider the public’s opinion? No one stood up for her when she was suffering.
“Dad, do you think I’m cold-blooded? Are you disappointed in me?”
Song Chuanqi felt sorry for his daughter, “No.”
But Song Chuanqi advised her, “You should go, not as Xia Qiongqiong but as Ye Xingguang. Even if your identity is revealed in the future, you would have gone, and no one can use this to morally condemn you.”
All along, Song Chuanqi only wanted to protect his daughter, not only now but also her future, hoping that no one would stand on the moral high ground to condemn her in the future.
[An Ying: That’s all for today, we’ll continue updating tomorrow. Love you all, please vote for the monthly ticket, and recommend us]
###Chapter 1075: Chapter 1075: Xia’s Family Faces Turmoil Again 1
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to go at all. If others wanted to blame her, let them. She didn’t care, but she couldn’t ignore her father. Her father wanted her to go, and she couldn’t refuse. After struggling internally for a long time, she nodded, “Okay, I’ll visit him as Ye Xingguang, but I will never acknowledge myself as Xia Qiongqiong.”
Bai Lanwu had already prepared a delicious meal for her, “Xingguang, come eat, eat more to increase your resistance.”
Feeling this maternal love, Ye Xingguang went to the dining room to eat and sent a WeChat message to Ye Junqing, “Dad wants us to go to the hospital to see Xia Wealth, as Ye Xingguang.”
Ye Xingguang waited a long time before receiving Ye Junqing’s reply, “After work, I’ll come home to pick you up.”
“Okay, on your way home, just buy some supplements, nothing too expensive, around a hundred is enough.”
She felt that even supplements costing over a hundred were expensive and wished she could buy those costing only tens instead. Spending an extra penny made her feel pained.
After work, Ye Junqing personally came home to pick her up for the hospital. He not only carried two boxes of rather pricey supplements but also bought a bouquet of flowers. Ye Xingguang was responsible for holding the flowers and looked at the expensive supplements Ye Junqing was holding, dissatisfied, “Why did you buy such expensive ones? Didn’t I tell you that a hundred or so was enough?”
Ye Junqing helplessly put his arm around her, “The media would think I, Ye Junqing, am going bankrupt.”
Ye Xingguang remained indifferent. As soon as she stepped into the hospital, she felt unhappy.
Ye Junqing understood her feelings, “Just bear with it. We can stay in the ward for a maximum of five minutes before leaving. Even your brother would want you to go in and see that person. If you don’t go, your brother wouldn’t feel comfortable either.”
“Has my brother been released?”
“Yes. Just consider it as going to the hospital to visit your brother.”
The news that Xia Ye Zhao wasn’t infected was the best thing Ye Xingguang heard today. Alright, she’ll take it as visiting her brother in the hospital.
Unexpectedly, as soon as she stepped into the ward, she saw an unfamiliar mother and daughter tangled up in a fight with Wang Zimei and Xia Yanyan.
Xia Yanyan’s hair was being viciously pulled by a girl about thirteen or fourteen years old, while Wang Zimei was sitting on a woman who looked around thirty-seven or thirty-eight. Their fighting abilities seemed evenly matched, and Xia Ye Zhao stood to the side looking dumbfounded but helpless.
Ye Xingguang was stunned and walked up to Xia Ye Zhao, “Brother Xia, what’s going on?”
Xia Ye Zhao pressed his brow, completely uninterested in explaining.
Ye Junqing also walked over, placing his hand on Xia Ye Zhao’s shoulder, “Could this mother and daughter be your father’s woman and child from outside?”
Ye Junqing was just speaking whimsically, not expecting Xia Ye Zhao to remain silent, which evidently meant he acquiesced.
Who could have thought that Xia Wealth actually kept a woman outside? They heard that once Xia Wealth passed away, the mother and daughter had no one to depend on. So regardless of exposure, they barged into the hospital today to show filial piety to Xia Wealth.
Of course, the primary aim was to prove their identity, then get money.
If Xia Wealth passed away before they proved their identity, they definitely wouldn’t get a penny since there’s no way to conduct a paternity test, and fighting for the inheritance would be a fool’s dream.
Xia Yanyan was shrieking miserably as her half-sister yanked her hair, crying out to her brother for help…noveldrama
Xia Ye Zhao had no choice but to call in the bodyguards to separate the four. The mother and daughter were outnumbered and sat huddled in the ward wailing, demanding a paternity test to prove that the thirteen-year-old girl was Xia Wealth’s own flesh and blood.
###Chapter 1076: Chapter 1076: Xia’s Family Falls into Turmoil Again 2
The law stipulates that even an illegitimate daughter has inheritance rights. 
Wang Zimei glared at the mistress, "Don’t indulge in delusions! What kind of nobodies are coming over for a paternity test! My husband absolutely would not cheat on me! You just want to extort money, get out! Ye Zhao, kick them out!" noveldrama
Xia Ye Zhao indeed wanted to kick them out, but before he could act, another mother and daughter duo barged in, followed by several journalists with cameras. 
Xia Yanyan’s hair and clothes were disheveled, like a bird’s nest, from being pulled by a thirteen-year-old girl. Upon seeing journalists coming in with cameras, she immediately covered her face and lashed out at security, "Get them out! Kick them out!" 
The opponents came prepared; when the security tried to kick them out, they created a scene. The newly arrived mother looked about thirty-one or thirty-two, and her daughter seemed only seven or eight. This pair was no pushover either; sensing the tense situation, they began wailing simultaneously. 
The seven-year-old girl managed to break through the crowd, rushed to the bedside, and burst into tears, "Daddy, daddy..." 
Wang Zimei and Xia Yanyan were stunned. Another girl calling him daddy? 
Not just them, the first pair of mother and daughter were also shocked, as was Xia Ye Zhao, who hadn’t processed the fact that his father had affairs. 
"Well, your dad sure kept quite a few outside. Thankfully, he’s not your biological father," Ye Junqing’s words were of no comfort to Xia Ye Zhao, who now feared that even more might come forward claiming kinship. He suddenly felt uncertain about just how many secrets this comatose father on the bed had. 
"Shut up, you shut up! Who’s your daddy, stop shouting randomly!" Xia Yanyan was so angry she was seeing stars. 
Wang Zimei almost fainted several times; she never knew her husband kept mistresses outside... 
The room erupted into chaos again, with arguments. Ye Junqing pulled Ye Xingguang aside to avoid her getting caught in the potential brawl, "Let’s go, let’s wait outside." 
"Okay, Brother Xia, we came to visit today, we left the things here." 
As the journalists filmed the chaos in the hospital room, Ye Xingguang didn’t want to appear on camera, so she dragged Ye Junqing out, standing in the corridor without leaving. She was curious to find out just how many more secrets the rotten old man hiding could have, maybe even wait for the next mistress to appear. 
If Wang Zimei didn’t cry in front of the media every day about Xia Wealth possibly leaving forever, begging Xia Qiongqiong to come to the hospital quickly, maybe those mistresses wouldn’t have rushed here so eagerly... 
Almost forty minutes later, Ye Junqing saw a heavily pregnant woman approaching, and with keen insight, noted, "Looks like another one’s here..." 
Following Ye Junqing’s gaze, Ye Xingguang observed a pregnant woman searching aimlessly for the room and couldn’t help but say, "Don’t jinx it." 
"See for yourself," said Ye Junqing. 
The woman approached a nurse in the hallway, "Excuse me, which room is Xia Wealth staying in?" 
The nurse pointed her towards the front, and the pregnant woman said, "Thank you." 
Then... 
After the pregnant woman entered the room, Xia Yanyan’s scream echoed from inside... 
Ye Junqing raised his hand to cover Ye Xingguang’s ears and led her away from the hallway. 
After leaving the hospital and getting in the car, Ye Xingguang spent nearly twenty minutes cursing, "This scumbag, bastard, jerk," ending with, "Men are all no good!" 
The innocent Ye Junqing, "Honey, I’m good."
###Chapter 1077: Chapter 1077: Xia’s Family Faces Turmoil Again 3
Ye Xingguang ignored Ye Junqing, who was eagerly trying to explain his innocence. She was very angry now. Even though she didn’t want Wang Zimei and Xia Yanyan to have a good life, thinking about Xia Wealth having two daughters and an unborn child outside made her furious! 
She turned her head and asked Ye Junqing, "Why does he have so many women outside?" 
Ye Junqing did not answer her. Instead, Xiao Yun, sitting in the back, suddenly chimed in, "Maybe it’s to have a son." 
These words were like a revelation to Ye Xingguang. noveldrama
That’s right. Xia Wealth had no sons; even though he had an elder brother, that wasn’t his biological son, so he wanted a son! 
Unfortunately, after finding mistress after mistress, he only ended up with daughters! 
Ye Xingguang gritted her teeth in relief, "He’s just not destined to have a son! If he dies, he deserves it! I will no longer go to the hospital to see him! Unless it’s to attend his funeral! I will never admit that I am Xia Qiongqiong, even if he becomes a ghost, I won’t recognize him!" 
Ye Junqing unscrewed the cap of a bottle of drink and handed it to her to quench her thirst. 
Ye Xingguang drank half the bottle of the drink, felt unfair for Xia Ye Zhao, and took out her phone, saying, "I’m going to call my brother and tell him to leave that chaotic place too! What’s the point of filial piety to a father like that! My brother must be feeling heartbroken right now!" 
Ye Junqing took her phone away, "Your brother’s nature is just like that. Now that the family is in chaos, he can’t just ignore it. Don’t waste your energy. Call your sister-in-law, let her persuade your brother to leave, and tonight we’ll have dinner with your brother and sister-in-law." 
Ye Junqing felt sympathy for Xia Ye Zhao, so he wanted to ask him out for dinner. 
"Right, I’ll call Dr. Chang, but Dr. Chang may not be able to persuade my brother. I have an idea, we’ll kidnap Xiaoman and Dr. Chang! My brother will definitely be frantic, and we can leave clues for him to find us at the restaurant!" 
Kidnapping? 
Ye Junqing looked at his wife who was speaking wildly, but didn’t stop her. 
So, the two went to Xia Ye Zhao’s apartment outside, kidnapped Xiaoman and Dr. Chang, and then, in the tone of kidnappers, called Xia Ye Zhao. 
At that time, Xia Ye Zhao was in the hospital, the woman with a swollen belly was only twenty-seven, claiming that she was carrying a boy, also Xia Wealth’s seed... 
The ward was in chaos; it was probably the most chaotic day for Xia’s Family. Wang Zimei and Xia Yanyan were relying entirely on Xia Ye Zhao to resolve it. 
At this moment, Xia Ye Zhao received a call; Chang Danran and Xiaoman had been kidnapped! 
"What do you want to do?" asked Xia Ye Zhao, his face as cold as water, after receiving the call. 
Whatever was said on the phone made Xia Ye Zhao frantic and he strode out. 
"Brother, where are you going?" Xia Yanyan chased after him. 
"Xiaoman and your sister-in-law have been kidnapped. I have to go..." 
Before Xia Ye Zhao could finish his sentence, Xia Yanyan jumped up, "The house is already such a mess, a bunch of trash bringing kids to fight for the family property, and you’re still in the mood to care about them. Brother, don’t go; chase those people out!" 
The issues here couldn’t be resolved immediately. Those two children were the father’s own flesh and blood, and they wanted to be filial, so he had no right to drive them away. Now things were really difficult. 
He had already asked his father’s secretary, who admitted that his father had kept several women outside hoping to have a son. But since they were all daughters, the father was disappointed, so he neglected them but would still provide alimony every month. 
The pregnant young girl was now regarded as a treasure in the father’s eyes because it was said that it might be a boy...
###Chapter 1078: Chapter 1078: Xia’s Family Falls into Turmoil Again 4
How could Xia Ye Zhao not feel chilled?
“You stay here to take care of Mom and Dad, I’ll go save your sister-in-law and Xiaoman.”
Xia Yanyan pulled at Xia Ye Zhao, not letting him go: “Brother, am I and Mom not as important as that woman and Xiaoman in your heart?”
“Everyone is important, but there are priorities.”
Xia Ye Zhao forcefully pried Xia Yanyan’s hand away. He was worried about his wife and child; the kidnappers were ruthless killers.
Xia Ye Zhao left and, following the kidnappers’ instructions, took the money to ransom them.
Driving to the designated location, he found it was a serene restaurant, feeling something was off.
He had the bodyguards all wait outside the restaurant and ventured alone into the lion’s den, entering the designated private room. As he pushed open the door, he heard lively chatter from inside, where Chang Danran and Xiaoman were sitting at the table eating barbecue, in a room full of steam, with no kidnappers.
“What’s going on?” Xia Ye Zhao had a premonition that he had been tricked.
He glared at Ye Junqing: “Was this your doing?”
“It was me, I wanted to invite you out for a meal and was afraid you wouldn’t want to leave the hospital, so I came up with a lousy idea, this has nothing to do with my family’s big troublemaker. If you’re angry, just blame me.” Ye Xingguang voluntarily confessed.
Faced with his candid sister, Xia Ye Zhao was both annoyed and helpless, his voice slightly stern: “Stop fooling around, don’t do this again.”
Ye Xingguang immediately pointed to an empty seat: “Brother, sit down. You’ve been quarantined in the Xia Corporation building these days and haven’t eaten well, have you? You look thinner, sister-in-law would be heartbroken, and Xiaoman misses Dad too. Let’s sit down and have a hearty meal first, and we’ll think about how to deal with those messy things afterwards.”
Chang Danran looked at Xia Ye Zhao with sympathy. She had already heard about the hospital situation from Ye Xingguang: “Sit down and eat something, your sister is right, you’ll only have the energy to solve problems when you’re full.”
Ye Junqing didn’t speak throughout, simply opened a bottle of alcohol and poured him a glass of beer.
After Xia Ye Zhao sat down, he picked up the glass and drank it all in one go, genuinely annoyed in his heart, but seeing his family gathered around the table, he didn’t want to show too much.
Xiaoman jumped down from his seat and squeezed in next to him: “Dad, Mom and I love you, forever love you.”
Hearing this, Xia Ye Zhao felt warmth in his heart, lifted Xiaoman up, placed him on his lap, and ruffled his hair: “Dad knows.”
Ye Junqing poured another glass of wine for his brother-in-law: “To be blunt, these things are beyond your control anyway. They’re all Xia Wealth’s blood kin, what can you do? They’re just here to fight for the assets Xia Wealth holds. Luckily, Xia Wealth’s shares in the Xia Corporation aren’t more than yours, not enough to affect your absolute control over the Xia Corporation. It shows how shrewd your grandfather was. When he passed away, he left most of his estate to you, and all the shares held by his three sons together aren’t as much as yours alone.”noveldrama
At this moment, Xia Ye Zhao was not in the mood to hear this.
Ye Junqing added: “It’s also lucky that our little fish tail is smart and never acknowledged her ancestry, otherwise I can’t imagine how many more sisters-in-law I’d have by now.”
Ye Xingguang shuddered at hearing this: “I will never acknowledge them!”
Ye Junqing hugged her: “Blood relations can’t be severed easily. Even if you don’t acknowledge them, if they insist on it, there’s nothing you can do. Half-siblings or not, in their eyes, you’re their sister, and the outside world will see it that way too.”
Ye Xingguang felt a lingering fear; fortunately, she never admitted being Xia Qiongqiong. If she has another identity, it is as the Queen of the Undersea Empire, Muya Jiushu!
However, Xia Yanyan wouldn’t be so lucky…
[An Ying: This is the update for today, more coming tomorrow, kisses. If you have monthly tickets at the beginning of the month, please give them to me. In ten days, I’ll post a 50,000-word update for everyone, asking for monthly tickets~~]
###Chapter 1079: Chapter 1079 Xia Yanyan Wants to Buy Regret Medicine 1
Xia Ye Zhao knew that Ye Junqing was worried, so he promised Ye Junqing, "Don’t worry, I won’t drag my little sister into this mess." 
Ye Junqing didn’t hold much hope for Xia Ye Zhao’s promise. When Wang Zimei forced Little Fish Tail to reveal herself in front of the media, Xia Ye Zhao didn’t step in to stop his mother. Considering his brother-in-law’s filial piety, Ye Junqing didn’t want to push him either: "As long as you don’t reveal her identity, that’s all I ask. I’ll take care of my own woman." 
Xia Ye Zhao gave a bitter smile. 
Talking about this ruins the appetite, so Ye Xingguang changed the subject: "Bro, are we still shooting the print ad?" 
"You still want to shoot?" Ye Junqing looked down, warning Ye Xingguang. 
"Xia Yanyan poisoned the water just so I wouldn’t shoot the print ad, right? Why should I do what she wants? I will shoot it." 
The process for the print ad couldn’t be delayed, so Xia Ye Zhao said, "This time, I’ll make sure to have adequate protection." 
"I don’t trust you!" 
Ye Junqing wouldn’t let her go to Xia Group again: "You can shoot if you want, I’ll rent a venue to you, but don’t even think about getting a discount on the rent. As a friend, the best I can do is give you a 10% discount." 
That Xia Group studio definitely can’t be used, and he didn’t want his sister to have another accident: "Fine, I’ll pay the full rent." 
Ye Junqing was satisfied and called Lin Hanfeng after a few bites of grilled meat, asking for a venue, a photographer, and a studio. He wanted to take wedding photos, and while doing that, he could also rent the place to Xia Ye Zhao for the print ad shoot, killing two birds with one stone and even making some profit. 
Lin Hanfeng replied: "OK, no problem, I’ll arrange for the world’s best photographer for you the day after tomorrow to take your wedding photos." 
Lin Hanfeng had everything prepared long ago, just waiting for Ye Junqing’s call. 
Saying they’d shoot wedding photos the day after tomorrow, Lin Hanfeng indeed invited the famous wedding photographer Dai Zhe. Dai Zhe is an internationally renowned photographer, someone many want to book but can’t. His schedule is booked from this year to next, but Lin Hanfeng has the ability to get him on short notice. 
Ye Xingguang, however, wasn’t prepared at all. She just thought they were going for the print ad shoot. 
Ye Junqing offered to take her to the shoot location, but she waved him off: "No need, I’m not a three-year-old. You should go to work." 
"To me, you’re even younger than three," Ye Junqing insisted on taking her. 
Ye Xingguang: "..." 
She’s able to fight and withstand, not even a dozen bodyguards could beat her. What three-year-old can do that? 
But her husband insisted on taking her, so she accepted this gesture. 
Sitting in the car, feeling bored, she opened her Weibo account. 
It wasn’t the "Carp Girl" account, but the "Grandpa Sells Regret Pills" account. She was browsing through private messages to see who needed redemption, looking for someone who caught her eye... 
She went through dozens of messages but couldn’t find anyone that caught her eye, though she did find one that seemed intriguing. 
The Weibo user was called "Prima Donna," and she saw it was a newly registered account. 
Prima Donna: "I heard you sell regret pills? Can you really change things that cause remorse and regret?" 
Prima Donna: "My dad had a stroke, and it was because of me. If regret pills exist, I would buy them no matter the cost. Had I known he would have a stroke, I would never have provoked him." 
Prima Donna: "Name your price, as long as it can prevent my dad’s stroke." 
... 
She wasn’t sure if her intuition was too strong, but with so many people having strokes around the world every day, this "Prima Donna" might not be who she was thinking of. 
She replied to the private message. noveldrama
Grandpa Sells Regret Pills: "You want to buy a regret pill to save your dad?" 
Prima Donna replied instantly: "Do you have any?"
###Chapter 1080: Chapter 1080 Xia Yanyan Wants to Buy Regret Medicine 2
The Specialist in Regret Potions: "Of course, but if you want a regret potion, you’d have to pay the corresponding price." 
The Proud Daughter: "Whatever it costs, I’m willing to pay." 
The Specialist in Regret Potions: "The price I’m talking about isn’t money, but the most important thing in your life. For example, are you willing to trade ten years of your life for your father’s awakening? Or, would you exchange your survival skills for your father’s awakening? What talents do you have?" 
The Proud Daughter: "Singing." 
The Specialist in Regret Potions: "I want your voice. Exchange your singing talent for your father’s awakening. From now on, you will no longer have the gift of singing. You will become tone-deaf, but your father will awaken and be healthy. Are you willing?" 
The Proud Daughter was silent for a long time. 
The car stopped in front of a photography studio owned by Lin’s Group. As the car door opened, before Ye Xingguang got out, someone warmly greeted, "My little rhyming fate, do you remember your Brother Lin?" 
"Fate Brother?" 
Ye Xingguang got out of the car to see Lin Hanfeng with a beaming face. "What are you doing here?" 
Lin Hanfeng wanted to give her a big hug, but unfortunately, he was blocked by the tall figure of Ye Junqing getting out of the car. Ye Junqing held Ye Xingguang and gave Lin Hanfeng a cold look, "If you want to die, just say so." 
Ye Xingguang peeked out from Ye Junqing’s embrace and smiled at Lin Hanfeng, "Fate Brother, have you found someone yet?" 
"Not yet." 
Ye Xingguang drove the knife deeper, "You better hurry, my kid is about to be born." 
Lin Hanfeng was all smiles just a second ago, and the next second: "!!!" 
Hell, this venomous couple, truly, one takes after the other in close proximity! 
At this moment, her Weibo chimed with a notification. 
The Proud Daughter: "If you don’t want money, otherwise is fine. I can give you power, fame, anything you want..." 
It seemed like the Proud Daughter’s desire to save her father wasn’t that strong, so Ye Xingguang ignored her. 
After entering the photography studio, Ye Xingguang was invited to the dressing room for makeup. As she sat in front of the makeup table, she was bombarded with private messages from the Proud Daughter. 
The Proud Daughter: "Give me a regret potion, you definitely won’t regret it." 
The Proud Daughter: "I’ll give you whatever you want, except my voice. I can give you anything that’s not part of me." 
The Proud Daughter: "..." 
Annoyed by the noise, Ye Xingguang replied, "Your real name?" 
The Proud Daughter went silent again. 
The Specialist in Regret Potions: "If you’re not even willing to disclose your real name, I can’t believe your sincerity." 
The Proud Daughter said nothing more. 
Ha... 
Ye Xingguang put the phone away, and after nearly an hour and a half of makeup, she looked up at the reflection in the mirror. Who’s this Heavenly Immortal in the mirror? 
Her features were already stunning without makeup, now after the makeup artist’s work, she was utterly captivated by her own reflection! noveldrama
"Miss Ye, please come this way to change clothes." 
"Oh, alright." 
She followed the staff to the dressing room. On the rack pushed by the staff was a fairy-like wedding dress. 
Ye Xingguang was stunned, "Why is it a wedding dress?" 
The staff was puzzled by the question, "For a wedding photo shoot, don’t we need to wear a wedding dress?" 
"Wedding photo shoot? Have you got it wrong? I’m not here for a wedding photo shoot; I’m here to shoot a print advertisement." 
"No mistake, Miss Ye. Mr. Lin repeatedly instructed to ensure you be the most beautiful bride captured by the camera."
###Chapter 1081: Chapter 1081 Xia Yanyan Wants to Buy Regret Medicine 3
Ye Xingguang looked at the captivating white wedding dress in front of her: “Wait a moment, I’ll go ask, there must’ve been a mistake.”
She turned around to find Ye Junqing, and when she found him, he had already changed into a white suit, his hair styled, handsome beyond compare, with perfect proportions, looking every bit like the ideal groom.
The words she wanted to say got stuck in her throat, and she suddenly burst into laughter.
“What are you laughing at?” Ye Junqing felt uneasy being laughed at.
Ye Xingguang placed her hands behind her back, feeling a bit shy yet happy: “You’re going to take wedding photos with me, why didn’t you tell me in advance? No wonder you sent me here, you rascal.”
Ye Junqing also laughed and held her in his arms: “If a man isn’t bad, women won’t love him.”
Ye Xingguang poked his chest hard: “I don’t love bad men. If you’re not good to me, I’ll kick you out in no time.”
Those words made Ye Junqing recall the memory he regained after Mr. Nan’s second treatment.
That day, when he sent her back to school, he not only kissed her but also saw her shy smile as she turned back after getting out of the car: “You’re really a rascal. I’m not talking to you, I’m going back to school, bye-bye.”
He sat in the driver’s seat, rolled down the window, and in a playful voice said: “If a man isn’t bad, women won’t love him.”
She fled five meters away and sent him a WeChat message: “I don’t love bad men. If you’re not good to me, I’ll kick you out in no time.”
He took the opportunity to ask: “So, does that mean you’re my girlfriend now?”
She replied: “Who said that? I didn’t agree.”
He replied instantly: “If you’re not my girlfriend, how can you kick me out?”
She didn’t reply again, so he called her, watching her silhouette gradually fade away, solemnly asking her: “Xingguang, from this moment, will you be my woman, hmm?”
She answered the phone, but stayed silent.
Unwilling to accept her silence, he asked: “Are you agreeing or not? If you don’t agree, I’ll just take you by force.”
She asked: “How will you take me by force?”
He said: “I’ll post on the school’s internal network announcing that Ye Xingguang is officially taken.”
She laughed lightly: “Let me think about it, okay?”
He said: “Alright, I’ll give you a minute to think.”
She protested: “How is one minute enough?”
He didn’t care: “I’ll give you at most one minute and one second. I’ll count to 61. If you don’t agree, I’ll announce to the world that I took a female student from K University, and from now on, she’s Ye Junqing’s woman.”
“You’re crazy.” She laughed into the phone.
Watching her disappear around the corner of a road, unable to see her playful silhouette anymore, he couldn’t help but turn off the engine, got out of the car, and walked after her while counting. When he counted to 61, he heard her say: “Unless you’re standing in front of me right now, I will agree… Ah…”noveldrama
It was already late, and suddenly she was hugged from behind, startled into a scream.
“It’s me, your boyfriend.” He turned her around and bowed his head apologetically: “Did I scare you, sweetheart?”
She was indeed startled and ungraciously kicked him: “How can you do this?”
He didn’t dodge, leaned down, cradled the back of her head, and kissed her deeply…
Ye Xingguang saw the man in the groom’s suit, with a meaningful smile at the corner of his mouth, and curiously tilted her head up: “What are you thinking about, smiling so flirtatiously?”
Ye Junqing leaned down, cradled the back of her head, and kissed her deeply, whispering in her ear: “Hurry and change into the wedding dress, I want to see you in it.”
###Chapter 1082: Chapter 1082 Xia Yanyan Wants to Buy Regret Medicine 4
"Got it." Ye Xingguang happily went to change into her bridal dress, her little mood soaring. 
Ye Junqing sat patiently on the sofa outside the changing room, unable to resist reminiscing about their moments together in the real world. 
That night, she was so flustered by his words that she surrendered and agreed to be his girlfriend. 
After taking her back to the dormitory, he drove around the streets, having just gotten a girlfriend, his mind began planning the wedding. noveldrama
He passed by a bridal shop. 
He parked the car in front of the bridal shop, sat inside the car staring at the wedding dresses in the display window that girls loved, took a photo, and sent it to her, asking if she liked it. 
The little mermaid tail seemed a bit confused by his fast pace and didn’t dare to reply, only sending an emoji showing her sitting at the dorm desk reading. 
She was about to face her final exams and needed to focus entirely on preparation... 
Originally planning to take her out to play whenever she didn’t have classes, he had to cancel all those plans and go to her school library after work every day to study with her. 
Seats in the library’s study room were limited, especially during the final exam period; it was difficult to snag a spot. So he dispatched bodyguards early in the morning to secure seats so that after he got off work, he could sit next to her and pass the time. 
During those days, while she was studying for exams, he would work on his laptop next to her. 
When friends called him out for a get-together, he ignored them and turned down all invitations, even posting on social media: In a relationship, do not disturb. 
Ye Xingguang came out of the changing room in her bridal gown, the long skirt train made her look like a heavenly immortal. 
Lin Hanfeng walked over, clapping three times: "Oh my, the little fate in my Chinese characters, you’re too ethereal, how about this wedding dress, I have to rave about it! From now on, buying wedding dresses means buying the Lin’s Bridal, no losses, no deceptions, look at our mermaid girl, what are you waiting for, buy it!" 
Lin Hanfeng was recording a short video with his phone, promoting his own wedding photography business, practically a live-streaming king! 
Night Junqing, sitting on the sofa, directly shooed Lin Hanfeng out, then pulled his little mermaid into the studio for a photoshoot. 
Photographer Dai Zhe instructed them on poses, and they posed accordingly. 
The great photographer Dai Zhe loved capturing natural moments, after some posed shots, he let them relax, posing however they wanted without worrying about the photographer, as if no one else was there, and then snapped away. 
Lin Hanfeng sneaked back in, hiding in the corner, taking candid shots of the two, and posted on Weibo again: "Mermaid girl and Night’s big trouble’s bridal photos, famous photographer Dai Zhe on the scene, Lin’s Wedding Celebrations, something you deserve!" 
The behind-the-scenes look at the bridal photoshoot sparked heated discussions online, in two words: so envious! 
Tang Zhou, lounging with his legs crossed in the chairman’s office of Junxing’s Weibo, saw Lin Hanfeng’s post. 
Leng Chenmo was handling business affairs for him, engrossed in reading documents, when Tang Zhou pushed his phone in front of him: "Damn, my brother secretly shot bridal photos! We arranged our engagements together, and they didn’t include us in the bridal photoshoot, it’s too much!" 
Leng Chenmo looked up: "Do you want to wear a wedding dress?" 
"I... of course... don’t want to! Wearing a wedding dress is so weird!" Tang Zhou’s face turned red! 
The last time he pretended to be Xiao Xingguang and cross-dressed, the photos were still a screensaver on his subordinate’s phone; every time he saw his cross-dressed heavenly immortal look, Tang Zhou felt both embarrassed and proud. 
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, see you tomorrow, kisses, please vote for monthly tickets and recommendation tickets]
###Chapter 1083: Chapter 1083 Xia Yanyan Publicly Apologizes 1
He thought it over and figured it was worth a try.
Tang Zhou plopped onto the office desk, leaning over: “Do you think it would be weird if I wore a wedding dress?”
“Not at all.” Leng Chenmo was quite looking forward to it.
Tang Zhou’s confidence surged: “Not weird? Why?”
Leng Chenmo said, “You’re a girl after all, it’s not weird for you to wear a suit, so how would a wedding dress be weird?”
Sounded so reasonable, Tang Zhou almost believed it.
“Let me think about it some more, I need to go take a leak.” Saying it as if he were a dog.
Tang Zhou fled in panic, standing at the office door, leaning against the wall to secretly call Lin Hanfeng: “Hey, Mr. Lin? What’s the price for your wedding photos? … Who am I? You don’t even know who I am? … I’m Tang Zhou! Qing Ge’s brother!”
Clients come like a tornado…
Lin Hanfeng immediately stepped out of the studio, speaking eloquently, offering Tang Zhou an outrageous price.
The indoor wedding photo shoot lasted nearly three hours, Ye Xingguang was exhausted, sat nearby resting, drinking water, eating something, and casually checking her phone to see if Tian Zhi Jiaon had revealed her real name.
Saw that Tian Zhi Jiaon had sent a private message again half an hour ago.
Tian Zhi Jiaon: “I know you have a regret remedy that can change fate, a friend of mine bought your regret remedy, just half of the family fortune will do, I’m willing to give you half, you give me one regret remedy, how about it?”
Grandpa Sells Regret Remedies: “I sell remedies based on affinity and whether I think you’re worth helping. If you can’t even reveal your real name, you can’t be my client, especially since you don’t even want to sacrifice what’s most important to you, yet you want to save your father’s life. I see no sincerity in you. The regret remedies I sell are only for those willing to sacrifice everything for a rebirth, but you? Don’t qualify.”
Tian Zhi Jiaon: “I’m Xia Yanyan!”
Actually, Xia Yanyan didn’t want to buy the regret remedy to save her father; she wanted it to stop herself from poisoning Ye Xingguang. If it weren’t for the poisoning, she wouldn’t be publicly despised; she’s digging her own grave.
Xia Yanyan was filled with regret; if she hadn’t used the poison, she wouldn’t have fought with her father.
If she hadn’t fought with her father, he wouldn’t have had a stroke.
If he hadn’t had a stroke, there wouldn’t be so many hangers-on claiming to be relatives!
She really needed a regret remedy to get out of the current mess.
Grandpa Sells Regret Remedies: “Who is Xia Yanyan?”
Tian Zhi Jiaon was annoyed: “You don’t even know who Xia Yanyan is? I’m a national treasure.”
Grandpa Sells Regret Remedies: “Oh, you’re that infamous national treasure Xia Yanyan?”
Tian Zhi Jiaon: !!!
Tian Zhi Jiaon: “Now can you sell me the regret remedy?”
Grandpa Sells Regret Remedies: “Of course, I can.”
Ye Xingguang found the link to the regret remedy candy and sent it over.
A minute later, Tian Zhi Jiaon: “You’re messing with me? Do you dare mess with me?”
Grandpa Sells Regret Remedies: “I already sent you the link, how am I messing with you?”
Tian Zhi Jiaon: “You know who I’m talking about! I’ll find out who you are in no time. Are you sure you want to be my enemy?”
Ye Xingguang directly blocked Tian Zhi Jiaon, investigate then, I’m not afraid of you!
Her Weibo account was registered with Grandpa Zhuo’s ID. With Grandpa Zhuo’s status in the capital, who would dare provoke him if they don’t want to die?
After logging out of “Grandpa Sells Regret Remedies” on Weibo, Ye Xingguang logged in with “Carp Girl” account, and her world was instantly peaceful.
She tossed her phone aside and continued with the wedding photo shoot.
On the other side, Xia Yanyan was so furious she almost smashed her phone.noveldrama
###Chapter 1084: Chapter 1084 Xia Yanyan Publicly Apologizes 2
She must find out who this "Regret Medicine Dealer" is, she must find out, and then get the regret medicine to change the current predicament, otherwise what can she do? Her father is critically ill, a group of women are coming to fight her for the family inheritance, and she’s disgraced... 
Why has the world turned upside down in just a few days? 
Damn Ye Xingguang, still flaunting her wedding photos on Weibo! 
Everyone is against her, the whole world is against her! 
Xia Yanyan is furious, screaming, she sees her own tattoo at home and wishes she could scratch her own face! 
But after twenty minutes of rage, she calms down, earnestly does her makeup, dresses up, and puts on her most appropriate clothes, carrying her bag as she leaves. She’s going to the Perrys, her brother is right, at this moment, she can’t lose this advantageous marriage. 
As long as she holds onto Harry Perry, Harry can definitely help her find this "Regret Medicine Dealer" and solve all her current troubles. noveldrama
Today is Harry Perry’s mother’s sixtieth birthday, as the soon-to-be daughter-in-law of the Perrys, she must not be absent. 
In the evening, the Perrys host a birthday banquet at a famous hotel in the capital, many celebrities from the capital grace the occasion, even Bai Peiluan comes along with Ye Baixiu to offer congratulations. 
After spending half the day shooting wedding photos and another half shooting print ads, Ye Xingguang is dead tired, but Ye Junqing too receives an invitation from the Perrys, so she has no choice but to dress up grandly to honor the Perrys. 
As Ye Junqing’s wife, she has never attended any banquet with him before, this is the first time. However, she isn’t nervous, accompanying Ye Junqing in the banquet hall, meeting some newcomers in the social circle. 
"Miss Ye! I know you! Your brilliance on the golf course last time is still talked about with great relish in the circle, when you have time, how about we play golf together?" 
"You are?" 
"You don’t recognize me? I was in the finals with you last time, just didn’t place in the end, my surname is Yang, you can call me Yang Haiyang. I usually like playing golf, but compared to you, I’m completely outclassed." 
Yang Haiyang wants to hand Ye Xingguang a business card, exchange WeChat numbers, but is blocked by Ye Junqing who raises his hand: "Sorry, a friend has arrived, we need to go over, you two chat." 
Unwilling, Yang Haiyang says, "Miss Ye, let’s get in touch later!" 
Ye Xingguang holds Yang Haiyang’s business card, about to see who he is, but the card gets snatched away by Ye Junqing: "What’s there to see, no man in the entire capital can compare to me." 
Ye Xingguang smiles sweetly: "Are you jealous?" 
"Attracting bees and butterflies everywhere." 
"Isn’t this a term used to describe men being restless?" 
Ye Junqing looks down, seriously at her: "Talking about you." 
Ye Xingguang: "..." 
Isn’t she too innocent for this? 
She’s decided, she’ll be a quiet, beautiful, mature woman all night, not talking to any other men, to avoid having her vinegar pot of a husband give her a hard time, not her fault, okay, it wasn’t like she initiated talking to others. 
Just as she thinks this, Han Chengbei rushes over, with a playful voice that’s audible from afar: "My darling, I knew you would come tonight, I had Brother Lu send an invitation to Ye Junqing, just to catch up with you." 
Ye Xingguang: "..." 
Please don’t come over, my big green-eyed monster is already resenting me for attracting bees and butterflies, I get blamed even when I’m doing nothing. 
But unfortunately, Han Chengbei understanding Ye Junqing’s jealousy is too much to ask.
###Chapter 1085: Chapter 1085: Xia Yanyan Apologizes Publicly 3
Han Chengbei leaned close to Ye Xingguang’s ear, not forgetting to push Ye Junqing aside: "We’re going to whisper, you stand over there." 
Ye Junqing reached out and grabbed Han Chengbei’s shoulder, wishing he could dislocate his jaw on the spot. 
Han Chengbei seemed to chat about what Ye Junqing wanted to do: "If you dare, your parents are here, be careful or I’ll run over to complain. Guests are flocking in tonight, try to touch me." 
"Han Chengbei, if you dare get close to my wife again, I’ll make sure you can’t go home tonight!" Ye Junqing was definitely not joking. 
Ye Xingguang smiled, giving Ye Junqing a reassuring look: "I want to hear what kind of secret talk it is." 
Ye Junqing: "!!!" 
Han Chengbei instantly took the upper hand, so smug he could wag his tail. He whispered to Ye Xingguang: "My brother, Harry, specifically invited you over tonight because Xia Yanyan needs to apologize in front of all these guests about poisoning you in the swimming pool at the Xia’s studio a few days ago." noveldrama
"Apologize? She wouldn’t have the face for that." 
Han Chengbei chuckled: "Ha, it’s been a huge mess outside. If her dad hadn’t suddenly had a stroke, who knows how many people would’ve protested against Xia Yanyan’s malicious actions. This matter won’t settle down without an apology. My brother Harry understands this very well. This time, Xia Yanyan has no choice but to apologize." 
At this moment, Xia Yanyan was not in the banquet hall, but in the lounge next to it, where Harry Perry was discussing the matter with her. 
Xia Yanyan: "What are you saying? You want me to apologize to Ye Xingguang in front of everyone tonight? Why should I apologize to her? If I apologize, where will my dignity go? Harry Perry, you are my fiancé, not Ye Xingguang’s fiancé, and you want me to apologize because of her?" 
Harry Perry, with a good temper, replied: "You poisoned her, and the process was caught on camera. If you don’t apologize, do you think things will end well for you?" 
Harry Perry was unsure whether to call her stupid or poisonous. This incident had caused such an uproar and had even tainted the Perry’s reputation. Today, he also found out his father had mistresses and multiple illegitimate daughters outside. Harry Perry felt he had terrible luck to end up with such a father-in-law! 
Harry Perry’s face was extremely gloomy: "Xia Yanyan, don’t you realize where you went wrong? How could I have such a malicious fiancée like you?" 
Xia Yanyan was instantly silent. 
After a while, she tugged at Harry Perry’s arm: "Han Sen, I’m not like this by nature; you know I’ve always been oppressed by Ye Xingguang recently. I just lost my temper. In reality, I’ve regretted it immensely, wishing I could find some cure for regret and confess my sins." 
Seeing Harry Perry’s somber aura without making a statement, Xia Yanyan let two lines of tears fall: "I was really just out of my mind, so angry that I lost sense when I did it, Han Sen, believe me, you know I usually... I often do charity, bring supplies to orphans, and do free endorsements for charities; you can’t deny who I am because of one mistake." 
Harry Perry, with a stern face: "Since you know you were wrong and have sincerely repented, then apologize earnestly to Ye Xingguang in front of everyone, so they know your attitude of admitting fault." 
Xia Yanyan opened her mouth again, but Harry Perry unceremoniously stopped her: "My brother has ordered you to apologize tonight. Otherwise, the Perrys will call off the engagement. You know, even I usually don’t dare to defy my brother’s orders. He’s doing it for your good. If you don’t want to lose the national treasure’s status, then behave well."
###Chapter 1086: Chapter 1086 Xia Yanyan Publicly Apologizes 4
Xia Yanyan bit her lip. She knew that Lawson Perry was the most powerful in the Perry family, and even Harry Perry was like a mouse meeting a cat in front of him.
Harry Perry was afraid her temper would flare up and cause a scene: “With your current reputation, the Perrys can call off the engagement at any time. Even if I want to marry you, if my brother disagrees, you won’t be able to enter the Perry’s door.”
Xia Yanyan clenched her five fingers until they turned pale from the tension.
Harry Perry softened his tone, soothing her: “It’s just an apology, and I’ll make sure to compensate you properly later.”
Xia Yanyan said: “I want to investigate this person. If you help me investigate this person, I will apologize to Ye Xingguang.”
Xia Yanyan handed her phone to Harry Perry. He saw on her phone screen a Weibo page named “Regret Medicine Sold by the Master”.
Harry Perry was curious: “How did this person provoke you?”
Xia Yanyan didn’t tell the truth: “She’s just a scammer; many people have been deceived by her. You can see it from the comments on her Weibo. A friend of mine got scammed by her, and we want to find her to stop her from deceiving others. Help me find her.”noveldrama
Such a small matter, Harry Perry said: “Alright.”
“Tell me before the party ends.”
Harry Perry agreed readily, holding her in his arms: “Okay, I promise you. You’ll have to endure some grievances tonight. How’s your dad doing now? I was out of town on business a few days ago and couldn’t make it. Tomorrow, I’ll accompany you to the hospital to visit your father.”
Xia Yanyan suppressed the anger in her heart but couldn’t show it outwardly. She could only comfort herself inwardly, thinking once she got the regret medicine, everything would reset, and tonight’s apology would no longer exist.
She treated this apology as nothing but a nightmare, and nightmares eventually come to an end.
Harry Perry took Xia Yanyan out to congratulate Mrs. Perry.
Mrs. Perry saw Xia Yanyan and didn’t look pleased. Ever since her son got engaged to Xia Yanyan, the Xia family had been repeatedly embroiled in negative news, making Mrs. Perry feel embarrassed because she thought bringing a national treasure into the family would enhance their status, but instead, it brought disgrace.
Xia Yanyan had no choice but to smile and please, saying: “Mom, I wish you good health.”
Harry Perry held Xia Yanyan and said: “Mom, Yanyan has prepared your birthday gift for many days. Recently, her father-in-law has been seriously ill and hospitalized, so Yanyan has been taking care of him at the hospital day and night, but she still managed to come for your birthday banquet in time…”
“Alright, don’t speak up for her. Do I need others to tell me the affairs of the Xia family? People say to marry a virtuous wife, but I don’t see how your fiancée is virtuous. If she can do something like planting chaos in her own family’s corporation, would I dare to drink the water at home if she joins our Perry family in the future?”
Xia Yanyan’s face turned pale instantly.
Harry Perry said helplessly: “Yanyan already knows she was wrong. She was just momentarily confused.”
Mrs. Perry didn’t agree: “If she knew she was wrong, why hasn’t she made any public statement these days?”
“Father-in-law is ill, so Yanyan couldn’t manage. She just told me that she wanted to use your birthday banquet to address this issue publicly, right, Yanyan?” Harry Perry signaled Xia Yanyan with his eyes.
Xia Yanyan held back her grievances and nodded: “Mom, I was really just momentarily confused. If it weren’t for my father’s sudden illness, I would have made a public statement long ago. Tonight… I just want to use your birthday banquet to apologize to the victims.”
Mrs. Perry didn’t say anything, waiting to see how she would handle this.
Xia Yanyan gritted her teeth and walked towards Ye Xingguang, who was chatting and laughing with others.
###Chapter 1087: Chapter 1087: Xia Yanyan Publicly Apologizes 5
This was the most humiliating moment of her life, being forced by circumstances to bow to someone she despised and loathed. 
When Xia Yanyan approached Ye Xingguang, she was being introduced by Bai Peiluan to Han Chengbei’s mother. Elders always enjoy showcasing their daughters-in-law, and this was Ye Xingguang’s first meeting with Han Chengbei’s mother. Perhaps because Han Chengbei was a child born late in her life, his mother seemed quite old, about a decade older than her own mother-in-law, probably around seventy. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t see Xia Yanyan, as her back was to her, and she was speaking to Han’s mother politely and respectfully. 
Han’s mother, having heard Ye Xingguang’s name from her son several times, was quite fond of her: "Not bad, not bad, Mrs. Ye, you’re very lucky. Both your sons found good wives for you, unlike my younger son, who still doesn’t have a girlfriend." 
Han Chengbei stood to the side, his voice flippant and without any sense of propriety: "Mom, you can’t blame me for this. I was interested in her too, 
but unfortunately, Ye Junqing got to her first. Otherwise, Xingguang would be your daughter-in-law now." 
Han’s mother glared at her son, wondering what he was saying on such an occasion. noveldrama
Han Chengbei didn’t care, being oblivious to formality: "Ye Junqing just got lucky, climbing to the top of the billionaire list. Otherwise, Xingguang might not have ended up with him. Ultimately, it comes down to family wealth; it’s not my fault my father didn’t make me the richest." 
The more Han Chengbei spoke, the more outrageous he became. Han’s mother forced a smile, "Mrs. Ye, don’t mind him, my son is just like this." 
Bai Peiluan laughed and said, "Little Han isn’t young anymore, I happen to know a good girl, I’ll introduce her to you later." 
Han Chengbei felt a chill on his scalp, dreading elders matchmaking, and was about to slip away when he saw Xia Yanyan approaching. His eyes lit up, and he decided to stay and watch the drama unfold. 
"Ye Xingguang." Xia Yanyan called from behind Ye Xingguang, feeling a fierce desire to tear her apart, but by the time Ye Xingguang turned around, Xia Yanyan’s face was already displaying impeccable regret and remorse. 
Ye Xingguang pretended not to know and asked, "Miss Xia, do you have any business with me?" 
"I’m here to apologize to you." 
Xia Yanyan’s expression had never been so sincere before: "Regarding the video that was exposed online, accusing me of inciting fans to release cholera virus in the studio with the intention to harm you, I don’t deny that I was momentarily possessed by evil intent. Here, I solemnly apologize to you, sorry, I hope for your forgiveness." 
Xia Yanyan bowed at ninety degrees, displaying utter sincerity. 
The guests, in the midst of toasting and changing cups, all turned their eyes towards them, with some even walking over to stand by and watch the spectacle. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t expect that the usually proud Xia Yanyan would actually lower her head and apologize to her. How dire had the circumstances forced her to be? 
Presumably, at this moment, she must utterly hate her? 
However, seeing the usually haughty Xia Yanyan put aside her pride and bow to apologize to her, Ye Xingguang admitted that it felt quite satisfying. 
"Forget it, since I didn’t get infected with cholera, I can forgive you. But I think you owe an apology more to those staff who did get infected and got hurt." 
In front of the public, she couldn’t refuse to forgive, so she might as well be magnanimous and state it clearly. 
"However, I want to know, why did you release the cholera virus to harm me? We have no enmity in the past or present. I really can’t understand why you want to put me to death?" Ye Xingguang pursued further, not wanting Xia Yanyan to get away so easily.
Follow current novels on freewe(b)novel.c(o)m
###Chapter 1088: Chapter 1088: Xia Yanyan Publicly Apologizes 6
Xia Yanyan looked at Ye Xingguang. They had no past grudge or recent enmity, yet this little White Lotus knew how to embarrass her in public! 
Xia Yanyan took a deep breath, telling herself that a momentary lapse could ruin a great plan. Once she got the regret medicine, all her current humiliation would be erased. 
"I’m sorry, Miss Ye." 
Xia Yanyan didn’t continue further, only bowed respectfully. Seeing that Ye Xingguang wasn’t willing to let it go, she added, "I really didn’t mean to bring you to harm. I just... The spokesperson for Xia’s Group has always been me. Now that you’ve suddenly been added, I felt a bit unbalanced, so I wanted to stop you from endorsing. I didn’t know cholera could be fatal, I just thought of giving you diarrhea so that the endorsement would be delayed, and I could fight for it. It was indeed an error in judgment on my part, but I absolutely only intended for you to have diarrhea. Nowadays, technology is so advanced, I didn’t think cholera would be deadly..." 
Ye Xingguang frowned, "You’re not a three-year-old child. How could you not know that cholera could lead to a large-scale epidemic? No deaths occurred this time because it was detected early and managed well. Otherwise, if it had spread, the consequences would have been unimaginable. Miss Xia, think it through before you act in the future. If you want the endorsement, we can compete fairly. Don’t use underhanded tactics anymore, or you’ll not only lose face for yourself but also for the Xia’s Family, the Perry’s, and even Country A." 
"Yes, I understand. I will definitely reflect on my actions sincerely and thoroughly..." 
Facing Xia Yanyan, who played the role of enduring humiliation for a greater cause, Ye Xingguang found it difficult to pursue the issue further and was too lazy to watch her act in public, so she let it go. 
The Perry’s mother smiled and came over, taking Ye Xingguang’s hand, "You’ve been wronged, child. I heard you were quarantined at home for two days. This is a small token of my regard, hoping it can comfort your fright." 
She instructed someone to bring the gift, which Ye Xingguang accepted. noveldrama
Subsequently, someone pushed a cake into the banquet hall. The birthday celebration officially began, and everyone started to celebrate the Perry’s mother’s birthday. 
She handed the first slice of cake she cut to Ye Xingguang, a gesture from the Perry’s that gave Ye Xingguang enough face, meaning the Ye’s Family would no longer pursue this matter. 
With the dust settled, Xia Yanyan breathed a sigh of relief. Next, she hoped Harry Perry could help her find "the regret medicine." 
... 
As the banquet went on for about half, Lawson Perry approached Ye Xingguang with a glass of red wine, "Miss Ye." 
"Mr. Perry." 
Lawson Perry seemed to have the ability to see through people’s hearts, his keen gaze resting on Ye Xingguang, smiling without saying anything further. 
For a moment, Ye Xingguang didn’t know why he called her. 
She searched for the figure of Ye Junqing in the banquet hall, seeing him standing among a group of men, chatting and laughing, standing out from the crowd, yet not noticing what was happening on her side. She couldn’t help but snort internally. 
Lawson Perry probably saw her tension and said with a smile, "Your Majesty, no need to be nervous." 
Ye Xingguang maintained a smile full of the grace and elegance of a wealthy young lady, "Vice President Perry, I’m not sure what you’re talking about." 
"As long as you know in your heart." 
Lawson Perry toasted her, "Previously, my eyes lacked clarity. If I have offended, I hope Miss Xia can forgive." 
In three sentences, he gave her three titles.
When Ye Xingguang initially bet on Ye Junqing, Lawson Perry had used her to make quite a fuss to beat his competitor. This mention of forgiveness should be referring to that, right? 
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here. We’ll continue updating tomorrow. Mwah, mwah, please vote, and recommend tickets]
###Chapter 1089: Chapter 1089: The Secret of Xia Wealth 1
To be honest, although Lawson Perry had previously used her in various schemes, standing tall and dignified in front of her added to his charm. Ye Xingguang realized that the high public support for this vice president was not without reason. At least looking at Lawson Perry, she couldn’t bring herself to dislike him.
He truly was capable. Although he was the vice president, after taking office, he didn’t sabotage Ye Shiting. Instead, he assisted him in managing the country, genuinely caring for the people.
Now he’s showing goodwill to her, probably because she is the Queen of the Undersea Empire, right?
Lawson Perry has ambitions and wants to run for president in the future, so he definitely doesn’t want to offend a country’s queen.
Ye Xingguang smiled gently: “Tonight, my tolerance has always been vast, hasn’t it?”
Lawson Perry smiled and said, “What a pity.”
“What’s a pity?”
“That Xia Wealth couldn’t recognize your value.”
After saying that, Lawson Perry left to entertain other guests.
Ye Junqing came over: “What did he say to you?”
“He probably guessed all my identities.” Ye Xingguang leaned against Ye Junqing.
Ye Junqing glanced at the tactful Lawson Perry: “With his intelligence, figuring out your identity was just a matter of time. Don’t worry about him. Even if he knows, he won’t tell Xia’s Family.”
“Why?” Ye Xingguang was curious.
Ye Junqing said, “He won’t do anything that isn’t beneficial.”
Xia Yanyan pulled Harry Perry away from the banquet hall and questioned him in a lounge: “Did you find out? Who is ‘the specialist in regret medicine’?”
Harry Perry looked serious: “This is someone you can’t afford to offend, don’t ask anymore.”
Xia Yanyan was unwilling to let it go: “Whether I can or can’t offend them is my business. Just tell me their true identity.”
Harry Perry couldn’t let her know; if this woman foolishly offended Mr. Zhuo, the Perrys couldn’t afford to be implicated by her.
So, Harry Perry was unusually stern: “Go back and take care of your dad.”
Xia Yanyan was about to protest when the phone in her pocket rang.
Even Ye Xingguang in the banquet hall received a call from Xia Ye Zhao: “Come to the hospital, Dad… probably won’t make it this time… come say goodbye to him.”
“What’s wrong, whose call was that?” Ye Junqing noticed her expression change.
Ye Xingguang hung up the phone, lips pressed: “My brother said he really isn’t going to make it, he’s critically ill, wants me to go to the hospital. My brother’s voice was a bit choked… I don’t think he’s joking.”
“Do you want to go?”
“I don’t know.”
Ye Junqing made the decision for her: “I’ll take you to the hospital.”
“But I don’t want to see him, not at all, he never loved me…”noveldrama
Ye Junqing could hear her voice was a bit agitated, with hidden grievances and resentment. He led her out of the birthday banquet hall hosted by the Perrys and put her into the car.
He knew that the grievances in her heart had never been truly released, and her resentment had never been let go.
Ye Junqing signaled the driver to start driving. He sat in the car holding her, reassuring her: “I know, we won’t go into the hospital. We’ll just stay at the hospital entrance, okay?”
Ye Xingguang nodded, burying her head in Ye Junqing’s embrace, allowing his large hand to gently soothe her back.
After Harry Perry sent Xia Yanyan to the hospital, he accompanied her to the ward. The ward was crowded and chaotic, with two illegitimate daughters and a heavily pregnant woman.
###Chapter 1090: Chapter 1090 The Secret of Xia Wealth 2
After Xia Wealth had been in a coma for several days, he woke up. Wang Zimei cried tears of joy, but the doctor said his condition was not optimistic. It was a momentary reawakening of consciousness, and they should say what they need to say quickly. 
Now, the hospital room was filled with the cries of two illegitimate daughters, one sixteen and one seven years old, both at the age when they needed someone to care for them. If Xia Wealth didn’t leave them something, their future would certainly be difficult. 
However, Xia Wealth, who had just woken up, only glanced at his two daughters for less than ten seconds before all his attention was focused on the pregnant woman. He stared at her belly as if looking at his only son. noveldrama
"Wh... when is the due date?" Xia Wealth’s voice was weak. 
The pregnant woman said, "The doctor says the due date is in these few days. Wealth, don’t leave. If you go, what will happen to me and the baby?" 
Xia Wealth didn’t want to die either—who would want to? But he felt that his condition was very poor. 
"Dad." Xia Yanyan stood on the other side of the hospital bed, holding Xia Wealth’s hand: "Dad, I was wrong. You’ll get better. Don’t scare me..." 
Xia Wealth held Xia Yanyan’s hand and called Harry Perry over, passing Xia Yanyan’s hand into Harry Perry’s hand, the meaning was clear without words.
Then, Xia Wealth’s gaze searched around the room, as if looking for someone. 
Everyone knew he was looking for Xia Qiongqiong. 
Xia Yanyan gritted her teeth, feeling both wronged and indignant: "Stop looking, she won’t come. I’ve told you before, she hates you, she won’t forgive you. Don’t count on her; you can’t rely on her at all!" 
Xia Wealth’s gaze fell on Xia Ye Zhao, his voice weak but insistent: "Have her... brought here..." 
Xia Ye Zhao dialed again, and after connecting, a voice from the other end, Ye Junqing, said: "We’re downstairs, not coming up. Don’t let a moment of filial piety drag her into your Xia family’s big whirlpool. Seventeen years ago, Xia Qiongqiong was already dead. The moment Xia Wealth personally threw her into the sea, she was dead!" 
"She... refuses to see me?" There was regret in Xia Wealth’s eyes. 
Xia Ye Zhao remained silent. 
Xia Wealth stared at the ceiling: "Go get the lawyer... I want to announce... the will." 
The lawyer had been asked by Wang Zimei to come a long time ago and was currently in the hospital corridor outside. Wang Zimei went to call him and soon brought the lawyer inside. 
No one expected that Xia Wealth intended to allocate 80% of his estate to the son in the pregnant woman’s belly. The other two illegitimate daughters wouldn’t get a penny, and even Xia Ye Zhao received no share from Xia Wealth’s assets. The remaining 20% was designated for Wang Zimei, Xia Yanyan, and Xia Qiongqiong to share. 
Upon hearing this, the two illegitimate daughters cried out in grief and despair. 
The pregnant girl was filled with surprise, and perhaps too much excitement caused her to go into labor pain suddenly. 
Xia Wealth hadn’t signed the will yet, and the pregnant girl was already rushed to the obstetrics department. 
Ye Xingguang sat in the car downstairs, hearing Xia Wealth’s will and finding it amusing: "Who wants his estate? My brother was raised by him yet didn’t get a single penny, while he’s being so generous to an unborn son." 
Ye Junqing felt Xia Wealth wasn’t worthy, "Your brother isn’t someone who cares about inheritance." 
"I know my brother doesn’t care, I’m just indignant for him! My brother has always valued filial piety and family ties since he was young. Yet in Xia Wealth’s eyes, he means nothing."
Follow current novels on freewe(b)novel.c(o)m
###Chapter 1091: Chapter 1091: The Secret of Xia Wealth 3
Ye Junqing said, "Before your grandfather passed away from illness, he directly gave the vast majority of Xia’s family shares to your brother. The old man had foresight. Even now, if Xia Wealth were to give 80% of his shares to his unborn son, it wouldn’t shake your brother’s absolute control over the Xia Group. So, don’t be upset. The little piece of inheritance Xia Wealth is giving you, it’s better to not have it." 
"I never wanted it." Ye Xingguang sat in the car, thinking about how his big brother ended up with nothing, still fuming. 
The thing that angered her more was Xia Yanyan. She never expected that, after being her father’s favorite for so many years, she still couldn’t compare to an unborn child. 
Wang Zimei was so angry she was about to faint, standing at the bedside, cursing Xia Wealth for having a black heart and no conscience! 
The lawyer printed the will and handed it to Xia Wealth for signing. 
Xia Wealth could no longer hold a pen, so the lawyer brought over the red ink pad for him to leave a fingerprint. Meanwhile, the third and fourth mistresses prevented Xia Wealth, unwilling to accept such a will. If the will came into effect, what would happen to their daughters? 
This commotion caused delays. 
Half an hour later, Xia Ye Zhao returned to the hospital room holding a crying newborn baby. 
Xia Wealth seemed to experience a surge of energy, his face suddenly glowing, muttering, "Son, my son... quickly bring him to me..." 
Xia Ye Zhao placed the newborn by the bedside, speaking with a complicated look in his eyes, "Dad." 
Xia Wealth seemed unable to hear Xia Ye Zhao’s voice. At this moment, he only had eyes for the son lying at the bedside, his own flesh and blood, tearing up with excitement. 
Xia Ye Zhao stood with his hands behind his back at the head of the bed, stating a fact: "Dad, it’s not a boy, it’s a girl." 
"What did you say?" Xia Wealth couldn’t believe it. 
Xia Ye Zhao repeated, "A girl was born, not a boy." 
Xia Wealth: "...How could it be? Impossible! They all said it was a boy, how could it turn into a girl? Did you do something? Did you deliberately bring a girl to deceive me? This isn’t my child, take her away, take her away..." 
Xia Ye Zhao remained silent. noveldrama
Wang Zimei laughed heartily, "This is fate! Xia Wealth, this is your fate! You’re destined not to have a son’s fortune in this life, hahaha, and you planned to leave 80% of your inheritance to an illegitimate daughter, hahaha, karma, that’s karma." 
Xia Yanyan, however, seemed to see a glimmer of hope amidst the dark clouds, "Dad, are you sure you want to give 80% of the inheritance to an illegitimate daughter and not to me? Are you sure?" 
Xia Wealth immediately wanted to change the will, shouting, "Lawyer, lawyer! This will is invalid, I want to change the will, I want to change the will." 
The lawyer stood by, calm and composed, "That’s fine, Mr. Xia, we’ll proceed according to your final will." 
Xia Wealth’s two brothers, Xia Changqiu and Xia Guodong, remained silent, merely standing by the window of the hospital room. 
Unexpectedly, Xia Wealth’s final inheritance division allotted 60% of his estate to Xia Qiongqiong, 20% to Xia Yanyan, and 20% to Wang Zimei, leaving the three illegitimate daughters with nothing. 
After he pressed his finger onto the paper, it was not just the two illegitimate daughters who were dissatisfied; even Xia Yanyan exploded in rage: "Why give her 60%? Why give her 60%? Father, you’ve gone mad, do you think by giving her so much inheritance, she’ll come back and acknowledge you? You’re dreaming, you, you’re, I’m the daughter you love the most, I am!"
###Chapter 1092: Chapter 1092: The Secret of Xia Wealth 4
Unfortunately, at the end of Xia Wealth’s life, he no longer cared about what Xia Yanyan was saying. When he realized his son’s dreams would never come true, his only regret was that the daughter who had a brighter future than Xia Yanyan still hadn’t been recognized by the family. 
In his will, Xia Wealth added a clause that Xia Qiongqiong must be recognized by the family to receive her inheritance. 
Downstairs, when Ye Xingguang heard that Xia Wealth had a daughter with another woman, he immediately changed the will, giving her 60% of the inheritance, then laughed sarcastically, "Giving me 60% of the inheritance, and wants me to be recognized by the family?" 
Ye Xingguang laughed heartily; only a fool would care about 60% of his inheritance, only a fool would want to be recognized by the family! 
Xia Wealth passed away at 2:30 in the middle of the night, hoping until the very end that Xia Qiongqiong would arrive at the hospital. But from start to finish, Ye Xingguang sat in the car downstairs at the hospital, never stepping inside. 
Xia Wealth left this world with regrets that could never be filled, leaving in a hurry. From having a stroke to passing away, it was less than a week. 
The Xia’s Family, plunged into a sea of wails... 
No one knows why, but the moment Ye Xingguang heard of Xia Wealth’s passing, she couldn’t stop her own tears. 
Sitting in the car, she leaned on Ye Junqing’s shoulder and wept, not knowing why she cried.
Did Xia Wealth’s passing make her sad? NO, she wasn’t sad at all! 
She didn’t know why she cried, maybe because all the grievances she had held against Xia Wealth for years ended with such a conclusion. She wasn’t satisfied with such an end; why should she forgive his irresponsibility just because of his last moments’ kindness? 
Until his death, he was never a good father! 
Whether it was to her or to the other daughters deemed useless, he was never a good father! 
Now giving her 60% of the inheritance was just because he wanted her to be recognized and bring glory to the Xia’s Family! 
If he had a son, the inheritance she could have gotten would be at most only 10%! 
Ye Junqing didn’t stop her from crying, just gently held her head in his embrace, silently accompanying her in the car. 
In the late spring cold night, the chilly wind howled. Ye Junqing closed all the car windows, letting the bodyguards and driver who were waiting outside get in the car. 
"Drive home." 
The driver drove back to the Ye’s Family estate, arriving at 3:20 AM. 
"I want to go swimming." 
"Alright." noveldrama
Ye Junqing dismissed the others, brought her to the Mermaid Swimming Hall, both going to the second floor, stripped off their clothes, then Ye Xingguang plunged into the swimming pool. The water was warm; as she dived in, the warmth seeped into her cold body, making her feel much more comfortable. Her beautiful mermaid tail swam back and forth in the water. 
After Ye Junqing took off his clothes, he also plunged into the water, like a dragon emerging, chasing after her... 
After swimming for more than ten minutes, Ye Xingguang leaned against the edge of the pool, facing the sky, and murmured to herself: "I still remember when I was a kid, he swam in the water holding Xia Yanyan, and I stood on the shore, wanting to swim too. But even before I touched the water, he told me to stay on the shore. I knew he didn’t want to see my dull gray fish tail, he despised me, and the disdain in his eyes couldn’t be hidden. Although I was young, I could feel it, I understood everything..." 
Ye Junqing felt sorry for her, willing to be her listener: "And then?" 
"Then I always snuck into the water when they weren’t around. During the day, I was afraid of being scorned, so I got up in the middle of the night to swim in the pool. Sometimes my brother saw me and brought fruit, came to the pool in the middle of the night, sat by the pool, talked to me, cheered me up..."
###Chapter 1093: Chapter 1093: The Secret of Xia Wealth 5
"In my memory, I really can’t recall any moments of his affection for me, I can’t find it at all, not even a bit. Even my birth was because Xia Yanyan got sick. If she hadn’t gotten sick, would they have still had me?" 
"They would. Your father wanted a son." 
Ye Junqing, instead of comforting her, said this. Ye Xingguang, who was already very upset, found his words amusing and frustrating at the same time. 
She wiped the corner of her eye vigorously, thinking of those two illegitimate sisters, and that newborn baby girl... 
They were all abandoned by a man obsessed with having a son. They couldn’t choose their birth, and how could they not feel wronged? 
"Being his daughter is probably the unluckiest thing in the world, whether it’s me or them." 
Ye Xingguang was tired, lying in the water, reluctant to move: "Can you carry me back to the room to sleep?" 
Ye Junqing touched her nose, went ashore, found a big bath towel, wrapped her up, and carried her out of the swimming pool, rinsed her off under the heater, then carried her back to the villa. 
At this moment, she felt so lazy, lazily letting the man carry her back to the villa, back to the bedroom. She held his neck with both hands, and before they reached the bedroom, she fell asleep nestled in his arms, feeling incredibly secure as she listened to his strong heartbeat. 
Ye Junqing carried her to the bedroom on the second floor, carefully laying her on the bed, afraid to wake her up. noveldrama
Seeing that even in her sleep, her eyebrows were slightly furrowed, Ye Junqing took off his shoes, crawled under the covers, lay by her side, and gazed tenderly at the little fish tail with a low mood. After all, he was her biological father, now that he’s gone, she can no longer hate, can no longer resent, all grievances must be put to rest, and he understood her feelings. 
All her resentment was just because she couldn’t get love. Even on his deathbed, Xia Wealth couldn’t give her the fatherly love she desired. 
Changing the will on his deathbed, giving her 60% of the inheritance, didn’t contain love, but an attempt to bind her back to Xia’s Family to bring glory to Xia’s Family. This... had nothing to do with love... it was just Xia Wealth’s unwillingness... 
Ye Xingguang didn’t sleep well all night, waking up groggily after half an hour of sleep. Ye Junqing didn’t sleep, fearing she might wake up in the silent world without anyone by her side. Seeing her wake up now, he gently caressed her disheveled hair: "Keep sleeping, it’s not dawn yet..." 
"Hmm." 
Ye Xingguang reached out, hugged Ye Junqing’s neck, and groggily closed her eyes again. 
That night, Ye Xingguang woke up four or five times intermittently. Each time she woke up, Ye Junqing would kiss her forehead, tell her to keep sleeping, and gently pat her back, like soothing a baby, coaxing her to sleep again. 
The next morning, Bai Lanwu heard the news of Xia Wealth’s death and went upstairs to check on her daughter.
She knocked softly on the door, and Ye Junqing opened it. 
"Mom." 
"How is Xingguang?" 
"Still asleep." 
Bai Lanwu sighed: "I’ve heard, I didn’t expect her father to pass so suddenly. This child has always resented her parents’ heartlessness and couldn’t let go. But after all, he was her biological father. Later, make sure to wake her up early and go to Xia’s Family for the funeral. Don’t sleep in today, and you also don’t need to go to work, just stay with her today." 
Ye Junqing said softly: "Mom, I know. He passed at around two last night, Xingguang was at the hospital downstairs all night, and she didn’t sleep well after coming back. She finally fell asleep at three-thirty in the morning, let her sleep a bit more. I’ll take her to the funeral after nine."
This chapter is updated by freew(e)bnovel.(c)om
###Chapter 1094: Chapter 1094: Xia Wealth’s Secret 6
The funeral for Xia Wealth was held with great dignity, and many people from the capital came to pay their respects. 
Yi Yujian and Ye Shiting also rushed over. No matter what, Xia Wealth was Yi Yujian’s uncle by marriage. Even though Yi Yujian had previously said he wanted to cut ties with his relatives, now that his uncle had passed away, they couldn’t possibly not come. 
Yi Yujian’s parents, grandmother, grandfather, uncles, and aunts all rushed over for the funeral. Seeing Xia Yanyan dressed in mourning clothes and kneeling in the family area, they couldn’t help but feel moved. 
Xia Ye Zhao also knelt in the family area. As the guests paid their respects, they returned the courtesy, everything quiet yet sorrowful. 
Ye Xingguang walked into the mourning hall, accompanied by Ye Shiting at her side. As soon as they entered, Xia Yanyan stood up from the family seat and rushed over to drive Ye Xingguang away: "Get out! Get out! Last night, Dad waited for you all night, but you didn’t come. Now you rush over to mourn. Who are you pretending for? Get out, Dad doesn’t need you here!" 
Xia Ye Zhao stood up, stopping the impulsive Xia Yanyan: "Yanyan, calm down." 
"How can I calm down? If it weren’t for her, Dad wouldn’t have died!" 
If it hadn’t been for fighting over an endorsement, how could she have quarreled with Dad, angered him into having a stroke, and then passing away! 
At the end of his life, Dad even wanted to give her 60% of his inheritance. Why? Why? 
Xia Yanyan desperately pushed Ye Xingguang, who did not resist and let Xia Yanyan push her until she was pulled away. Someone handed her incense, and she took it, kneeling and bowing with Ye Shiting. 
She stared at Xia Wealth’s portrait in the hall, her feelings complicated. 
"Child, are you... really not Qiongqiong?" Wang Zimei, dressed in white mourning attire, looked at her with burning eyes. 
"If you are, today is your father’s funeral. Like Yanyan, you should kneel here and watch over his spirit. In his final moments, he still cared about you, planning to give you 60% of his inheritance. He really wanted to make it up to you. Child, don’t leave your father restless, let him go peacefully." 
Ye Xingguang didn’t comply, merely bowed: "Please accept my condolences." noveldrama
After speaking, Ye Xingguang and Ye Shiting left together. 
Wang Zimei cried out behind them: "Are you... are you really not Qiongqiong? Do you really want your father to be unable to die in peace?" 
Ye Xingguang did not stop walking, continuing out of the mourning hall and to the car. 
Xia Ye Zhao followed her out. Before she got into the car, he pressed his temple, trying to speak, but was stopped by Ye Shiting’s outstretched hand. 
Ye Shiting lowered his voice: "Xia Ye Zhao, you’d better not use your moral principles to bind my woman. What she doesn’t want to do, no one can force her!" 
"A-Qing, let him get in the car." 
Ye Xingguang sat in the car, and after Xia Ye Zhao got in, she said: "A-Qing, close the car door, I want to speak with my brother alone for a few minutes." 
"Okay." Ye Shiting stood outside the car, closing the door for them. 
Ye Xingguang asked the driver to get out too, leaving only her and Xia Ye Zhao in the car. 
She handed Xia Ye Zhao a small velvet box: "Brother, give this to Xia Yanyan." 
"What is it?" 
"A regret remedy. You also once asked Han Chengbei to help plead for it. Xia Yanyan has always wanted it. She said she regrets quarreling with someone. If there was a regret remedy, she would never provoke someone again, causing someone to have a stroke." 
"Tell her to swallow it directly, then close her eyes, focus on the moment she argued with someone, and she can go back to the past and change everything. However, she only has one hour’s time." 
Xia Ye Zhao tightly gripped the small velvet box, incredulous yet faintly hopeful: "Are you saying, Dad can come back to life?" 
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips: "He gave me a life, and I return a life to him. From now on, we are even." 
[Author’s Note: Today’s update ends here, continuing tomorrow. Love you all, please vote for monthly and recommendation tickets]
###Chapter 1095: Chapter 1095 Xia Yanyan Made Herself Courting Death 1
Xia Ye Zhao could tell that his little sister had no intention of getting involved in Xia’s family’s affairs. She was now willing to offer a regret pill only because her father’s blood ran through her veins. No matter what, he played a part in her being able to come into this world. Now, she wanted to use the regret pill to repay that debt; from then on, they owe each other nothing, and her father can no longer hope for anything from her... 
Xia Ye Zhao tightly held the small velvet box in his hand. He had heard Han Chengbei mention that there existed a regret pill in this world that could turn back time. He had once wanted to beg for one to save his little sister’s life, never imagining that the one possessing the regret pill was his sister. 
After Xia Ye Zhao left, Ye Junqing got into the car. noveldrama
Sitting in the car, he looked at her with deep eyes: "Why did you think of bringing Xia Wealth back to life? I thought you wished for him to die completely."
Earlier, outside the car, Xia Ye Zhao had spoken to him, and Ye Junqing felt surprised. 
Ye Xingguang held onto Ye Junqing’s arm, leaning on his shoulder: "I also thought I wished for him to die completely. I do hate him, 
and I still hate him even now. I don’t even know why I gave Xia Yanyan a regret pill." 
Ye Junqing reached out, stroking her hair: "Do whatever you want; there’s no need to delve into the reasons. I’ll always support any decision you make." 
After saying this, he signaled the driver and the bodyguards to get into the car, and then the party left Xia’s Family. 
The car slowly left Xia’s Family and hadn’t driven for more than three minutes when the world had already changed. New memories emerged in the minds of Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing; Xia Wealth had not died, and even the plague on Xia’s Group had not occurred. 
Ye Junqing sneered: "It seems that someone got the regret pill not only to save their father but also to cleanse their name. However, it seems they’ve fallen into even greater trouble." 
Ye Xingguang sorted through the new memories in her mind, roughly guessing that after Xia Yanyan took the regret pill, she stopped herself from poisoning the group, so the plague did not happen again, and Xia Yanyan never apologized to her. 
She really got off easy, but this time with the plague, several staff members in the studio were critically ill. Now that Xia Yanyan didn’t poison, those staff members didn’t have to suffer in the ICU. Every misfortune comes with a blessing. 
However, in that one hour Xia Yanyan returned to the past, though she didn’t poison her, she took action against Xia Wealth’s illegitimate daughter. 
She had seen many people changing their fate by taking the regret pill, many achieving a comeback. However, Xia Yanyan didn’t just fail to make a comeback; she fell into an even bigger storm. Ye Xingguang didn’t know whether to say that Xia Yanyan was out of luck or that evil deeds are eventually punished. 
... 
After taking the regret pill, Xia Yanyan returned to the time before she instigated her brainwashed fan to steal cholera bacteria from the lab. She no longer bewitched the brainwashed fan but instead called and hired a group of people to target Xia Wealth’s two illegitimate daughters, one of whom was five months pregnant! 
Little did she know that one of Xia Wealth’s illegitimate daughters was named Xia Miaomiao, who, although only sixteen this year, already had phenomenal luck. 
Xia Yanyan had someone contact human traffickers, wanting to abduct Xia Miaomiao and the other seven-year-old illegitimate daughter, Xia Tiantian, to a small island to become slaves, condemning them to a life of struggle. However, Xia Miaomiao was not someone to be trifled with. 
Despite being only sixteen years old, Xia Miaomiao had no shortage of luck. On the island, she encountered a powerful figure who helped her identify the mastermind behind the trafficking. Not only that, but she also exposed the matter online, tagging all the mainstream media. Now, Xia Yanyan is being interrogated by public opinion... 
The course of events was as follows:
###Chapter 1096: Chapter 1096: Xia Yanyan Courted Death 2
The cold wind howled, and torrential rain poured down without showing any sign of stopping. 
This is a private island, heavily guarded. Xia Miaomiao lay on the muddy grass, letting the rain wash over her soaked face, not daring to move a muscle. She had been watching for three days; the patrols changed shifts every half an hour, making escape as difficult as climbing to the heavens. 
But if she didn’t find a way to escape, tomorrow would be the day of final judgment, and she would be dead for sure. 
Buzzzzz— 
Suddenly, a huge gust of wind rose above her head. 
Xia Miaomiao looked up. 
Damn, a helicopter was arrogantly descending right above her! 
Unfortunately, it seemed as though it was going to land right on the patch of grass where she was lying. 
If she didn’t dodge, and the helicopter descended on her, wouldn’t she be crushed into a pulp? 
Just as Xia Miaomiao was about to move, a group of bodyguards in raincoats rushed up rapidly through the torrential rain. 
Xia Miaomiao immediately held her breath, not daring to move at all. If the patrolling bodyguards discovered that she had sneaked out, there was no need to wait for the final judgment tomorrow; the next second would be her death sentence! 
What to do? 
Here’s a joke: Would you prefer to be squashed to death by a helicopter, or shot to death? 
As a naturally lazy bones who preferred lying down at home to sitting, she figured that since it was a dead end anyway, she might as well follow her heart. Xia Miaomiao decided to play dead! 
Rumble rumble— 
The sound of thunder and the helicopter rotor moved simultaneously, seemingly dissatisfied with her choice to play dead, determined to pierce her eardrums. 
Xia Miaomiao closed her eyes, waiting long for the moment she’d be flattened by the helicopter, which surprisingly did not happen. She opened her eyes in delightful shock. 
The helicopter landed just five centimeters away from her. Whew, how close~~~ 
"Master Huo!" 
Suddenly, respectful voices of the bodyguards came to her ears, all nodding and bowing down in unison. 
Xia Miaomiao curiously looked up, only to see a long, straight leg stepping out from the helicopter. 
The biggest boss on this island was holding a black umbrella, respectfully welcoming the man stepping off the helicopter, shielding him from the howling wind and rain, never daring to raise his head, as if raising his head in front of the man would be an unforgivable offense 
Xia Miaomiao knew the rules on this island were very strict, and rank was oppressive. But what was the background of the man who commanded such respect, even from the most arrogant boss on the island? 
She lay in the mud, staring at the man’s pure black, exquisitely tailored trench coat, wishing she could immediately pull it off the man and wrap it around her shivering body for warmth. 
Unfortunately, the reality was that she did not dare to move even a bit, afraid of being discovered and shot in the head. 
So she had to lie there, admiring the man with an unusually fierce aura. noveldrama
The back looked great, tall and straight, emitting a regal noble aura from every angle... 
With Xia Miaomiao’s professional eye, this outfit was likely top-notch, but she wondered about his facial features? 
Many who looked good from behind were disappointments when revealed. 
Unexpectedly, the man’s vigilance was so strong that he walked a few steps among the entourage of bodyguards, then suddenly turned around, sending a sharp look in her direction. 
The moment the man turned his head, a bolt of lightning struck from the sky. 
Caught off guard, Xia Miaomiao met the man’s intensely domineering gaze and simultaneously saw his face clearly. 
It was a face of proud ice, millennia old, with eyebrows slanted sharply into his temples, a high and handsome nose ridge, lips as thin as cherry blossoms, every aspect was soul-stirring, his facial features were as exquisite as a king from a medieval castle... 
In the next instant, hissing— 
Xia Miaomiao felt smoke rising from her head, her only awareness being that she had been struck by lightning!
###Chapter 1097: Chapter 1097: Xia Yanyan Courted Death 3
Xia Miaomiao was so shocked that her blood seemed to flow backward, and the sneeze she had held back for so long suddenly went out of control: "Ah Ah Ah... Achoo." 
Right after she sneezed, she regretted it. All the bodyguards wearing raincoats noticed her, and in the next second, all their guns were aimed at her in unison. 
No, wait a minute! 
Xia Miaomiao rubbed her eyes vigorously and rubbed them again. She saw herself lying in a sorry state on the muddy lawn, her hair all burnt. 
That’s right, she could see! noveldrama
Had she been struck by lightning, and her soul left her body? 
Or was she directly struck dead by the lightning, now a lonely soul standing in a place untouched by the wind and rain, admiring her own corpse? 
Looking up, what shielded her from the wind and rain was a black umbrella. 
Following the handle of the umbrella, her gaze moved down, and she saw the most powerful king on this island standing respectfully by her side, scaring her eyes wide like bronze bells. 
Gu Lianlian lowered her head again and saw her shoes, bright and shiny leather shoes, slender and neat trousers, and those distinct, strong hands. What surprised her even more was the trench coat draped on her, warm enough for her to take a deep breath. 
The breath she inhaled was filled with a strange, powerful male hormone. 
Xia Miaomiao: "?" 
Xia Miaomiao: "!!!!" 
What’s going on. 
Has her soul left her body, or has she taken over someone else’s body? 
Hearing the sound of bodyguards cocking their triggers, Xia Miaomiao’s mouth moved faster than her brain, and she instinctively blurted out: "Wait!" 
As soon as Xia Miaomiao uttered two words, she was shocked and covered her own mouth. 
That deep, magnetic voice, so pleasant it was like grass growing in her ears, was obviously a male voice, coming out of her mouth? 
"Mr. Huo." The most powerful king on the island bowed and inquired about her intentions. 
Xia Miaomiao was still confused, her mind in a daze, "Bring... bring that girl over here!" 
Xia Miaomiao pointed to "herself" lying in the mud under the helicopter, surrounded by bodyguards with guns pointed at her head! 
"Yes, Mr. Huo." 
A group of raincoat-clad bodyguards, respectful and obedient, put away their guns and stepped towards "herself" lying on the ground, gun tips pointing at the ground "her," coldly commanding, "Get up!" 
The "her" on the ground suddenly lifted her eyes, as if the tone of the bodyguard violated "her" authority, a delicate and frail face suddenly clouded with a ghostly wrath, especially those beautiful eyes, seemingly suddenly soaked in a destructive ferocity. 
"Still dare to glare at me, get up!" The bodyguard wouldn’t tolerate "her" insolence, lifting a foot to kick over. 
"You dare to kick her and try it!" Xia Miaomiao spoke out again, as if touched on the reverse scale. 
No kidding, that’s her body, what if it’s kicked and damaged? 
Xia Miaomiao walked over with a cold and proud stride, sternly reprimanding, "Insolent thing, respectfully invite the person up!" 
Hearing herself issue the deep, magnetic voice, Xia Miaomiao found it both novel and wickedly amusing, wanting to see the scene of those routinely high-up bodyguards respectfully inviting "herself" up, it would definitely feel super satisfying. 
The raincoat-clad bodyguard was stunned for a while, not understanding why Mr. Huo would place such importance on that wretched creature on the ground? 
Yet even with a head full of questions, he did not dare to disobey Mr. Huo’s words, biting his teeth, respectfully used the word please for the miserable and unsightly girl on the ground.
###Chapter 1098: Chapter 1098: Xia Yanyan Courted Death 4
Xia Miaomiao secretly observed herself standing up. Since coming here, she never had the chance to look in a mirror. She didn’t even know that her originally fair and tender face had turned darker than coal—no wonder everyone called her "Blackie." 
No wonder, it’s been days since she washed her face. How good could she look? 
She only remembered waking up two days ago on this island. She was kidnapped, and the trafficker said she had offended someone, but she had no idea who it could be. How could a sixteen-year-old girl offend anyone? 
She couldn’t worry about that now. The most important thing was to survive. 
Because only by surviving could she consider anything else. 
Xia Miaomiao temporarily suppressed her questions and looked again at the "self" who had stood up. 
If her assumption was correct, the person occupying her body right now should be that Huo Ye, whose body she had taken over. 
Looking at the way "she" stood up, it was definitely trained. Even though the body had changed, she could still sense the innate regal aura about him. The words ’disheveled’ and ’noble’ formed a striking contrast, like fire and ice, on "herself." 
The sopping wet and disheveled "self" suddenly raised her eyes, and the icy gaze shot directly through Xia Miaomiao. Even though they were her own eyes, at this moment, they were like a sharp scalpel, slicing her inch by inch, making her hair stand on end. 
Xia Miaomiao shivered. She didn’t have to think to know what "she" was thinking right now. 
Definitely fuming because she was occupying his body, right? 
"How dare you! Who allowed you to look at Huo Ye with such eyes?"
The island’s head honcho raised his hand to slap "her." 
Xia Miaomiao reacted faster and backhandedly slapped the island’s head honcho first. Her slap was decisive, swift, and ruthless. Perhaps because she was occupying this body, even her strength felt a hundred times more powerful than her own. 
The slap sent the island’s head honcho staggering, and subsequently, he, along with his umbrella, fell to the ground. 
The next second, another bodyguard picked up the umbrella from the ground and held it over Xia Miaomiao again. 
On the scene, everyone held their breath, not daring to exhale. 
Everyone said Huo Ye’s nature was elusive and unpredictable. Who would dare to touch his reverse scale at this moment? 
Everyone was baffled and didn’t even know how they had offended him. 
Usually, everyone was trying to curry favor with the island’s head honcho, but now no one dared to help him up. 
After Xia Miaomiao swung that slap, her heart pounded with nervousness, but it was incredibly satisfying. 
Thinking back to how she’d been living for the past month and how arrogant and tyrannical the island’s head honcho was, with his inviolable authority, Xia Miaomiao wished she could slap him again to vent her emotions. noveldrama
"H-Huo Ye." Lin Xuan, who was slapped to the ground, was stunned and didn’t dare to get up. 
Xia Miaomiao snorted, maintaining that low voice that made ears itch: "Who allowed you to speak to her in that tone? Call her Granny, ten times!" 
Lin Xuan: "..." 
Lin Xuan: "!!!" 
Lin Xuan: "...Yes." 
Just as Lin Xuan was about to get up, Xia Miaomiao kicked him: "Kneel and call her!" 
Damn, when I don’t roar, do you think I’m Hello Kitty? 
Lin Xuan looked at the muddy Blackie Xia Miaomiao, incredulously raised his head to look at Huo Ye, his eyes full of struggle, as if to say: Huo Ye, are you sure?
###Chapter 1099: Chapter 1099: Xia Yanyan Courted Death 5
I’m the most authoritative leader on this island, and now I’m supposed to call this ugly black woman ’Great Aunt’ ten times? How am I supposed to survive on this island afterward? 
But Master Huo tightened the coat around him, and the usually silent man uttered three words: "Not calling yet?" 
Lin Xuan didn’t dare to hesitate any longer and immediately knelt down on the ground, grudgingly addressing the mud-covered black woman, Xia Miaomiao, with respectful demeanor: "Great Aunt, I’m sorry. Great Aunt, I’m sorry... Great Aunt, I’m sorry..." 
In his heart: Just wait, when Master Huo leaves, I’ll kill you sooner or later! 
Xia Miaomiao secretly glanced at the muddy version of "herself" again, seeing that he still glared at her with eyes that could kill. To Lin Xuan’s kneeling apology, he merely raised an eyebrow slightly. 
Xia Miaomiao worried that the soul swap might just be temporary. If she didn’t please the muddy "herself" now, once the soul swapped back, if Master Huo trapped in her body came to settle accounts, even a hundred lives might not be enough for her to die. 
So, in the next second, she personally took off the coat and put it on the muddy "herself", then took the umbrella from a bodyguard and held it over "herself", proactively pleasing: "Cold?" 
In the eyes of others, this action was like the sun rising from the west! 
Master Huo, who normally kept away from women and never touched them, actually took off his trench coat and wrapped it around a muddy black woman, dirty enough to deter any normal man’s interest, and offered her an umbrella. He even asked if she was cold? noveldrama
What kind of miraculous operation is this? 
Here’s a joke: Everyone says Master Huo keeps away from women... 
The real Master Huo, at the moment Xia Miaomiao touched him, indeed frowned and instinctively avoided a bit. 
Xia Miaomiao didn’t care and, with a firm attitude, draped the trench coat over the purple-lipped "herself". In just three minutes, she realized her wish of having the trench coat of a big man placed on herself! 
This was something she could only dare to think about three minutes ago! 
At this time, Lin Xuan finally finished calling "Great Aunt" ten times. 
Just as Lin Xuan was about to get up, the "girl" cloaked in a trench coat, Master Huo, spoke for the first time after this great change: "Kneel for twelve hours, then you may rise!" 
After speaking, he frowned as if dissatisfied with the soft tone of his own voice. 
Then, lifting his foot, he strode toward the not-too-distant mansion with a stride of blood and gore. 
Lin Xuan: "!!!!" 
This black woman actually dared to advance step by step, getting more and more arrogant! 
Seeing the trench coat-wearing "herself" walk away, Xia Miaomiao quickly carried the umbrella to catch up, at the same time saying to the reluctant Lin Xuan on the ground: "Do as told!" 
Lin Xuan, completely disheveled: "Master Huo..." 
The fake Master Huo couldn’t care less about Lin Xuan’s fate. Hmph, kneeling for twelve hours is still cheap for him; Xia Miaomiao had been lying on that lawn for more than just twelve hours. If this grudge isn’t settled now, what if there’s no chance in the future? 
The group of bodyguards watched as their leader got punished to kneel, then watched the arrogant back of the black woman, and finally saw the legendary Master Huo, who never went near women, holding an umbrella chasing after the black woman; instantly, all faces were ghost-stricken expressions: "..." 
After arriving at the villa, "Master Huo brand" Xia Miaomiao dismissed everyone, leaving only "innocent girl brand" Master Huo. The two sat on the sofa, big eyes staring at little eyes.
###Chapter 1100: Chapter 1100: Xia Yanyan Courted Death 6
"Girl Card" Huo’s face was extremely foul, glaring at the little girl occupying his body: "Speak, what’s going on?" 
"Huo Card" Xia Miaomiao shivered in fear, raised her hands in surrender, and said, "Don’t look at me, I don’t know what’s going on either. It must be because you’ve done so many bad things that you got struck by lightning, which is why we swapped souls! It’s all your fault for being so sinful and dragging me into this!" 
"Say that again!" Girl Card Huo gritted his teeth, wishing he could strangle her. 
Huo Card Xia Miaomiao stepped back two paces: "Anyway, it’s not my fault and I can’t do anything about it. I’m telling you, don’t be fierce with me. If you are, I’ll let those lackeys outside come in and deal with you. Right now, they don’t know you’re me and I’m you." 
Girl Card Huo took a deep breath, sat on the sofa with a powerful presence, crossed his legs, and remained silent. 
In Huo Card Xia Miaomiao’s eyes, she couldn’t help but look at her own body with admiration. She hadn’t realized that she looked so good with her legs crossed. At home, when she sat watching TV like this, her mom always scolded her for having no manners, but look at this—it was incredibly cool! 
After all, she was just a sixteen-year-old girl. Huo Card Xia Miaomiao was quiet for a moment, then said, "What’s done is done, and getting angry won’t help. We might as well think about how to coexist peacefully from now on. Rest assured, until we switch back, I’ll have your back and not let anyone bully you. Also, you’re not allowed to drink water, got it?" 
She was scared he would drink water, then go to the bathroom and see her privacy! 
Of course, she didn’t want to drink water either, otherwise, going to the bathroom would be too embarrassing! 
Girl Card Huo seemed to guess what she was thinking, and instantly, his face darkened even more. Damn it! 
"Who are you anyway, the owner of this island?" 
If so, then this man was definitely despicable, deserving of being struck by lightning. 
"No!" Girl Card Huo spat out two words. 
"Then what’s your relationship with the owner of this island?" 
Even if not the owner, he must be a friend. Birds of a feather flock together, being struck by lightning would be quite normal. 
"Enemy." noveldrama
Huo Card Xia Miaomiao: "..." 
Who would believe that? 
However, Huo Hanqing really wasn’t the owner or a friend of the island’s owner. He came here as a guest to investigate and gather evidence of slave trade crimes on the island. Because of his high status, the island’s owner treated him with great respect and didn’t dare to question his purpose for coming. 
"Tell me your name!" Girl Card Huo stared at the girl occupying his body. 
"My name is Xia Miaomiao. A few days ago, I was kidnapped from the school gate. You scumbags, doing such heinous things, will definitely pay for it sooner or later!" 
Xia Miaomiao felt wronged. This island was simply a devil’s paradise, their hell. She wanted to leave, wanted to escape, wanted to go home. 
... 
Girl Card Huo looked at Xia Miaomiao and suddenly felt sympathy. Before coming, his buddy at the police station had already hinted at the island’s activities. 
A little girl kidnapped here surely wouldn’t have a good life. 
However, he could use this little girl’s identity to gather evidence of the crimes on the island. 
So, each with their own motives, they reached an agreement. Girl Card Huo used Xia Miaomiao’s identity to infiltrate the island, and in just two days, collected enough evidence to expose the crimes on the island and bring the mastermind to justice. 
[An Ying: This is the update for today. More updates will follow tomorrow. Love you all, please vote for me with monthly votes and recommendations!]
###Chapter 1101: Chapter 1101 Xia Ye Zhao Completely Gives Up 1
Master Huo spent only three days entertaining on the island. Three days later, Master Huo brand Xia Miaomiao, with teenage girl brand Master Huo, boarded a helicopter and roared away. 
Xia Miaomiao not only waved his hand and bought the teenage girl brand Master Huo, but also bought Xia Tiantian, escaping to heaven. 
After returning to the Imperial Capital, Xia Miaomiao handed over the evidence collected by the teenage girl brand Master Huo to the police station. The police dispatched their forces, capturing everyone on the island in one fell swoop and successfully cracked a case that shocked the world, even implicating Xia Yanyan. 
Xia Yanyan’s crime was selling her two illegitimate sisters, sending them to a hellish island. 
... 
Leaving Xia Wealth’s funeral, on the way home, Ye Xingguang saw reports online about the island’s trafficking of boys and girls for the amusement of the rich, and was so angry she nearly jumped up. noveldrama
"How can there be such a dark place in this world, damn it! I hate these scumbags without any bottom line, these degenerates!" 
The exposed news said that many wealthy tycoons had been there, and the police already had a list of those who consumed on the island. Many people are now probably trembling in fear of being exposed. 
As for the wealthy tycoon Ye Junqing, he had never heard of such a thing, probably because he wasn’t interested in these vices, so no one revealed it before him. Seeing the evil acts exposed on the news, Ye Junqing felt deeply insulted by the term "wealthy tycoon"! 
The more Ye Xingguang read, the angrier she became: "It’s really infuriating! How can this world be so dark? It’s fortunate the police cracked the case, otherwise, who knows how many innocent boys and girls would have fallen into such a devil’s place!" 
Previously at the hospital, she felt uncomfortable seeing her two illegitimate sisters. Now thinking they ended up in such a place because she gave Xia Yanyan a regret pill, she felt immensely guilty, as if she was an executioner too. 
Ye Junqing saw the guilt on her face and said: "Alright, don’t be sad. If not for this misfortune, the police might not have cracked the case, and more innocent children would have suffered. You’re quite the sister." 
She actually clung to Huo Hanqing’s strong backing, successfully escaped the island, and went to the police to expose the inside story of the island. 
"Who is this Huo Hanqing? I feel like I’ve seen him somewhere before." 
Ye Xingguang was curious, she heard he was a big shot, and the police asked him to go undercover. This Huo Hanqing was indeed a major contributor. 
Ye Junqing said: "He’s my cousin. Remember we went to my aunt’s house for the New Year, had dinner together, and you forgot?" 
Ye Xingguang remembered, Huo Hanqing is Ye Junqing’s aunt’s son, probably quite young, only twenty-two years old. 
Ye Junqing chatted in the family group and got new information. It was Mu Nianbai who asked Huo Hanqing to go undercover to investigate the island, and Huo Hanqing gave him a big present by taking down the dirty island in one stroke. 
... 
As for Xia Yanyan, after taking the regret pill, she returned to an hour in the past, her head dizzy before clearing up again. The Xia family’s mourning hall had been dismantled, and the deceased Xia Wealth slapped her immediately: "Look at what you’ve done!" 
Xia Yanyan was utterly confused, not knowing what had happened yet. 
Xia Ye Zhao was involved in the "regret pill" process. As the new memories flowed into his mind, he looked at the risen-from-the-dead Xia Wealth and also couldn’t quite grasp what was happening. Then he heard Wang Zimei harshly push and shove Xia Wealth.
###Chapter 1102: Chapter 1102: Xia Ye Zhao Completely Gives Up 2
"Why are you hitting our daughter? If Yanyan hadn’t found out, I wouldn’t have known you had two illegitimate daughters outside. Xia Wealth, you bastard, after all these years of marriage, you’ve been cheating behind my back with multiple women, and now you’re hitting Yanyan!" 
"She pushed her own sister into the fire; can’t I discipline her?" 
Xia Wealth was furious! 
After all, Xia Miaomiao and Xia Tiantian are his flesh and blood, yet now, they’ve been kidnapped by Yanyan and taken to a place of eternal darkness, subjected to mistreatment! 
After all the new memories flooded into her mind, Xia Yanyan, who initially wanted to confront Xia Wealth, said nothing. noveldrama
She never expected that after returning to the past and making a call to have her father’s two illegitimate daughters kidnapped, the plan would be exposed, leaving her mired in scandal with no way to exonerate herself. How did it come to this? 
Xia Ye Zhao also had new memories. He looked at Xia Yanyan in disbelief. He’d given her a chance to go back and save their father. And what did she do? Sent those two underage children to hell? 
Ha... 
In an instant, Xia Ye Zhao felt extreme disappointment. Even when Wang Zimei asked him to persuade his father, he felt powerless, wanting only to leave this unfeeling family. 
After his father’s death and everything that had happened, he finally understood why their parents and Yanyan might have thrown Miao Miao into the sea years ago. How could people with no family affection feel guilt? 
No wonder Miao Miao refused to recognize the family no matter what. 
"Ye Zhao, where are you going? Please help persuade your dad. He’s going to beat Yanyan to death." 
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t respond. He drove away from Xia’s Family, feeling a chill run through him as he stayed there. 
As he drove through the streets, he saw parents and children holding signs, protesting for severe punishment of the dirty dealings on the island and demanding strict punishment for Xia Yanyan, who sent underage girls there. Xia Ye Zhao felt no emotion. 
He even thought himself that Yanyan indeed needed to be taught a lesson; otherwise, she’d never understand what human compassion should be. 
At that moment, Harry Perry called him.
Xia Ye Zhao answered, and Harry Perry said, "Xia Ye Zhao, I can’t marry your sister. Even if I’m willing, the Perrys will not accept her. With such a scandal, the engagement between our two families is off!" 
Technically, the man Yanyan personally chose from the state had no right to refuse the engagement, but given what Yanyan had done, it was a severe mistake, allowing Harry Perry to apply to the state to reject the engagement, which tarnished the Perry family’s reputation. 
Xia Ye Zhao weakly responded, "I understand." 
He wanted to persuade but couldn’t find the words. What illustrious family could accept such a daughter-in-law? 
Xia Ye Zhao was well aware that the Perrys would never accept Yanyan again... 
It was a good marriage, and the future of the Perrys was limitless, yet Yanyan had ruined it herself. She would never find another family better than the Perrys. Xia Ye Zhao felt regretful yet helpless. 
Meanwhile, "Young Lady Card" Mr. Huo had already been brought home by Xia Miaomiao’s mother, Liang Qiaoyun. 
Liang Qiaoyun discovered that her daughter had become exceptionally cold after returning home, speaking only one sentence out of ten. 
Liang Qiaoyun knew her daughter must have been greatly traumatized after being sold to such a place. Her sudden change in personality wasn’t surprising. As long as her daughter returned safely and wasn’t violated, that was her greatest fortune.
###Chapter 1103: Chapter 1103: Xia Ye Zhao Completely Gives Up 3
"Miao Miao, maybe you shouldn’t go back to school these days. Mom can request a few more days off for you?" Liang Qiaoyun suggested to her daughter. 
The "girlish" Master Huo, after having breakfast, was still thinking about Xia Miaomiao begging him to go to school to take an exam for her. At this moment, Xia Miaomiao was still sending him WeChat messages, and he glanced at the content briefly. 
"I beg you, this exam is really important to me. I’ve agreed to help you sign a two-billion-dollar contract, and you just need to take an exam for me. No matter how you think about it, you’re getting a good deal. Please help me, won’t you?" 
"This is a class placement exam. If I don’t do well, I’ll be transferred from the honors class to a regular class. If I’m in a regular class, what hope will I have for the college entrance exam? This concerns my whole life, I’m begging you, please? Master Huo, Brother Huo, Huo Brother..." 
Seeing the words "Huo Brother," the "girlish" Master Huo felt a chill down his spine and mercilessly smashed his phone on the table, unwilling to look at it anymore. 
Beside him, Liang Qiaoyun poured her a cup of yogurt: "Daughter, drinking a cup of yogurt after a meal aids digestion." 
The "girlish" Master Huo had no interest in yogurt at all. Coldly, he stood up, picked up the "girlish" backpack, and said blandly, "I’m going to school." 
"Ah? Daughter, are you really going to school? Maybe you should take a few more days off." 
The "girlish" Master Huo ignored Liang Qiaoyun and went straight out the door. Following the bus route map sent by Xia Miaomiao, he took the bus to City No. 3 High School. 
This was the first time in the "girlish" Master Huo’s life taking a bus, or more accurately, squeezing onto a bus. 
The bus was packed to the brim, he was almost squashed into a pancake, and Huo Hanqing, who always kept his distance from strangers, nearly tore Xia Miaomiao apart in his mind. This damn girl made him experience all the awkward situations he had never faced before in his life. 
Finally entering City No. 3 High School, before he could find the classroom, a group of students pointed at him. noveldrama
"Did you see the news? Xia Miaomiao was sold to some dirty place, ah, how does she still have the face to come to school? If it were me, after staying in such a place, I wouldn’t dare leave my house, let alone go to school!" 
"Who knows if she’s been defiled by someone. If it were me, I would rather die than let anyone touch me. She’s still living well, I bet she’s already given Qiu Yun a green hat." 
"I heard her mom became someone’s mistress, and she’s just an illegitimate daughter. I really couldn’t tell she and her mom are that kind of trash..." 
The mockery and sneers were not even slightly hidden. Seeing the "girlish" Master Huo carrying a backpack into school, everyone pointed and gossiped about her, as if being trafficked and sent to such a place was her original sin. 
However, the fact was, she was a victim. 
These words couldn’t hurt the "girlish" Master Huo, but thinking if he hadn’t taken her place at school, that proud girl wouldn’t know what she’d have to go through today, the "girlish" Master Huo couldn’t help but darken his expression! 
At this moment, a high school boy in a school uniform ran up to her and stopped her: "Miao Miao, why did you come to school?" 
The "girlish" Master Huo squinted at him, seeing a delicate-looking boy, his gaze towards her seemed to hold pity, but as a man himself, the "girlish" Master Huo could see through his heart — this delicate boy was clearly despising her inside. 
Who is this delicate boy, that girl’s high school boyfriend?
###Chapter 1104: Chapter 1104: Xia Ye Zhao Completely Gives Up 4
Are high school students nowadays not focusing on their studies and instead starting early romances? 
Ha... Our dear Huo Lord from the Young Girl brand almost wants to write a report to the school, but considering the subject would be himself, that would look quite foolish. 
Seeing that Xia Miaomiao was completely ignoring him, the delicate-looking boy caught up with her and whispered, "You should rest more at home. During those days when you were abducted, I was really worried about you." 
Our dear Huo Lord from the Young Girl brand maintained a cool and indifferent expression, ignoring the delicate-looking boy all the way to the classroom. 
The originally lively classroom became instantly silent due to the arrival of our dear Huo Lord from the Young Girl brand. Everyone’s gaze towards her was a bit evasive and discreet yet sympathetic. 
Our dear Huo Lord from the Young Girl brand didn’t care about the looks from the other students. Xia Miaomiao had already told him on WeChat where her seat was. 
Our dear Huo Lord walked directly to Xia Miaomiao’s seat, sat down arrogantly, and casually flipped through a book, glancing at it. The handwriting was neat and tidy, pleasing to the eye. 
Just as he was looking, the girl in front turned her head suddenly: "Miao Miao, are you really Xia Yanyan’s sister?" 
Our dear Huo Lord didn’t say a word. 
She kept silent, but the girl in front didn’t stop chatting: "Xia Yanyan is too much. How could she have you abducted to a place like that? By the way, there’s a rumor at school now that you’ve been... were you bullied at all?" 
Our dear Huo Lord didn’t want to talk, but considering the girl’s reputation, he just threw out two words: "Nope." 
The girl in front obviously didn’t believe it: "It’s okay, you can tell me, I won’t spread it. I heard that those places are frequented by the rich and powerful. Did you meet any influential people there? I heard you were rescued by Huo Hanqing! Oh my, I was so envious when I heard that. Did anything happen between you and Huo Hanqing..." 
"Huo Hanqing isn’t interested in little girls!" 
Our dear Huo Lord’s icy voice dropped heavily. 
The girl in front rolled her eyes: "Why are you so angry, I was just asking, really can’t ask..." 
With that, the girl in front turned back around, no longer bothering him. noveldrama
At this moment, the delicate high school boy also came over and sat next to our dear Huo Lord, looking as if he wanted to say something but hesitated. 
Our dear Huo Lord glanced at the delicate boy, looks like they are desk mates? 
"Quiet!" A bespectacled female high school teacher entered, placed a pile of test papers on the podium, glanced in his direction, gave her a warm, knowing smile, and said, "The exam is about to begin, everyone should be serious and do well, as this will determine which class you’ll be assigned to." 
After speaking, the female teacher distributed the test papers. 
The female teacher was probably the class teacher of Xia Miaomiao. After handing out the test papers, she walked up to our dear Huo Lord: "Xia Miaomiao, are you alright?" 
Our dear Huo Lord nodded, acknowledging the high school female teacher’s concern. 
"Focus on your exams, don’t think about anything else. Bad things will pass eventually. Your top priority is to do well in your studies." 
Our dear Huo Lord got the test papers, glanced at them briefly. It had been a long time since he’d encountered high school test papers, but they didn’t seem difficult. For example, the Chinese test paper in front of him could be filled in casually without pressure. 
Even the handwriting was exactly the same as that girl’s. It seemed he didn’t need to worry. The documents she signed for her should have no problem in terms of handwriting. 
[An Ying: Updating ends here today, will continue tomorrow, muah muah, please ask for monthly votes, recommend votes]
Follow current novels on freewe(b)novel.c(o)m
###Chapter 1105: Chapter 1105: Master Huo Pleads to Regain His Body 1
On the other side, Xia Miaomiao finished signing a contract and checked the time. Right now, a certain someone should be taking an exam. 
She wondered if he would be all right? 
It was said that he was a top student back in middle school, skipping from seventh grade straight to ninth grade, and then from tenth grade directly to twelfth grade. Now this academic god was back in high school. Could he help her get excellent grades? She wasn’t sure. 
She could only silently pray in her heart, please, help me, I’ve got to get into the advanced class after the division!
The self-assured Xia Miaomiao finished the exam early. 
However, only thirty minutes had passed since the exam started, and the female teacher invigilating the exam looked at her in surprise, "Miao Miao, are you done already?" 
"Hmm." Xia Miaomiao’s voice was calm. After handing in the paper, she just wanted to get some air. noveldrama
The classmates scribbling furiously at their desks were all shocked. Was she giving up and just filling in the answers randomly to get it over with? 
Even the high school teacher thought the same, "Miao Miao, you should check your answers." 
"No need." 
After speaking, Xia Miaomiao walked straight out. 
In fact, Xia Miaomiao was also an alumni of this high school, the same place he once attended, and he hadn’t wandered around here in a long time. 
With nothing else to do, Xia Miaomiao strolled around and wandered to the school’s honor board, where he saw his two-inch photo and the glorious deeds written beneath it. 
On the board, there were other famous alumni, like his cousin Ye Junqing, Ye Shiting, Lawson Perry, and others... 
It seemed like this school was truly a hidden dragon and crouching tiger, who knows how many talents it had produced for the country. 
Xia Miaomiao didn’t return to the classroom until the second exam began. 
According to the exam schedule, two exams were in the morning and two in the afternoon, a total of four in one day. 
For every session, Xia Miaomiao handed in the paper early because he found that, even after years without touching high school exams, the questions were still as easy as child’s play... 
After the last exam, Xia Miaomiao sent a WeChat message to Xia Miaomiao: "Come to school to pick me up!" 
When Xia Miaomiao arrived in a luxurious car, everyone had already finished the exams and was walking out of the school, painfully reminiscing about the brutal exam schedule while flooding towards the snack street near the school gate. 
"Xia Miaomiao." 
A high school girl came up to Xia Miaomiao, "I’m Chen Shuangshuang from class 1-5. I’m just here to tell you that I’m Li Wu’s girlfriend now, and he’s broken up with you." 
Xia Miaomiao: "Who’s Li Wu?" 
Chen Shuangshuang was left embarrassed by Xia Miaomiao’s indifferent question, but she quickly recomposed herself and said, "You don’t need to pretend. Li Wu didn’t do anything wrong to you, but you... you ran away from that place. No guy would want you back after that. Li Wu felt too awkward to tell you himself, so I’m doing it for him. Don’t bother Li Wu anymore." 
Standing at the school gate waiting for the car, Xia Miaomiao ignored Chen Shuangshuang’s territorial stance, as if looking at her for one more second was a waste of his life. 
"Shuangshuang, don’t do this." A slim male high school student ran over and held Chen Shuangshuang. 
The slim male student was Li Wu, also Xia Miaomiao’s deskmate. 
Li Wu said, "Miao Miao, I’m sorry, Shuangshuang didn’t mean to upset you, but I... I..." 
Xia Miaomiao squinted at him; the boy was all twisted up even when breaking up, not a hint of decisiveness. She couldn’t fathom what Xia Miaomiao saw in this boy."
###Chapter 1106: Chapter 1106: Master Huo Pleads to Regain His Body 2
"This talk, not only does Li Wu dislike hearing it, but Chen Shuangshuang won’t listen either: ’Xia Miaomiao, who is unworthy of whom, don’t you have a clue in your own heart?’" 
The young lord Huo never had a habit of arguing with women, it’s beneath him, so he ignored Chen Shuangshuang. 
That posture, in the eyes of others, was boundlessly arrogant. 
Chen Shuangshuang nudged Li Wu: ’Look, you’re so cautious not to hurt her, but she thinks you’re not good enough for her at all. Maybe she already climbed up to the upper class on that island, huh!’ 
Li Wu’s eyes showed hurt: ’Miao Miao, I didn’t expect you to be this kind of girl.’ 
The young lord Huo took out his phone, checked the time, and sent a WeChat message: ’I’ll give you one more minute at most!’ 
He had already been standing at the school gate for half an hour, his life had never wasted so much time on such a boring matter, and now he had to watch two high school students fussing in front of him. 
’Miao Miao, did you really get... by those men exposed online, how could you be so shameless?’ Li Wu cursed, in disbelief that the innocent girl in his eyes was so filthy, how could they continue being desk mates? 
Chen Shuangshuang said: ’Li Wu, don’t be sad, her mother is just a shameless mistress, how clean could she be? Stay away from her in the future, or else I won’t even be able to eat dinner thinking about it.’ 
Thinking of Xia Miaomiao’s arrogant words, Chen Shuangshuang added: ’A filthy girl like her, probably no one will want her in this lifetime. Breaking up with her now is cutting your losses, don’t have any psychological burden.’ 
The guilt in Li Wu’s heart dissipated a lot with Chen Shuangshuang’s words. What he couldn’t bear now was that when Xia Miaomiao encountered that kind of thing, she didn’t preserve her reputation for him. At that time, she was still his girlfriend! 
’Hiss———’ 
A luxurious Bentley car came over at this moment, screeching to a halt in front of them. 
Huo Hanqing stepped out of the car, his presence instantly attracted many students’ attention. 
’Wow! Isn’t that god-like handsome man Huo Hanqing?’ 
’It seems like it’s him, I saw a picture of him in a news interview, oh my god, he’s walking towards Xia Miaomiao!’ 
’Whoa, he asked Xia Miaomiao to get in the car! Xia Miaomiao is so cool, she didn’t even put on a good face for Huo Hanqing, but Huo Hanqing wasn’t angry at all, he’s too doting, did something happen between Xia Miaomiao and Huo Hanqing on that island?’ noveldrama
’No wonder she said Li Wu isn’t good enough for her anymore. If I were chosen by Huo Hanqing, I wouldn’t look at Li Wu anymore either. I don’t even know what Li Wu and Chen Shuangshuang are proud of in front of her, like clowns!’ 
Huo Hanqing wasn’t aware of what had happened, and after respectfully inviting Xia Miaomiao into the car, she glanced once at Li Wu, standing with Chen Shuangshuang, not understanding the complexity in his eyes. 
At the moment, she had no way to greet Li Wu, she could only get into the car. 
The car roared away swiftly, just as it had arrived. 
Chen Shuangshuang became the laughing stock among classmates, she clenched her fists and pushed through the crowd: ’What are you looking at, selling your body to climb to the top, is it something to be proud of, and you guys are even envious, simply shameless, Li Wu, let’s go.’ 
Li Wu, however, seemed to have lost his soul, overwhelmed by a sense of humiliation as if something that belonged to him had been stolen away.
###Chapter 1107: Chapter 1107: Master Huo Pleads to Regain His Body 3
In the car, Xia Miaomiao in Huo Ye’s body anxiously asked, "How did you do in the exams?" 
The girl in Huo Ye’s body ignored her. 
"You didn’t flunk everything, did you? I’m telling you, I followed all your instructions and completed everything you asked me to do, so you better handle it. Otherwise, we’re not done!" 
The girl in Huo Ye’s body glanced at her coldly, "How are we not done?" 
"I..." 
Xia Miaomiao gritted her teeth, "Anyway, if my grades drop because of you, I won’t let you off!" 
Xia Miaomiao was feeling so frustrated. How many days had it been? Her body was still occupied by this cold man. Was she really never going back? She didn’t want to be a man! Even if this identity could let her be arrogant for a lifetime, she had the heart of a girl! 
"Oh, right, someone called you at noon, seemed like your cousin. He said to meet for dinner tonight. I wanted to decline, but he didn’t give me the chance and hung up, then sent the restaurant’s address." 
After saying this, Xia Miaomiao in Huo Ye’s body handed over the phone. 
The girl in Huo Ye’s body glanced at the call log, showing the name: Ao Ye Jun. 
The girl in Huo Ye’s body didn’t say anything, took out her phone, opened WeChat, and replied, "Can’t make it these days, I’ll treat next time." 
After sending the message, the girl in Huo Ye’s body began handling documents. He couldn’t rely on a girl to handle these things; the day’s work had to be done by himself. 
Still, the girl beside him was chattering away, very annoying. 
The girl in Huo Ye’s body handed back the phone that originally belonged to her, adding, "Listen to the recording, use the headphones." 
Xia Miaomiao in Huo Ye’s body didn’t understand what he meant, but obediently followed the instruction, and soon heard the voices of Chen Shuangshuang and Li Wu. 
It turned out that when Chen Shuangshuang and Li Wu came to make trouble at the school gate, Huo Ye pressed the record button, and now all that had happened was presented to Xia Miaomiao’s ears through the recording. 
The girl in Huo Ye’s body saw the girl sitting beside him, clenching her fists, looking incredulous. 
However, the girl in Huo Ye’s body was indifferent to girls’ heartbreaks, simply focusing on his own work. noveldrama
Xia Miaomiao in Huo Ye’s body wiped the corner of her eye hard, didn’t cry, but gritted her teeth, mumbling to herself, "Break up then, who cares, I didn’t like her that much anyway!" 
In high school romance, even holding hands was a bold move, usually just meeting for lunch in the cafeteria, neither passionate nor long-lasting. The girl in Huo Ye’s body told herself, "I’ll just find someone else to have lunch with in the future!" 
A boyfriend that can’t even go to the bathroom together during breaks isn’t much use! 
The girl in Huo Ye’s body rolled down the car window, letting the gentle breeze blow away the tears on her face... 
... 
Two days went by in a blur. 
During these two days, the girl in Huo Ye’s body had been exploring how to return to his own body, but unfortunately, without results so far. 
He couldn’t stay in Xia Miaomiao’s body, becoming a high school girl, attending classes in a childish campus every day. But, so far, he hadn’t found a way back to his own body, which made the girl in Huo Ye’s body really frustrated. 
Today, the exam results were announced and posted on the school’s bulletin board. 
Xia Miaomiao had already sent him several WeChat messages, asking about the exam results and which class he was assigned to.
###Chapter 1108: Chapter 1108: Master Huo Seeks to Regain His Body 4
Xia Miaomiao had already sent him several WeChat messages, asking about his exam results and which class he was assigned to. 
The young master Huo didn’t want to bother with this annoying girl at all, but he had no choice but to check the results board, otherwise his WeChat would be bombarded.
In front of the school’s bulletin board, many students were crowded around, checking their results and class assignments. Young master Huo hadn’t even walked in when he heard someone exclaiming. 
"Oh my god, how is it possible, Xia Miaomiao is the top student in the whole school this time? Her usual grades are only average, right? She’s never been the top before, did she perform that well this time?" 
"Could it be cheating? I heard she submitted her papers early in every subject. Did she know all the answers in advance? Otherwise, how could she get such a high score? Based on her score, she only lost eight points in Chinese, Math, English, Physics, and Chemistry? Even a genius can’t score that high!" 
"Cheating! It must be cheating! Did she climb into the headmaster’s bed?..." 
The increasingly malicious speculation spread among the onlooking students. At first, it was just someone joking, but then it spread like wildfire, turning into something that seemed real, like someone had personally seen the headmaster giving all the exam answers to her. 
With his hands in the pockets of his school uniform, young master Huo didn’t pay any attention to these voices. He was in his twenties, and arguing with a group of high schoolers was beneath him, so regardless of the rumors about him at the school over the past few days, he ignored them all. 
Essentially, these rumors weren’t even targeting him, but that pesky Xia Miaomiao. 
Young master Huo was naturally indifferent and didn’t intend to stand up for Xia Miaomiao at school. Helping her with the exam was already a blessing from her ancestors. noveldrama
After taking a photo of the ranking chart in front of the bulletin board and sending it to Xia Miaomiao, young master Huo was about to leave when, as he stepped out of the crowd, he encountered Chen Shuangshuang and the chairperson of the parent committee along with a few key members. 
Chen Shuangshuang pointed at young master Huo: "Chairman Wang, she’s Xia Miaomiao—the one who cheated to get first place in the grade this time!" 
Young master Huo glanced at the aggressive Chen Shuangshuang, amused: "Cheat? I wouldn’t stoop that low." 
"You still claim you didn’t cheat, when your usual exam results barely make it into the top hundred of the whole school, yet this time you got first place? If it weren’t for cheating, how could you score so high?" 
Chen Shuangshuang’s voice caught the attention of many gossip-hungry students. 
"Exactly, Xia Shuangshuang’s regular grades rank only average in the school, how could she get first in the whole school with that level?" 
"Did she cheat to become the top in the whole province? How dumb! As if everyone else has no intelligence. If you cheat, at least keep a low profile. Our school is already famous because of her, does it need to be even more notorious?" 
"..." 
Young master Huo chuckled: "I indeed forgot to keep a low profile. I just intended to score at an average level, but underestimated the level of students this year, accidentally snatched the first place." 
Upon hearing young master Huo’s words, Chen Shuangshuang raised her voice: "Chairman, you heard her, right? She admitted cheating right from her own mouth! Her usual results are quite ordinary; many times she’s been copying her deskmate. This time she copied even more ridiculously!" 
Young master Huo looked down at Chen Shuangshuang: "I just said I underestimated your level, not that I cheated. Chen, as a high school student, don’t you have even that bit of language comprehension?" 
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, will continue updating tomorrow! Kisses, please vote for monthly and recommended tickets]
###Chapter 1109: Chapter 1109: Master Huo Seeks to Regain His Body 5
"You!" 
Chen Shuangshuang couldn’t believe there was a girl as shameless as Xia Miaomiao in this world, caught and still refusing to admit! 
Chen Shuangshuang said angrily, "If you didn’t cheat, how could you score better than me?" 
"..." 
So, this girl who stole Xia Miaomiao’s annoying boyfriend was just having her pride hurt because she didn’t score as well as him? 
Several other female students who followed Chen Shuangshuang also joined her camp. noveldrama
The students gathered at the computer lab door also sided with Chen Shuangshuang. 
"Exactly, Chen Shuangshuang is recognized as the top girl in our school, always in the top fifty. Chen Shuangshuang has real talent and knowledge. If it weren’t for Xia Miaomiao cheating, her name would definitely be in the honors class roster instead." 
Apparently, Chen Shuangshuang was just one spot away from getting into the honors class, but unfortunately, because of Xia Miaomiao, she missed it. 
As long as it was confirmed that Xia Miaomiao cheated, and she was removed from the honors class slot, then Chen Shuangshuang could get in. 
"Chairman, Xia Miaomiao’s results can’t be compared to Chen Shuangshuang’s. There’s no way she could score better than her. She must have cheated! Quickly catch her! We study so hard, only to be beaten by someone through cheating. How can these placement exams be fair anymore?" 
"..." 
The students complained bitterly, and the parents’ committee also investigated Xia Miaomiao’s normal performance and confirmed that it was impossible for her to perform extraordinarily to become first. Without a doubt, this Xia Miaomiao had to have cheated. 
The chairman of the parents’ committee brought in the grade director and even the principal. After all, the placement exam was crucial for every student, and it couldn’t be handled carelessly. No cheating was allowed. The parents’ committee had to supervise the school to ensure a fair and just handling of the placement exam. 
The principal and grade director arrived quickly and promised the parents’ committee to thoroughly investigate the matter. 
"Student, please come with us to the office for an investigation." 
The young girl nicknamed Young Lord Huo felt annoyed but knew that her results were inconsistent with Xia Miaomiao’s usual performance. 
After thinking for a moment, Young Lord Huo deliberately put on a proud demeanor: "Who says that just because my usual grades are average, I can’t suddenly be first in the whole school? I’ve been diligently studying the Brilliant Teenage Girl Candy’s collection of high school intricate problems. After reading it, I suddenly felt a breakthrough and opened my meridians." 
What? Brilliant Teenage Girl Candy? 
The classmates immediately fell silent! 
Because, for contemporary students, Brilliant Teenage Girl Candy was truly a legend! 
Candy was a nickname given to a brilliant teenage girl. 
As for her real name, unknown; appearance, unknown. 
Over a decade ago, foreign media mocked that there wasn’t a single domestic university that made it to the global top ten, so Candy suddenly emerged, hacking into Harvard’s online classes across various disciplines. 
Fields like physics engineering, mechanical dynamics, bioengineering, human anatomy, astronomy, architecture, philosophy... 
Then, she would sit on a child’s chair, cross her legs, and openly give online classes to Harvard’s graduates! 
Fluent English, extensive knowledge, not only shocked Harvard’s graduate students but also had Harvard’s professors listening with great interest! 
In addition, Candy left a daily question on Harvard’s campus network for professors to solve, posting the answer the next day.
###Chapter 1110: Chapter 1110: Master Huo Seeks to Regain His Body 6
Besides, Candy left a question each day on the Harvard campus network, asking the professors to solve it, and published the answer the next day. 
The questions Candy raised were tricky and bizarre, all at the cutting-edge of various academic fields, which stumped the Harvard professors, and they could only wait for her to provide the correct answer the next day, exclaiming how they were enlightened. 
That year, Candy was only eight! 
It was said that the genius girl Candy, when she had nothing else to do, compiled a set of review materials for high school students, including a collection of key questions for the 30 days before the college entrance exam. A teacher from a certain school reportedly downloaded this collection from the internet, handed it out to the class for study, and during the exams, that ordinary class all got into Tier 1 universities, astonishing everyone! 
Chen Shuangshuang simply couldn’t take it: "Stop your silver-tongued talking! Principal, investigate her quickly!" 
The principal, matter-of-factly: "Student, please come with us for an investigation. Rest assured, the school won’t spare a wrongdoer, nor will it wrong an innocent person." 
The girl posing as Master Huo still mimicked Xia Miaomiao’s tone: "If you don’t believe it, give me a test paper to see if I can score well, won’t it be clear then? Chen Shuangshuang, if you think you’re better than me, we can compete, or bring the top ten students together to do the test, and see if I can’t outperform them." 
"Fine, let’s compete, do you think I’m afraid of you?" 
Chen Shuangshuang was confident that she would use her real abilities to show Li Wu that she was stronger than Xia Miaomiao! 
To find out if Xia Miaomiao had cheated, the principal and the parent committee agreed to this plan. 
The grade director quickly arranged for the first-year group teachers to find a set of mock exams and set up a classroom for Xia Miaomiao, Chen Shuangshuang, and the top ten students to take the tests on the spot. 
Many students crowded at the classroom door to watch the two take the exam, monitoring the whole process. 
Considering the time, only the science comprehensive and math were tested on the spot. noveldrama
After getting the math paper, Chen Shuangshuang was full of confidence. She was a top student, and exams were her forte; she immersed herself in solving the problems seriously. 
Just after finishing the multiple-choice questions, she suddenly heard the voice of the girl posing as Master Huo: "Teacher, I’ve finished this math test paper. Please give me the science comprehensive paper, my mom is waiting for me to go home for dinner." 
What? 
Not to mention that Chen Shuangshuang, who was planning to work on the fill-in-the-blank questions, was stunned; even the students outside the classroom expressed disbelief. 
"In such a short time, she finished a whole math test paper, could it be that she just filled it in randomly?" 
"This is too much, the principal gave her another chance to prove herself, and she’s treating it like a joke?" 
"..." 
The invigilating teacher, a young male teacher, walked up to the girl posing as Master Huo, disappointed: "Xia Miaomiao, please adjust your attitude..." 
Uh, but before the invigilating teacher finished speaking, the girl posing as Master Huo handed over the test paper. 
The invigilating teacher took a look; the test paper was already filled out, neatly arranged with elegant handwriting. Although it was unclear whether it was correct, it didn’t look like random doodling. 
Helplessly, the invigilating teacher handed over the science comprehensive paper to her, earnestly saying: "Do it well, check it several times after finishing. If you can’t prove your ability this time, you’ll be in big trouble; college entrance exam cheating isn’t a joke, understood?"
###Chapter 1111: Chapter 1111: Master Huo Seeks to Regain His Body 7
"Oh." 
After speaking, the girl prodigy, Huo Ye, buried her head and continued working on the questions. 
The invigilator handed the test paper to another math teacher for grading. Out of curiosity, he stood next to the girl prodigy, Huo Ye, watching her do the questions to see if she was filling them out randomly or doing them seriously, after all, this concerned the school’s reputation. 
The invigilator himself taught chemistry, so he stood by and watched her work on the chemistry section of the comprehensive science paper. 
Unexpectedly, she worked so fast. While the invigilator was still analyzing the type of question, she had already started answering, and by the time the invigilator confirmed the answer, she was already on the second question. This speed: "..." 
The invigilator was convinced. If anyone said this girl was cheating, the invigilator wouldn’t believe it at all! 
But in the next instant, the invigilator’s gaze at the girl prodigy, Huo Ye, was already shining brightly, as if he had discovered a rare treasure. 
Last night, when the girl prodigy, Huo Ye, was working on the comprehensive science paper, the other students in the top ten of the entire grade had just finished a math paper. 
After she finished filling out the entire exam paper, she stood up and handed it in. The other students in the top ten of the entire grade were instantly stunned! 
What the heck, a girl student, why is she being so arrogant, it’s definitely just random filling! 
The girl prodigy, Huo Ye, ignored the various looks from everyone. After handing in the paper, she packed up her pencil case and left the exam room. 
Outside the exam room, many supervising students watched her chic departing figure, their eyes going wide. 
"I have to say, this Xia Miaomiao seems more than just a little cool! If she were a guy, I’d definitely be smitten with her!" 
"Just don’t know how many points she can score. It seems the teacher is still grading the papers; let’s wait for the result." 
The grade head, who is also the math teacher, was grading the math papers. At this moment, he had already finished grading, and the result was astonishing. The grade head announced the score on the spot: Full marks in math! 
While the other eleven students hadn’t even finished the comprehensive science paper, the girl prodigy’s comprehensive science paper was already graded, also with an eye-opening score: Full marks in comprehensive science! 
"No way? This Xia Miaomiao, does she have to be this outrageous? Working so fast and still getting full marks? A top-tier prodigy, my eyes must have been blind before!" 
"Don’t argue with me anymore; from now on, Xia Miaomiao is the goddess in my heart!" 
"Xia Miaomiao is truly amazing. She was taken to such a place but not only saved herself but also helped the police destroy the island’s evil trade. From now on, Xia Miaomiao is my number one!" 
"..." 
Seeing everyone outside the exam room worshipping Xia Miaomiao, Chen Shuangshuang, who was still doing the papers inside, got increasingly restless and couldn’t concentrate on the exam. How could it be possible? She didn’t believe Xia Miaomiao suddenly became so amazing? 
But whether she believed it or not, she had no choice. She ended up being the last one in the whole room to finish, and her score was left in the dust by the girl prodigy, Huo Ye, eventually becoming a laughing stock among her classmates. 
... 
The night was not deep, marking the start of nightlife. 
The girl prodigy, Huo Ye, and the Huo Ye prodigy together walked into a restaurant, reserved a private room, and waited for Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang to come for the appointment. Previously, Ye Junqing invited Huo Hanqing to dinner, but Huo Hanqing turned it down. This time, it was Huo Hanqing treating. 
Ye Junqing walked in on the carpet, pulled open a chair for Ye Xingguang, letting her sit down first, then he sat down himself. Seeing that there was not only Huo Hanqing in the private room but also a girl with a slightly cold aura, he couldn’t help raising an eyebrow.noveldrama
###Chapter 1112: Chapter 1112: Master Huo Seeks to Regain His Body 8
"I heard you’ve been keeping this girl by your side lately. Why? Afraid someone will retaliate against her?" 
With Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao didn’t know what to say. Before Ye Junqing arrived, the girl was warned by Huo Ye to eat more and speak less. But now that she was being asked a question, not responding would seem very rude, wouldn’t it? 
After thinking for a moment, with Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao said, "Mm." 
One word. That shouldn’t give away anything, right? 
Ye Junqing chuckled, seeing that dishes were already brought to the table. He picked up the menu, ordered a few more dishes that Ye Xingguang enjoyed, poured himself a glass of wine, and another for Huo Hanqing, "What have you been busy with lately? I have to schedule a time just to get you to have a meal?" 
"My throat hurts, so I haven’t been drinking lately." With Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao tensed up at the sight of the wine glass. 
What if I get drunk and say the wrong thing? 
Ye Junqing didn’t seem to mind; he poured himself a drink and then brought up a new topic. 
Strangely enough, every topic he brought up was ended simply with a "Mm" from the cousin. 
Ye Xingguang curiously watched her half-sister. This sister seemed a bit cold, which was very different from the impression of her crying fiercely beside their sick father, fighting over family assets. However, Ye Xingguang didn’t pay much attention and casually brought up a few topics to avoid the meal turning silent. 
Yet, even the topics she initiated were coldly ended by her half-sister. 
By the end of the meal, everyone was just eating their own food without any chatter. 
Ye Junqing felt his cousin was acting a bit strange tonight. Sipping his wine and observing for a long while, he finally said something that shocked both Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao, and the girl playing Huo Ye. Even Ye Xingguang, busy with her food, couldn’t help but look up. 
Ye Junqing said, "Did you two exchange souls?" noveldrama
With Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao’s head shot up, looking at Ye Junqing with admiration. Is this notorious figure outside really so sharp-eyed to see through this? 
The girl acting as Huo Ye merely tensed her face, staying silent. 
Evidently, even she hadn’t anticipated that her cousin’s words would be so direct. 
Though neither answered, Ye Junqing had already confirmed his suspicions, "How long has it been?" 
With Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao reacted with a bit of excitement, "T-ten days." 
Ye Junqing sighed in relief, "Good, there’s still hope." 
The girl acting as Huo Ye heard her cousin’s tone, and her annoyed voice held a hint of expectation, "Cousin, do you have a solution?" 
Ye Junqing said, "If it had been more than a month, it would have been impossible, but since it’s only ten days, it should still be reversible. How did the exchange happen?" 
Ye Junqing no longer looked at Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao, but at his real cousin, the girl acting as Huo Ye. 
Yet, the girl playing Huo Ye didn’t speak. Instead, Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao, explained, "Struck by lightning, and then..." 
Ye Junqing: "..." 
With both hands clasped together, with Huo Ye’s persona, Xia Miaomiao pleaded, "Boss, can you help us switch back? Can you really? Please, I want to be myself again. I don’t want to be in someone else’s body even for a minute longer. You can’t imagine what I’ve gone through these days. I don’t even dare to drink water, afraid of going to the bathroom." 
"Shut up!" The girl acting Huo Ye couldn’t take it anymore! 
It’s as if he’s very happy occupying her soft, squishy body. The girl acting as Huo Ye shot Xia Miaomiao a cold glare. 
Ye Junqing said, "I can’t help, finish eating and come home with me. My dad has a way." 
[Author: That’s all for today’s update, more will be updated tomorrow, muah, asking for monthly votes, recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1113: Chapter 1113: Who Made You Angry? 1
On the way back, Ye Xingguang held Ye Junqing’s arm and admired him: "How did you figure out that their souls had swapped?" 
Ye Junqing enjoyed her admiration: "You’re not familiar with them, otherwise, you could have figured it out too." 
Ye Xingguang felt great being praised, thinking about how a lightning strike could make a man and a woman swap identities, she found it incredibly interesting. So, she was quite curious and gossipy, wondering how they would swap back when she got home. 
However, her father-in-law did not plan to satisfy her curiosity. After learning that his nephew Huo Hanqing and a girl had swapped identities, he called the two people aside, probably to switch them back, otherwise, the excellent nephew could only end up as Xia’s Family illegitimate daughter. 
Ye Xingguang wanted to follow, but her father-in-law wouldn’t let her. 
Helpless, Ye Xingguang could only wait for news in the villa. 
Today she and Ye Junqing went to take outdoor wedding photos. Having nothing to do, she sat on the sofa in the living room, took out the raw photos sent by the photographer, and showed them to her parents. 
Although they hadn’t been retouched, only raw photos, both of them looked good, so they still looked very beautiful. 
Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu went through each photo, finding each one beautiful. 
The little flower came up, with a sweet little mouth. 
Every photo was met with an exclamation: "Wow! Mommy is so pretty, Daddy is so handsome!" 
The cute little creature warmed hearts to the point where people couldn’t let go. 
When they had looked through almost all the photos, Ye Junqing finally came back. 
Ye Xingguang moved like a rabbit, handing the phone to Bai Lanwu, placing the daughter on the sofa, then went over to ask Ye Junqing: "How is it, did they swap back?" 
Ye Junqing nodded, following him closely was Huo Hanqing, obviously, he was back in his own body. 
Ye Xingguang looked behind the two of them: "Where’s Xia Miaomiao?" 
Huo Hanqing said: "I had the driver take her home." 
Finally back in his own body, Huo Hanqing felt relaxed. 
He and Xia Miaomiao didn’t have much interaction to begin with, only being forced together because of the body swap. Now, each returned to their place, naturally going back to their respective homes and families. 
"Cousin, can I use a guest room to take a shower?" 
Ye Junqing let him go ahead, and Huo Hanqing went to a guest room; he needed to take a thorough shower. noveldrama
Walking into the guest room, and entering the bathroom, Huo Hanqing took off his clothes and threw them into the dirty laundry basket. Before tossing the clothes, he habitually rummaged through the pockets and unexpectedly pulled out a note, not knowing what it was, he unfolded the note. 
[Thank you for helping me get into the honors class, thank you for rescuing me from that horrible place, thank you for taking care of me these past few days. If you ever need my help in the future, feel free to ask, though I guess you won’t need anything from me. The strong don’t seek help from the weak, but I still want to say thank you, goodbye.] 
Looking at the densely packed words on the note, Huo Hanqing pondered for a moment, said nothing, put the note away, and went to take a shower. 
Sitting in the car on the way home, Xia Miaomiao imagined this whole adventure. Despite previously wanting nothing more than to return to her own body, as the car got farther away, she inexplicably felt a bit of a loss. 
She didn’t even know what this sense of loss was, but she understood that she would have no further interaction with Huo Hanqing in the future. 
A sixteen-year-old girl, exposed as an illegitimate daughter of Xia’s Family, such an identity, if not for this adventure, would probably never have a second’s interaction with Huo Hanqing in a lifetime, right?
###Chapter 1114: Chapter 1114: Who Made You Angry? 2
Speaking of which, that man’s figure is really good. 
Hmm... what is she thinking about. 
Xia Miaomiao forcefully knocked on her own head to stop herself from thinking wildly. 
The driver dropped her off at the entrance of the community, and before Xia Miaomiao got out of the car, she saw her mother being chased out of the small villa. 
Xia Miaomiao immediately got out of the car and rushed over to stop the bodyguards who were evicting her mom: "What are you doing, what are you doing?" 
As soon as she finished speaking, someone threw their luggage out. 
Wang Zimei looked at Xia Miaomiao’s mother, Liang Qiaoyun: "In the future, don’t be cheap! Of all things, you chose to be a mistress." 
Xia Miaomiao wanted to rush over to argue with Wang Zimei but was stopped by Liang Qiaoyun: "Miaomiao, don’t be impulsive." 
"Mom! This is our home!" 
Now their luggage was thrown out of the villa, where would they live in the future? noveldrama
Wang Zimei looked at the mother and daughter: "Your home? This villa was bought for you by my husband, right? Spent with our marital property! It’s also my husband’s name on the property deed. Now, I’m just here to take back my own house!" 
After speaking, Wang Zimei said: "Lock the villa door, and from tomorrow, list it on an agency platform, sell the house for me!" 
Then, she got in the car. 
To take back another villa where a mistress lived, and yet another... 
She absolutely would not allow Xia Wealth to spend their marital property to support other women outside! 
Seeing Wang Zimei drive away, the villa they once lived in locked, Xia Miaomiao was furious, hugging her mother Liang Qiaoyun: "Mom, what do we do now, where do we stay tonight? We should find Dad to stand up for us!" 
"It’s useless. Ever since I gave birth to you, your dad didn’t want me anymore because what I gave birth to was not a boy." 
Liang Qiaoyun regretted it: "Back in the day, I was young and ignorant, thinking that clinging to Xia Wealth would bring me glory and wealth. Now it’s too late for regrets. He never changed the name on the property deed to mine, I knew I’d pay the price for my youthful greed, it’s just a pity that now, it affects you and mother suffering together." 
"But I’m his daughter, he can’t let me wander on the streets, I will find him, I will go to Xia’s Family now to find him." 
Liang Qiaoyun held Xia Miaomiao back: "Miaomiao, it’s useless, he can abandon Xia Qiongqiong, whom Wang Zimei gave birth to, without hesitation, let alone you? The year I got with Xia Wealth was exactly the year Xia Wealth threw his little daughter into the sea, I knew he wasn’t a sentimental man, in his eyes, we never existed, now that your illegitimate status has been exposed, for the sake of his family, he will care even less about us, otherwise, Wang Zimei’s maternal family won’t let him go. Now, Wang Zimei’s father is the President’s wife’s grandfather, Xia Wealth definitely won’t provoke them for our sake..." 
Xia Miaomiao looked at the home she could no longer return to: "Then what do we do?" 
Liang Qiaoyun: "We can’t afford to offend, but we can hide, Miaomiao, go to your grandparents’ house with your mom, okay? It’s just your studies... The tuition at Third School is too expensive, we can go to the town where your grandparents live, I’ll handle the school transfer for you." 
"Mom, what do you mean, I can’t continue studying in the Imperial Capital?" 
Thinking of Wang Zimei’s warning, Liang Qiaoyun said: "Miaomiao, let’s change schools, there are too many people gossiping about you in the Imperial Capital, the learning environment isn’t good, let’s go to a place where no one knows us and live a quiet life, it’ll be more beneficial for your studies."
###Chapter 1115: Chapter 1115: Who Made You Angry? 3
"Mom, I don’t want to. I’m doing well in Third High School, why should I go study elsewhere? I’ve been admitted to the advanced class, Mom, I want to study hard, I can’t go study at Grandma’s place, the resources there simply can’t compare with the capital. Mom, let’s think of a way to stay in the capital, okay?" 
But Wang Zimei’s warning was still ringing in her ears; Liang Qiaoyun didn’t dare to fight her, fearing she’d end up with nothing left. 
Xia Yanyan had sent Miao Miao to that kind of place, though it wasn’t successful, but in the future... Liang Qiaoyun didn’t dare to imagine. 
She was afraid her daughter would be harmed again in the future. 
"Miao Miao, be good, tonight we’ll take the high-speed train to your Grandma’s house..." 
"No." 
Xia Miaomiao took two steps back, shook her head, shook her head again, then turned and ran. 
She ran into the street, wandering aimlessly, not knowing where she could find a place to settle. 
Finally, exhausted from walking, she sat alone on a pedestrian bridge, holding her phone, hoping to find someone who could help her stay in this city. But after going through her phone contacts, she realized her social circle was only within the school; her friends were all just students themselves. Who could she find to help her? 
At that moment, her phone rang. Seeing it was her mother’s call, she hesitated for a long time and didn’t answer. 
Liang Qiaoyun sent her a WeChat: "Miao Miao, I can only think of one way for you to stay in the capital, answer the call." 
Seeing the WeChat message, Xia Miaomiao immediately called back: "Mom, what way?" 
Liang Qiaoyun said: "There’s a wealthy family in the capital with the surname Han. They have a son named Han Dongcao. Although he’s frail and sickly, he doesn’t mind that you’re young..." 
Upon hearing this, Xia Miaomiao’s mind exploded: "Mom, what do you mean? I’m only sixteen, I’m just in my first year of high school, and you want me... Mom, have you gone mad?" 
"Miao Miao, listen to me, if you want to stay in the capital, you must find a family that Wang Zimei wouldn’t dare mess with. The Han family’s influence in the capital should not be underestimated. If you move into the Han household, you can continue your studies and study well. Mom has already found out that Han Dongcao isn’t capable as a man, so even if you live in the Han household, you don’t have to worry about him bullying you, plus you won’t worry about food and drink, you can focus on your studies..." 
Xia Miaomiao couldn’t listen any longer and hung up the phone immediately. For the chance to stay in the capital to study, does she have to ruin her own youth? What was her mom thinking? noveldrama
Liang Qiaoyun sent another WeChat: "Miao Miao, listen to me, this is also to let you continue staying in the capital to study, otherwise, we really won’t be able to stay a single day in the capital. We can’t fight Wang Zimei. Mom found out that although Han Dongcao is in poor health, he’s a good person. He’s 28, a bit older, but older people know how to care. You can see him as a father figure supporting your studies, alright?" 
Xia Miaomiao couldn’t take it, she directly deleted her Weibo. 
Liang Qiaoyun sent another WeChat: "Mom has made contact for you. Normally, you might not even get such an opportunity. It’s because Han Dongcao saw in the news how you exposed the crimes on that devil’s island that he saw you differently and wanted to ask if you were willing. He’ll treat you like a child bride, won’t do anything to you, but will support your studies. When you grow up in the future, you can repay him..." 
"This is the only solution mom can think of. Mom has sent your birth details to the Han family?"
###Chapter 1116: Chapter 1116: Who Made You Angry? 4
Liang Qiaoyun acted quickly and delivered Xia Miaomiao’s birthdate characters to the Han family. When Han Chengbei heard that the family wanted to choose a child bride for his third brother, and that the candidate was the Xia’s family’s illegitimate daughter, he was furious. However, Han Dongcao himself was sitting calmly and composedly. 
"I’m a sickly man, do I really hope to find some noble lady? Just match my birthdate characters with Xia Miaomiao’s. Although she’s young, she’s both brave and resourceful. She managed to escape unharmed from that place and even helped the police destroy a criminal den. Marrying her to be my child bride would actually be wronging her." 
"No way!" The Han matriarch also disagreed, "At worst, we can choose another. With our Han family’s wealth, if we want to choose a daughter-in-law, the entire capital would line up for miles. How can we bring an illegitimate daughter from the Xia’s family into our home?" noveldrama
But the Han patriarch suddenly beamed with joy, "Xia Miaomiao’s birthdate characters are a perfect match with our Cao’er. They will make him healthy, it’s a fortunate match, good, good..." 
Everyone in the family was taken aback by this statement. 
The Han matriarch glared at her husband, "Perfect match? What perfect match? She’s just a sixteen-year-old girl. We don’t even know if she’ll grow up properly, and she’s an illegitimate daughter. People will laugh at us if we mention it. How can we have such a girl?" 
Han Dongcao set the matter, "Let’s go with her. I find her pleasing to the eye. I’ve also investigated; the child is not only brave and resourceful, but also a good student. She ranked first in the entire school in the last exam. I’ll keep her by my side and raise her as a daughter. If she knows gratitude in the future, she can accompany me through the second half of my life. If she doesn’t grow up well, I’ll take her as a daughter to enliven life. I like the healthy and lively spirit of young girls; it’s like a fresh start." 
Han Dongcao finished speaking, coughed twice, and returned to his room. 
Han Chengbei thought that his third brother must have gone mad, laying hands on a sixteen-year-old girl! 
Han Chengbei also went back to his room, crossed one leg over the other, and texted Ye Xingguang on WeChat, mentioning this incident. 
Ye Xingguang: "What are you saying? Your third brother wants to bring Xia Miaomiao home and raise her as a child bride? She’s still so young, she’s only sixteen! Your third brother!!!!" 
Han Chengbei: "I tried to advise against it, but couldn’t persuade him. It seems my third brother has taken a liking to Xia Miaomiao." 
Ye Xingguang: "Would Xia Miaomiao agree to this?" 
Han Chengbei: "I heard that Xia Miaomiao and her mom were kicked out of their original villa by Wang Zimei. It’s impossible for Wang Zimei to let the mistress and her daughter off, intending to drive them out of the capital. So, to stay in the capital, they might seize every opportunity." 
Ye Xingguang was aghast: "But she can’t possibly become a child bride, not at the tender age of sixteen!" 
Ye Junqing came downstairs after a shower, saw her face full of anger, and texting someone on WeChat while sitting on the sofa. 
"What’s wrong? Who got you so angry?" Ye Junqing sat down beside her. 
Ye Xingguang briefly recounted the incident.
Ye Junqing said, "Han Dongcao is in poor health, always sick. Having a sixteen-year-old girl as a child bride would surely ruin her." 
At this time, Huo Hanqing also came out of the guest room, heard their conversation, and frowned deeply. 
That pest, planning to become Han Lao San’s child bride, is she out of her mind? 
Huo Hanqing poured himself a glass of water, returned to the guest room, placed it by the bedside, and Mu Hanqing, unable to control his strong and slender hand, dialed Xia Miaomiao’s phone number. 
[An Ying: Updated up to here today, will continue updating tomorrow, muah muah~ Seeking monthly votes, seeking recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1117: Chapter 1117 Ruthlessly Disciplining Xia Yanyan 1
Late at night, Xia Miaomiao, helplessly wandering the streets, unexpectedly received a call from Huo Hanqing. 
As soon as the call connected, Huo Hanqing’s voice as cold as ice came through: "I helped you, and you think you can squander yourself and ride someone else’s coattails now?" 
Xia Miaomiao had just cried, and her voice was still a bit choked: "What are you talking about?" 
"You know exactly what I’m talking about! You can’t marry Han Dongcao." 
Xia Miaomiao was stunned. How did he know about this? And what right did he have to call and ridicule her? 
Feeling extremely wronged, Xia Miaomiao’s voice was sharp: "Do you think I want this? My mom and I were kicked out; now we don’t even have a place to stay! My mom’s identity must remain hidden; if I don’t find strong support, my mom and I won’t even have the ability to stay in the capital! I never want to be trafficked again. What else can I do? My mom says if I don’t get married, she’ll make me drop out and move with her to a town to study. What should I do if I don’t marry?" 
Huo Hanqing was taken aback by her shouting, just about to say something when the aggrieved girl had already hung up. 
No one usually hangs up on him casually. Huo Hanqing threw his phone heavily onto the bed. 
Turning off the light, lying down, Huo Hanqing thought about a certain girl who was willing to fall; he was so frustrated that he couldn’t sleep for half an hour. 
He’s not a masochist; if he can’t sleep, then he must solve the reason why he can’t sleep. 
The reason, isn’t it because a certain girl was willing to fall, making people frustrated? 
Then he would cut off the source of her willingness to fall! 
Thrown out of the house, having no place to stay, only to rely on selling herself to a sickly person? 
Heh... noveldrama
Brain as dumb as a pig! 
Huo Hanqing found Xia Miaomiao’s WeChat and sent a voice message: "I will support you to live steadily in the capital. If you fall willingly again, don’t blame me for ruining you!" 
A moment later, the girl replied with a voice message, her voice weak: "Really? What’s your condition?" 
"My possessions, I don’t allow anyone else to defile!" 
This was his reason for helping her! 
After sending it, Huo Hanqing added two more words: "Reply!" 
"Thank you." 
Seeing these two words, Huo Hanqing’s anger subsided. He took out his phone and called his secretary to have the secretary find her. 
Then, he sent her to an idle apartment he had in the city center. 
After confirming the driver found her and sent her to the apartment building, Huo Hanqing’s anger subsided, and weariness came over him. He told himself, it was just support for one more person; the Huo Group supported countless poor students every year, one more wouldn’t make a difference. 
Liang Qiaoyun followed her daughter into the high-end apartment, "Daughter, why did Huo Hanqing let us live in this apartment for five years, what intentions does he have towards you?" 
Just now, the secretary who brought them signed a five-year rent-free contract with them, allowing them to live there for five years. 
Thinking of the reason Huo Hanqing gave, Xia Miaomiao didn’t know how to explain, so she simply said: "I told him my situation, I pleaded with him, he said he’s willing to help me, to protect us, and let me continue my studies, provided I don’t marry Han Dongcao." 
"That still doesn’t make sense..." 
Xia Miaomiao raised her voice: "Because he’s a man filled with justice, just pulled me out of the fire pit, and wouldn’t want me jumping into another. Plus, Mom, I’ve decided, I’m going to sue Xia Yanyan, I swear I won’t be a decent person until she’s brought down!"
###Chapter 1118: Chapter 1118 Ruthlessly Disciplining Xia Yanyan 2
Liang Qiaoyun panicked, "Daughter, Xia Yanyan is like a national treasure, we can’t afford to provoke her..." 
Xia Miaomiao was unwilling, "Can’t afford to provoke her, does that mean I deserve to be trafficked by her? It’s not my fault for being an illegitimate child, is it? Did I choose to be born as a shameful illegitimate child? What right does she have to traffic me just because of my identity? I’m not going to sit and wait for death; I’m definitely going to sue her, even if I don’t win, I’m still going to sue!" 
After speaking, Xia Miaomiao walked into a room and locked herself inside. 
Thinking that she was just a shameful illegitimate child, subject to the whims of others without any guarantee of life, Xia Miaomiao felt very upset. She acknowledged that her mother destroyed someone else’s family and was morally indefensible, but what about her, what was her fault? 
Her only mistake was not learning the art of choosing a family well, being inferior from the moment she was born. 
In the middle of the night, she couldn’t sleep, so she searched online for lawsuit templates. She wanted to sue Xia Yanyan, the mastermind behind trafficking her! 
However, she was still young and was utterly confused about how to write a lawsuit. 
She posted a plea for help on Weibo: [Can anyone tell me how to write a lawsuit if someone trafficked me?] 
Ye Xingguang, having taken a shower, lay in bed. She had been following the situation of Xia Yanyan trafficking her illegitimate sister lately, and perhaps because she had also been wronged by Xia Yanyan in the past, she felt a measure of sympathy for this illegitimate sister. 
If she hadn’t given Xia Yanyan a taste of regret, she might not have faced these things. 
Ye Xingguang detested mistresses deeply and didn’t think there was anything wrong with them being driven away. Yet, opposing Xia Yanyan made them her allies, and she didn’t mind helping Xia Miaomiao by allowing her to sue Xia Yanyan. 
Later, when Ye Junqing brought her a glass of milk before bed, she asked, hugging her husband, "Honey, do you remember the lawyer you sent to deal with me when I won you at the civil affairs bureau? What was his name again?" 
Ye Junqing’s temples twitched slightly as he stared at Ye Xingguang. Was this a hint that she planned to settle old scores with him now? 
Ye Junqing reached out, ruffled her hair, and with a keen sense of survival, he said, "Want to buy a bag?" 
"No, I just want you to tell me the lawyer’s name quickly." 
Ye Junqing pulled her into his arms, "I’ll buy you a few more, the limited edition ones." 
"Oh, okay, you buy them then. Alright, back to the point, tell me the lawyer’s name." 
Ye Junqing: "..." 
They say bags cure all ailments, but was she still planning to settle scores tonight? 
"Wife, I was wrong." Ye Junqing earnestly confessed but didn’t forget to shift the blame, "At first, it was actually Fu Zhuo who asked Lawyer Xi to go to the civil affairs bureau. You know how he always likes to take initiative with good intentions that backfire. I’ll punish him later."
Ye Xingguang was on a totally different topic, "Oh, so, Lawyer Xi, right? By the way, do you still have his phone number?" noveldrama
Ye Junqing suddenly realized that she might not be planning to settle scores after all, and felt more at ease. With a relaxed tone, he twirled a strand of her hair around his finger, his voice faint, "What do you need Lawyer Xi’s number for?" 
Ye Xingguang said, "I saw Xia Miaomiao wants to hire a lawyer to help her write a lawsuit. She wants to sue Xia Yanyan, and I just want to do a good deed by introducing her to a good lawyer." 
So that’s how it is. Ye Junqing chuckled softly, "Alright, I’ll call Fu Zhuo and have him contact Lawyer Xi to handle Xia Miaomiao’s lawsuit."
###Chapter 1119: Chapter 1119 Ruthlessly Disciplining Xia Yanyan 3
A few days later, Xia Yanyan received a court summons. Xia Miaomiao had sued her. 
Recently, Xia Yanyan had been overwhelmed, with the internet full of denunciations against her, claiming she didn’t deserve to be a national treasure. Many even wrote petitions demanding that she be stripped of her title and that Xia Qiongqiong be reinstated as the national treasure. 
Congress decided to heed public opinion and hold a meeting this afternoon to discuss her case. 
The nation couldn’t tolerate her actions of trafficking underage girls and sending them to such places. 
If an explanation isn’t given to the public, the country will lose its people’s trust. 
The Congress meeting coincided with the weekend, and Xia Miaomiao led a protest at the Congress building entrance early in the morning, holding up signs. 
This young girl was quite determined; she vowed not to rest until Xia Yanyan was brought down! 
In just a few days, she had rallied many parents of trafficked young girls, stirring their emotions to join her at the Congress building with signs, marching and demanding justice from the country. 
Tang Zhou, with one leg crossed, was talking to Ye Junqing on the phone: "Brother Qing, don’t worry. I’m monitoring Weibo every day, ensuring the uproar about abolishing the national treasure doesn’t fade quickly. If the country doesn’t take a stand, I’ll keep it trending for a month!" 
His brother had instructed him to incite public sentiment and give Xia Yanyan a thorough lesson! 
Back when Brother Ting was running for President, Xia Yanyan dared to sabotage him. Their entire family had to band together and put on a show, and that grudge hadn’t been settled yet. Tang Zhou was not one to easily let go of grudges, how could he let Xia Yanyan off the hook? 
Even if Brother Qing hadn’t instructed him, Tang Zhou wouldn’t show mercy! 
Ha, with Junxing Weibo in his hands, doesn’t that mean the power of speech is his? 
Leng Chenmo walked in from outside, seeing him lounging with his leg up, laughed, "Let’s go, we’re running out of time." 
"Oh, oh." Tang Zhou put his long legs down from the desk and said into the phone, "Brother Qing, I have to go, I have something big today." 
Whatever Ye Junqing said on the other end, Tang Zhou was energized: "A major life event, taking wedding photos!" 
He couldn’t keep looking at the unedited wedding photos Ye Xingguang posted in the friend circle without having his own to share. He had decided, he was going to take wedding photos with his little partner, regardless of how they turned out, he needed to take action! 
Ye Xingguang was also following this issue. It was said that Congress would hold a meeting to discuss it, and there was an online national vote on whether or not to abolish the national treasure title. Without hesitation, she voted in favor! 
She realized how small-minded she was; seeing Xia Yanyan in a quagmire made her secretly happy! noveldrama
She also messaged her former colleague from the President’s press office, asking to be notified of the meeting’s outcome immediately! 
Then, she planned to take Xiao Huahua to Angel Kindergarten for schooling. 
The idea of going to kindergarten wasn’t brought up by her but was suggested by Xiao Huahua herself. 
Because her new playmate, the former President’s little precious, was currently attending Angel Kindergarten. 
Xiao Huahua wanted to play with her little friend, and for days had been crying and clamoring to attend Angel Kindergarten, even though she was already the CEO of the Superstar Group, leagues ahead of her kindergarten peers. 
However, after spending some time with her, Ye Xingguang figured out that Xiao Huahua was just a child after all, and her ability to become the CEO of the Superstar Group was largely because Little Galaxy had her back.
###Chapter 1120: Chapter 1120 Ruthlessly Disciplining Xia Yanyan 4
Since Xiaohua wants to attend kindergarten, Ye Xingguang will, of course, do whatever it takes to get her daughter in. 
Today is Xiao Hua Hua’s first day of school. 
Xiaohua has already put on her adorable little backpack, and she’s beyond excited about making new friends at kindergarten.
... 
At Angel Kindergarten, it’s Ye Xingguang’s first time dropping off her child. She had heard that kids usually don’t want their parents to leave on the first day and cry terribly, so she was prepared for Xiaohua to cling to her. But the story took a completely unexpected turn. 
As soon as Xiaohua entered the classroom, she forgot all about her, sprinting over to Xiaozhenxi and immediately started using her social skills, trying hard to make new friends. 
The kindergarten teacher came out smiling and said to her, "Miss Ye, don’t worry, this child is not shy at all." 
The teacher knew that this student, Yin Xiaohua, came from the underwater world and is now temporarily staying with Ye’s Family. 
The teacher only assumed that Ye Xingguang was Yin Xiaohua’s nominal guardian, but not her mother. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang did not explain and simply exchanged WeChat contacts with the teacher, got added to the WeChat parent group, and then left the kindergarten. 
In the WeChat parent group, she saw her sister-in-law Chang Danran, and her cousin-in-law Ye Tingnan, as well as her sister-in-law Yi Yujian. 
What a parent group this was, truly a gathering of remarkable individuals! 
Ye Xingguang proactively sent a message in the parent group: "Hello everyone, I’m Ye Xingguang, and the little friend I’m guarding, Yin Xiaohua, has now joined this class. Please take care of her." 
Chang Danran: "Xiaohua is going to school too? In the same class as Xiaoman?" 
Ye Tingnan: "Xiaozhenxi told me they’re in the same class as Xiaohua from now on." 
Yi Yujian: "I’ve already spoken to Ye Qinghan to have him look after Xiaohua at school." 
Ye Xingguang: "Thank you, thank you." 
The teacher also spoke up in the family group chat. 
This parent group was quite active, though no parent tried to flatter the teacher. Probably because the parents’ status was too high to be reachable, the teacher was particularly approachable and would occasionally post photos of the kids in the classroom to the group. 
After making enough of an appearance in the family group, Ye Xingguang privately messaged Yi Yujian. 
Ye Xingguang: "Sister-in-law, can Xia Yanyan be removed from the position of national treasure?" 
Yi Yujian: "That’s hard to say. Shi Ting said that abolishing the national treasure is a huge matter, not easy unless there’s a new national treasure that would make the senators see Xia Yanyan as replaceable. Otherwise, for the national interest, they will keep Xia Yanyan." 
Ye Xingguang: "National interest? The netizens have already despised her to this extent, do you think she can still represent national interests?" 
Yi Yujian: "Sister-in-law, you know, public attention on an issue doesn’t last long, but as a national treasure, Xia Yanyan brings a lot of benefits to the country every year. Losing the national treasure might not be worth it." 
Ye Xingguang: "I understand." 
In the end, compared to the huge benefits Xia Yanyan brings to the country, her involvement in criminal activities is insignificant! 
No matter how bad Xia Yanyan’s behavior gets, she’s still the country’s only mermaid, a tool that can be leveraged for interests at the United Nations negotiating table. Xia Yanyan remains that money-making machine, and sensible politicians wouldn’t give up on it. 
Unless there’s a better substitute, like Xia Qiongqiong! 
In that case, she wouldn’t mind letting the country know that they have better options. 
[An Ying: This is the update for today, it will continue tomorrow, kisses, asking for monthly votes, asking for recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1121: Chapter 1121: Ye Xingguang was titled as National Treasure 1
Ye Corporation, CEO’s Office. 
Fu Zhuo knocked on the door and came in, placing a video in front of Ye Xingguang: "Sir, take a look at this." 
Ye Xingguang was reviewing documents, slightly displeased by the interruption. He ignored Fu Zhuo and only after finishing the documents in his hand, he took the phone Fu Zhuo handed over and opened the video. 
The sound of waves appeared in the video, then an expanse of ocean; the azure water and sky put one in an extraordinary ease of mind, but no matter how beautiful the scenery, it’s just scenery, nothing worthy of Ye Xingguang’s particular attention. 
Until a monologue sounded in the video: "I am Xia Qiongqiong, Qiongqiong who stands alone."
Ye Xingguang leaned back, continuing to watch the video, seeing the back of a girl walking on the beach, a white silk scarf held high in her hands, floating in the breeze, like her flowing hair, giving her a half-concealed appearance. 
So beautiful, incredibly beautiful... 
He thought, no man could see such a beautiful, half-concealed figure without being moved. 
"I don’t know what meaning my parents had in giving me this name at first. Perhaps when I was born, I didn’t meet their expectations, or maybe they thought an ugly mermaid like me was destined to live a life unsupported, lonely forever..." 
In the video, her back was no longer visible, leaving only footsteps leading into the ocean on the sand. 
Chasing after the footprints gradually revealed her long, slender legs, enough to captivate any man... 
"I know my parents have been looking for me, hoping I would return to Xia’s Family, to acknowledge my roots. I don’t know if it’s out of guilt, trying to make amends? Maybe, I’m not sure, perhaps it’s just the thought that I would bring honor to Xia’s Family, but I always remember, when I was six, at the verge of illness, on the brink of death, my mother, my father, and my sister united to exile me, at the time when I needed my family’s love most, they gave me a remarkable lesson in life." 
In the video, those beautiful legs walked step by step into the ocean, submerged in the water, then transformed into an even more mesmerizing mermaid tail... noveldrama
Soon, she sank into the sea, disappearing. 
After a while, the camera zoomed out, deeper into the ocean, a beautiful mermaid leapt out, splashing countless droplets, though distant, the mermaid in the lens was stunning enough to take a man’s breath away." 
Ye Xingguang clenched the phone tightly, what was this girl doing, openly inciting men online to go after her in madness? 
This was a treasure meant for him alone to cherish, and now she had posted the video on Weibo. Who knows how many men would fantasize about her watching this video, absolutely "fickle"! 
"I don’t know what fatherly love is, nor do I understand motherly love, much less what sisterhood means. Is it donating her my bone marrow, only for her to send me to die? If it wasn’t for my big brother, loving and caring for me since childhood, I think, at the moment I was set free in the ocean, I would have turned dark, bent on revenge against the society..." 
"I once had a very hard time in the sea, a six-year-old gravely ill girl, surviving alone amidst treacherous waves and dangerous tides. I remember those countless stormy nights, crying cowardly, shouting helplessly... yet all that answered me was rumbling thunder..."
###Chapter 1122: Chapter 1122: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 2
"Have you ever heard of the Phoenix Nirvana? I don’t dare to arrogantly claim that I am a phoenix, but my adoptive parents gave me a rebirth, planting a seed of love in my young heart that was about to darken, teaching me what warmth is..." noveldrama
"I want to thank them, thank them for pulling me back from the path of darkness, thank them for raising me, thank them for transforming me, like a phoenix undergoing nirvana." 
"I know many people are looking for me, you want me to appear on the screen, you want me to become a source of pride for the nation, you want me to become a national treasure admired by all, but, what is a national treasure anyway?" 
"Have you ever thought about this?" 
"In my understanding, a national treasure is not merely a rare animal or a collection worthy of the nation’s preservation, it’s priceless because of its rarity, precious because of its value, and desirable because of its beauty..." 
"Yes, a mermaid must be beautiful first, therefore regarded as priceless, but is beauty alone enough?" 
"But I believe, a national treasure should not just be a priceless treasure, it should also be a symbol and pride of the nation. I personally don’t think I have the ability to become a national treasure yet, because I am just an ordinary girl who became a rare mermaid because of the nation’s mermaid program. On the path to becoming a national treasure, I think I have a long way to go..." 
"If you think, as long as a beautiful mermaid can become a national treasure, then Xia Yanyan has already achieved it, there is no need for another me." 
"If you agree, that a national treasure also needs a higher sense of social responsibility, a heavier sense of mission, please wait for my growth..." 
"One day, I will become your pride, rather than... heh, the disgrace of the nation..." 
The video suddenly cuts off here, the last ’heh’ word is truly the highlight of the entire video, a blatant irony directed at Xia Yanyan, seemingly polished on the outside but hollow within, a disgrace to the nation! 
After Ye Xingguang finished watching the entire video, he found that this video could not be posted from Tang Zhou’s Weibo account, after Tang Zhou posted it, he tagged ’A Slacker Fish’ at the end. 
He didn’t really want his little mermaid tail to become the of national infatuation, but Ye Xingguang still casually reposted this Weibo. 
No choice, his wife had to appear under the identity of Xia Qiongqiong, telling the nation that country A doesn’t just have Xia Yanyan as a mermaid, he could only let his wife become a mysterious enchantress in the eyes of men. 
This girl said so much, in reality, she just wanted to make her presence felt; this mysterious presence tells the nation that even if Xia Yanyan’s status as a national treasure is abolished, the nation will not lack a national treasure. 
Then, Ye Xingguang clicked on ’A Slacker Fish’, finding it was a newly registered account, already officially verified. 
Officially verified information: Wants to become your pride.
This official verification, although it had no name, could clearly be seen at a glance, it was Xia Qiongqiong! 
This girl... 
Ye Xingguang followed ’A Slacker Fish’, but he wasn’t the first follower because, within twenty minutes of this account’s registration, it already had over a million followers, absolutely viral! 
Ye Xingguang watched for a while, pondering. Since little mermaid tail was determined to take on Xia Yanyan, he had no reason not to add fuel to the fire. 
Soon, several prominent accounts continuously released different videos.
###Chapter 1123: Chapter 1123: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 3
Those videos, who knows where the big accounts got them from, have quite a large span. 
Take this video for example, it happens right after one of Xia Yanyan’s concerts ended. In the previous second, Xia Yanyan lowered her car window, warmly waved goodbye to fans, but as soon as she closed the window, she immediately put on a sour face and threw a fit inside the car, complaining about several fanatics who shouted "I love you" at the concert, making her so disgusted she wanted to vomit! 
This video has perspectives both inside and outside the car. Some netizens, after seeing the video, practically worshipped the person who filmed it, calling them the "eye of God". 
Many fans who still really liked Xia Yanyan almost broke down after seeing this video. 
They genuinely liked Xia Yanyan, but she turned out to be two-faced, closing the car door and showing such an attitude, hurting the fans’ hearts. 
For instance, this video takes place in a hospital, Xia Yanyan sitting on a hospital bed, eating imported fruits, while her assistant is on the phone. It seems the call is from the National Treasures Committee, inquiring about Xia Yanyan’s condition. 
Her assistant fiercely scolded the music critics on the call, who criticized Xia Yanyan’s music for making no progress, and said Xia Yanyan was so angered by the criticism that her old illness flared up, making her suffer to death on the hospital bed, insisting that the National Treasures Committee must properly reprimand those people. 
After the assistant hung up the call, Xia Yanyan lay leisurely on the bed enjoying life, saying as long as the National Treasures Committee exists, no one should dare to bully her, anyway, those fools in the Committee don’t know whether she’s really sick or faking it... 
Staff at the National Treasures Committee were left speechless with anger when they saw this video online. 
They genuinely wanted to protect national treasures, which is why they joined the Committee as civil servants, only to find out the person they sincerely protected was mocking them behind their backs, leading to utter disappointment. 
An example of such video...
Many short videos, spreading across the internet, all reveal the unknown side of Xia Yanyan, completely shocking people. 
These short videos were all extracted from the Zhiyu System by Xiao Yinzong, an inexhaustible supply... 
Over the past twenty-plus years, Xia Yanyan’s two-faced side has been plentiful, too much to catch up with. 
Many netizens, having seen Xia Yanyan’s unknown side, were utterly disappointed with her. 
"I’ve truly liked Xia Yanyan for so many years, I didn’t expect her to have such an ugly facade behind the scenes. Am I the only one wanting to unfollow Xia Yanyan and become a fan of Xia Qiongqiong?" 
Under this Weibo post, many people commented: 
"You’re not alone, I’ve already unfollowed and unfriended Xia Yanyan, welcome to Xia Qiongqiong’s fan club." 
"We’re continuing our joint appeal, the petition to Congress to remove Xia Yanyan from her National Treasure status has been issued, click the link to sign your name and represent justice in eliminating Xia Yanyan!" 
"Successfully unfollowed Xia Yanyan, from now on I’ll focus solely on loving Xia Qiongqiong, she’s truly super gorgeous, I’m in love!" 
"You upstairs siblings, you haven’t even seen her face." noveldrama
"Am I mesmerized by her face? A vague silhouette is enough to crush Xia Yanyan, alright? Although she says the National Treasure shouldn’t only be about beauty, I’m just that shallow, I fell in love with her silhouette, fell in love with her leaping out from the sea, I’m obsessed with her, from now on, I’m her ultimate fan!" 
"Strongly urge the state to recognize Xia Qiongqiong as a National Treasure! Even if she doesn’t want to step into the spotlight, it doesn’t matter! I’m going to start a petition, link attached..."
###Chapter 1124: Chapter 1124: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 4
"She must have been hurt so deeply that she doesn’t want to reveal herself. But it’s okay, I can wait. I will heal her when she is ready to face the public!" 
"The music she composed is simply amazing. I’ve been a fan of hers for a long time. Now that she finally opened a Weibo account, I’m so excited I could cry. We must all love her dearly..." 
"Ahhh, our precious Qiongqiong really has no ambition at all, she just wants to be a salted fish. No way, we have to make an effort to warm her heart and let her know that she doesn’t need to grow more. She’s the national treasure in our hearts, even better than Xia Yanyan..." 
"I’m so heartbroken for her. May the people who abandoned her explode on the spot, and may those who took her bone marrow and pushed her into hell explode on the spot!" noveldrama
"..." 
Xia Yanyan was also at home browsing Weibo. Seeing so many netizens abandon her and turn to Xia Qiongqiong’s embrace made her almost explode with anger! 
But no matter how furious she was, her Weibo followers plummeted by five million in just half an hour, and the number continues to drop... 
Xia Yanyan didn’t even dare to yell or curse loudly now. She’s been paranoid lately, feeling as if a pair of eyes are constantly watching her. Otherwise, where were those videos taken from? 
Those videos were simply impossible for anyone to shoot. Could it be the eye of God? 
She felt anxious and uneasy, living in constant fear every day. 
At this time, Harry Perry also posted a Weibo message: "With the President’s approval, I have broken off the engagement with Xia Yanyan. From now on, may we each be well." 
Seeing this Weibo post, Xia Yanyan was dumbfounded. What did Harry Perry mean by this? He didn’t want her anymore? 
Xia Yanyan immediately called Harry Perry, but unfortunately, she received the following message: "Sorry, the number you have dialed is temporarily unavailable. Please try again later..." 
No matter how many times she called, this was the sound she heard. 
Harry Perry had already blacklisted her. The entire Perry family advised him to cut his losses in time. Harry Perry wasn’t foolish. Xia Yanyan had already gained notoriety. Even if he still harbored some feelings for her, this had to be the end. Otherwise, the Perrys would be implicated by her in the future. 
His brother, Lawson Perry, still wants to continue competing for the position of President in the future. The Perrys can definitely not have such a scandalous female member. 
Harry Perry held his phone, watching the "salted fish" video, and the more he watched, the more he liked it. This Xia Qiongqiong was the real treasure. 
What a pity... 
His brother told him not to obsess over Xia Qiongqiong. 
Because Xia Qiongqiong was very likely Ye Xingguang, who is also the Queen of the Seas, Muya Jiushu. 
What kind of good luck does Ye Junqing have? 
Harry Perry couldn’t help wanting to turn into a sour lemon. 
... 
Envied by others, Ye Junqing finished his day’s work early, then relaxed and lay in the office to let Mr. Nan proceed with the next therapy session for him. 
Lately, the thing he looked forward to the most was Mr. Nan erasing the false memories from his mind and letting him remember the true memories. 
Mr. Nan treated him for nearly an hour again. During this hour, Ye Junqing closed his eyes, half-asleep and half-awake. 
His mind filled with many more memories of Little Fish Tail, such as when Little Fish Tail was pregnant for the first time, during her junior year in college. 
When she was pregnant, her morning sickness was extremely noticeable, and the first three months were sheer torture. 
At that time, he didn’t know what precautions to take when a girl was pregnant. So he bought many books to learn how to be a good dad, and even secretly enrolled in a dad-to-be class to study...
###Chapter 1125: Chapter 1125: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 5
Finally, he lived up to expectations and received the title of an outstanding student in the Dad Class. 
Later, Xiaoyuwei gave birth to a boy; it was a rapid labor. 
When she felt the pain in her belly, he carried her to the hospital, but on the way to the hospital, she gave birth to the child. 
He had even booked an anesthetist in advance, and spent more than half a month studying whether it should be a natural birth or a cesarean section. The best obstetrician was on standby, but in the end, the child was delivered in the car by him, taking less than twenty minutes. 
After Mr. Nan completed a course of treatment for him, Mo Yinhe strutted boldly into Ye Junqing’s office, wanting to discuss the construction of the space base with him. 
As soon as Mo Yinhe walked in, the look that fell on him from Ye Junqing’s face was full of love. 
That gaze was absolutely different from usual, the keen Mo Yinhe could immediately sense that at this moment, in Ye Junqing’s eyes, he was like a little angel! 
"What’s up?" Mo Yinhe, the little boss, raised his little head and looked at Ye Junqing in confusion. 
After sending Mr. Nan out, Ye Junqing returned to the office and picked up his son, a wave of self-moved emotion surged from the bottom of his heart: "Dad just remembered, when you were born, I didn’t let your mom suffer, and it was dad who personally delivered you." noveldrama
Seeing Ye Junqing’s excited appearance, Mo Yinhe, the little boss, kept a serious face, not understanding what there was to be excited about. 
The little guy echoed with a dismissive, "Oh!" 
The little guy’s perfunctory attitude didn’t affect Ye Junqing’s self-moved feelings. He carried his son back to the throne behind his desk, placing the reluctant son on his lap. 
"At that time, you weighed only six and a half pounds, born in the middle of the night. Your mom had belly pain in the middle of the night, and I took her to the hospital, but you were born on the way. At that moment, there was a brilliant galaxy in the sky, and your mom said you looked like me, even better than the Milky Way, so Dad named you Ye Yinhua. Son, when will you change the surname?" 
Mo Yinhe, the little guy, sat expressionlessly in Ye Junqing’s arms, pursing his cool little lips: "I never agreed!" 
Why change the surname? 
He just liked being called Mo Yinhe. 
At this time, the communication ring on Mo Yinhe’s finger lit up, and the little guy answered the call. 
On the holographic virtual screen, even before seeing Xiaohuahua’s figure, her voice came through, "Waa..." Xiaohuahua was crying, crying so loud that it shook heaven and earth, astonishing both father and son. 
Ye Junqing’s face turned serious, what happened, who bullied his daughter? 
He knew it was his daughter’s first day at school, could it be that the kindergarten kids bullied her? 
Mo Yinhe, the little boss, was more direct: "Who hit you?" 
"Boohoo, Mo Big Pig, boohoo..." Xiaohuahua just cried and didn’t speak. 
Mo Yinhe, the little boss, immediately jumped down from Ye Junqing’s arms, taking large strides with his small legs towards the door: "Stop crying, you look ugly when you cry, I’m going to avenge you right now." 
Little Xiaohuahua was still crying: "Boohoo, Mo Big Pig, come quick, boohoo, what should I do..." 
Ye Junqing’s strides were larger than Mo Yinhe’s, quickly catching up with his son, picking him up, and striding towards the elevator. 
In the elevator, Mo Yinhe, the little boss, opened the Healing System APP.
###Chapter 1126: Chapter 1126: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 6
Mo Yinhe wanted to check the surveillance to see who exactly bullied Xiaohua. 
This afternoon, the kindergarten had a swimming class with a professional coach teaching the children swimming. On the surveillance screen, all the children were playing with hula hoops in the water, except Xiaohua was crying loudly in the water. 
Ye Qinghan, Yan Zhenxi, and Xiao Man surrounded her, appearing to comfort her. 
There were also other kids blocked by the three little guys from getting close, peeking at Xiaohua. 
Mo Yinhe zoomed in on the holographic screen to see where Xiaohua got hurt or hit, but upon enlarging the image of Xiaohua on the holographic screen, his cold little face was utterly astonished. 
Not to mention Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing CEO was shocked, even the big CEO Ye Jupiter, who saw it on the holographic screen, was stunned for a long time without blinking. 
On the holographic screen, Xiaohua was in the water, but her lower body unexpectedly had a small fish tail. 
A fish tail? 
They all knew that Xiaohua never had a fish tail before, even after living underwater for years. She clearly wasn’t a mermaid, but now her legs turned into a small fish tail, what was going on? 
Xiaohua was frightened by her suddenly emerging small fish tail. The slippery little fish tail swayed in the pool, leaving Xiaohua in a panic, so she cried loudly! 
Many children wanted to gather around to look at her small tail. Fortunately, Ye Qinghan and Xiao Man guarded her, not giving other children a chance to get close. If anyone dared to approach, the two little boys would glare fiercely. 
Ye Xingguang received a call from the kindergarten teacher, and she rubbed her ears hard: "Teacher, what did you say, Xiaohua appeared with a mermaid’s tail?" 
"Yes, Miss Ye, this student Yin Xiaohua turns out to be a mermaid? I heard there’s a mermaid world underwater, and I didn’t expect that Yin Xiaohua would be one too, but she’s quite agitated and has been crying. Can you come to school?" 
No, Xiaohua isn’t a mermaid, is the teacher kidding? noveldrama
Ye Xingguang hung up the phone half-doubting. At that moment, she was with Tang Zhou, who also heard the phone call and excitedly jumped up: "Little Xingguang, what did the kindergarten teacher say, Xiaohua is a mermaid? Ooh ooh ooh, turns out she is your kind!" 
Ye Xingguang didn’t bother responding to Tang Zhou. She had to rush to the kindergarten to see what on earth happened. 
The children in the kindergarten were still gathered at the pool, watching the sobbing Xiaohua. The kindergarten teacher wanted to go into the water to pick her up, but Xiaohua didn’t let anyone get close. The teacher had no choice but to stand in the water and comfort her, saying that someone would come to pick her up soon. 
The children in the kindergarten were all curious babies and really liked little mermaids because they had been exposed to lots of mermaid comics, cartoons, dolls, and so on since they were young. 
"Teacher, why is Yin Xiaohua a mermaid?" 
The teacher patiently answered, "Because she is a mermaid." 
Such a perfunctory answer didn’t seem to bother the kids, who were enviously saying, "Yin Xiaohua is so beautiful, teacher, can I touch Yin Xiaohua’s fish tail? I won’t hurt Yin Xiaohua; I’ll just touch it once." 
"No!" Ye Qinghan and Xiao Man said in unison.
###Chapter 1127: Chapter 1127: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 7
The teacher also said, "Classmate Hua Hua is coming to school for the first time today, and she’s not familiar with everyone yet. Now, Hua Hua is scared, so how about everyone goes back to the classroom?" 
Many students wanted to say no; they really enjoyed staying in the swimming pool with Yin Xiaohua. However, the teacher said, "Classmates, now everyone come ashore, let the teacher take you for a shower, and then we’ll go to the classroom for art class." 
However, Ye Qinghan, Yan Zhenxi, and Xiaoman did not leave. 
Thinking that Yin Xiaohua got along well with these few kids, the teacher allowed the three to stay in the pool with Yin Xiaohua. 
There are many teachers in the kindergarten, with three teachers in one class. Two teachers were responsible for the other students, leaving one teacher by the poolside to accompany the few kids. 
Yan Zhenxi, holding a hula hoop, lightly touched Yin Xiaohua’s little arm: "Hua Hua, don’t cry, Mo the Big Pig will be here soon." 
Yin Xiaohua was frightened. Her mermaid tail was pearl white, with tiny scales no bigger than a little fingernail, shining uniquely in the light, very beautiful, but little Hua Hua had never experienced such a thing before. 
She had been swimming fine in the pool when suddenly her little legs felt especially itchy, itchier and itchier, and finally, her two little legs disappeared, transforming into a mermaid tail she couldn’t even comprehend herself. 
Yin Xiaohua couldn’t figure out why she suddenly had a tail. 
Ye Qinghan reached over and rubbed her panicked little head: "Don’t be afraid, our brother is coming soon. Didn’t you call him? There’s nothing our brother can’t solve." 
Xiaoman also said, "Little Hua Hua, I’ll protect you. Don’t cry, your eyes are all swollen from crying. Isn’t it beautiful like this?" 
Yin Xiaohua didn’t know if it was beautiful, maybe she was tired from crying, she sobbed sporadically a couple of times and didn’t wail anymore. 
However, she was uncertain: "Is it really beautiful?" 
Yan Zhenxi said, "Of course, super beautiful. Even more beautiful than Princess Kaqite in the cartoon. You can transform like Princess Kaqite, and in the future, you’ll represent justice and defeat the wicked witch." 
Princess Kaqite is from a mermaid cartoon. Normally, she’s an ordinary little kid, but when villains try to destroy the earth, Princess Kaqite jumps into the water to become a mermaid warrior who protects the earth. Yan Zhenxi loves watching it. 
Influenced by Yan Zhenxi, little Hua Hua has recently been watching this cartoon too, and suddenly felt like she was also a mermaid warrior. 
Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang arrived at the kindergarten simultaneously, and by the time they walked in step into the swimming pool, little Hua Hua was already beaming with joy, swimming happily in the pool, looking extremely delighted. 
The kindergarten teacher approached and said, "Mr. Ye, Miss Ye, it’s all fine now. Yin Xiaohua is no longer crying." noveldrama
However, the gaze of Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang fell on the beautiful little white mermaid in the pool, wondering how it could be nothing. Little Hua Hua had turned into a mermaid; is this the result of inheriting her genes? 
Logically, if she inherited her genes, she should’ve been a mermaid from birth. Why is her mermaid tail only appearing now? This doesn’t make sense! 
At this moment, even Mo Yinhe, who is typically unflappable, was stunned. The little guy stood by the pool, puzzled as he watched little Hua Hua in the pool giggling.
###Chapter 1128: Chapter 1128: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 8
When there were outsiders present, little Hua didn’t call Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang dad and mom. But in the water, she excitedly wagged her little fish tail and bragged to Mo Yinhe, "Mo Big Pig, do you think I’m beautiful?" 
"Come here." Mo Yinhe beckoned to her from the edge of the water. 
Little Hua obediently swam over. 
Mo Yinhe squatted down, extended his hands from the shore, and with effort, hoisted little Hua out of the water by her armpits. 
Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing both felt exhausted just watching, wanting to take over their son’s task. Ye Xingguang walked over with a big bath towel, wrapped their daughter up directly, and carried her away from the kindergarten, back to the car before setting little Hua down. fre ewe bnove l.com
Little Hua’s beautiful pearl white tail had transformed into two chubby little legs. Ye Xingguang dried her off and dressed her in dry clothes, then took off her waterproof cap and retied her ponytail. 
Once they were all settled, Ye Junqing got in the car with their son. 
"Mom, why do I have a little fish tail too?" 
"Because you’re mom’s daughter. Mom is a big mermaid, so you’re a little mermaid, right?" 
Ye Xingguang held little Hua in her arms and was surprised to find her body a bit warm. 
Seeing her furrowed brow, Ye Junqing reached over and touched their daughter’s forehead: "Why is it so hot?" 
Ye Xingguang said, "She probably has a fever, maybe it’s the first time her little tail appeared, so her body has some abnormal symptoms. When I was young and my tail appeared, I would also have some fever symptoms. Let’s take her home first, give her some fever medicine." 
Mo Yinhe was heartbroken. The little pig he raised for so long never had a fever. On the first day of kindergarten, she had a fever. Usually, Mo Yinhe had an indifferent attitude towards little Hua, but he pinched her little cheek: "Are you feeling unwell?" 
Little Hua felt okay, but the car hadn’t been on the road for more than 15 minutes before she lost her energy, pitifully cuddling in Ye Xingguang’s arms, uninterested in everything. 
On the way, they encountered a pharmacy. Ye Junqing got out, bought a fever patch, fever medicine, and an electronic thermometer. 
Ye Xingguang took the thermometer and measured little Hua’s side temperature, 38.2 degrees... 
Ye Junqing tore off the fever patch’s packaging and just as he stuck it on little Hua’s forehead, she shouted, "Cold." noveldrama
Ye Junqing raised his hand, stroking his daughter’s little head, "Be good, little Hua is the strongest." 
"Of course." Little Hua was still sassy despite her lack of energy. 
Mo Yinhe pressed her little head with his hand, "From now on you’re not Hua Xiaozhu, you’re Hua Xiaoyu. Tomorrow I’ll buy you fish food, pre-packaged." 
Using her last bit of energy, little Hua growled fiercely, "Mo Big Pig, I hate you, I won’t play with you ever again!" 
But her little arms grabbed onto Mo Yinhe’s arm tightly, holding on, closing her eyes, and snuggling into Ye Xingguang’s arms as if afraid the three who were always watching her would feel upset. She pretended to be brave, "I’m not uncomfortable at all, I’m a mermaid warrior like Princess Kaqite, I want to protect the Earth." 
Her solemn words were both amusing and touching. 
When the car got home, Ye Junqing got out first, wanting to take his daughter from Ye Xingguang’s arms, but little Hua clung to Ye Xingguang’s neck and refused to let go.
###Chapter 1129: Chapter 1129: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 9
Other daughters cling to their fathers, but Little Huahua clings more to Ye Xingguang. 
"Let me do it, it’s fine, she’s not heavy." After all, she was a strong woman. 
Bai Lanwu came out of the house: "What’s going on? Why does Little Huahua look so listless? Is she not adjusting to her first day of school?" 
"No, Mom, Little Huahua grew a mermaid tail at the school swimming pool and now she’s running a fever." 
"Ah? This..." 
Bai Lanwu watched her daughter carry her granddaughter upstairs and anxiously followed: "Should we call a doctor? Doctor Chang took your dad for a walk in the estate. I’ll go ask him to come over. She’s got a fever, why didn’t you take her to the hospital?" 
Ye Xingguang, experienced, replied: "Mom, it’s okay, I’ll handle it. I had this happen when I was little too, let’s try to bring the fever down with some physical methods first." 
Bai Lanwu still felt sorry for her granddaughter: "Then I’ll go make some lean meat porridge for Little Huahua." 
"Okay." 
Ye Xingguang carried Little Huahua to the master bedroom and lay down with her, holding her close as she slept. 
She remembered when she was young and faced this situation, she’d just nestle under the covers and sleep. It was probably a physiological discomfort response that a nap would alleviate in an hour or two. 
Seeing Little Huahua’s sweet, sleeping little face in her arms, she suddenly thought of herself as a child. Back then, what she most wanted was for her mother to hold her while she was feeling unwell. 
The longing she hadn’t received from her mother in her childhood, she now gave to her daughter, and it felt strangely like a form of redemption. 
Ye Junqing tiptoed in, sitting beside the mother and daughter. His long fingers gently brushed away the strands of hair sticking to Ye Xingguang’s face, and he spoke softly: "What are you thinking about?" View the correct content at free.w e bn.ov(e)l(.)com.
Ye Xingguang whispered: "I feel like my daughter is healing my childhood. When I was sick as a child, I really wished my mom would hold me like this. You go ahead, I’ll stay here with her." 
Ye Junqing remained motionless, his large palm gently stroking her hair: "You keep your daughter company, I’ll keep you company." 
Watching her tenderly care for their daughter, Ye Junqing felt regret: "It’s a pity that when you had a fever as a child, I couldn’t hold you in my arms like you do with Little Huahua." free\we\bnov(e)(l).com
She laughed: "We didn’t know each other back then." 
Ye Junqing felt even more regretful, even though they both lived in the capital, back then he knew Xia Ye Zhao but hadn’t met her. 
"Do we still have any regret pills left?" noveldrama
Ye Xingguang spoke softly, not wanting to disturb her daughter: "What for?" 
"Give me one, so I can go back to when you were little, hold you while you were sick, and comfort you." 
Ye Xingguang said: "I don’t even know which day I had a fever as a child, besides, I wasn’t good-looking then." 
Ye Junqing’s eyes were full of charming warmth as he gently pressed his forehead against hers: "Who said you weren’t good-looking? In my eyes, no one is more beautiful than you." 
"That’s because I turned from an ugly duckling into a swan now. If you saw how dark I looked as a kid, you wouldn’t have wanted anything to do with me." Her voice inadvertently revealed a hint of insecurity. 
Ye Junqing couldn’t stand to hear that and got up to search for the regret pill, knowing she had a spare hidden away, rummaging through: "Where is it? I want to go and tell young Qiongqiong how beautiful she was." 
Ye Xingguang said: "Don’t change the course of our lives, when you come back, everything will be different."
###Chapter 1130: Chapter 1130: Ye Xingguang Is Designated as a National Treasure 10
"I promise not to change anything, just secretly go back and kiss the ugly duckling." 
"Hmph, you say I’m pretty, but now you’re calling me the ugly duckling. It’s in the third drawer from the top in front of you. But even if you go back in time, you won’t be able to see me. Back then, Wang Zimei wouldn’t allow outsiders to see me, not even my grandma when she visited our home. How would you kiss the ugly duckling that I was back then?" 
Ye Junqing pulled open the third drawer, found a small velvet box inside, and saw a small pearl-like bead in it. He held it in his hand, "Is this it?" 
"Yes, swallow it, then focus on the moment you most want to return to, and you can go back with your mind. But it’s only for an hour, after an hour your mind will return, and if you’ve changed anyone’s life trajectory, everything will be different when you come back." 
Ye Junqing nodded, the thought moved him. 
He sat at the head of the bed, thought carefully about what moment he should return to, asked her to think about when she became ill and no one cared about her. 
Ye Xingguang said, "After I donated bone marrow to Xia Yanyan, when I got sick, no one really cared about me. By then, my brother was already in junior high and didn’t come back often. It was around when I was six, I remember it was a weekend, Xia Yanyan’s birthday, and a lot of kids came over, but they wouldn’t let me go downstairs and told me to stay in my room. If you want to go to Xia’s Family, that day might be a chance." 
Ye Junqing answered with a hum, eager to try, but asked, "When is Xia Yanyan’s birthday?" 
Ye Xingguang gave a date. 
Ye Junqing really couldn’t remember what he was doing that day, so he could only swallow the regret pill, focus his mind, wanting to return to a certain year, month, day, and time... 
In an instant, Ye Junqing found himself much smaller, wearing a school uniform, sitting in a classroom, probably still in school. 
"Ding-a-ling-a-ling" 
The vague school bell sound pulled Ye Junqing back into the ’past’ reality. 
Like other students who, as soon as school was out, flew out of the jungle like birds, Ye Junqing grabbed his backpack and walked out of the school gate. 
As he walked downstairs of the teaching building, he saw a group of boys and girls surrounding a girl who was the center of attention... 
Ye Junqing looked over, and that girl was none other than the proud peacock, Xia Yanyan. 
Today is Xia Yanyan’s birthday, and she planned to have a birthday party at home, inviting many classmates over to play. Right now, those boys and girls were surrounding Xia Yanyan, chattering about her birthday party. noveldrama
Ye Junqing raised his eyebrow slightly, stepped forward, and walked over, "Xia Yanyan, classmate." 
The sudden voice made all the chattering boys and girls quiet down. 
All the kids looked over at Ye Junqing, wow! It was the school heartthrob! 
Very popular! 
Someone nudged Xia Yanyan’s waist, "Wow! Yanyan, the school heartthrob is greeting you, he usually doesn’t pay attention to girls, and now he called your name, go, go, so exciting!" 
Xia Yanyan’s face flushed, and she walked up to Ye Junqing, "Senior Ye, is there something you need?" 
Ye Junqing suppressed his urge to vomit at the sight of her and said in a soft voice, "I heard today is your birthday, happy birthday, can I attend your birthday party?" View the correct content at fre.ewe(bn)ovel.c om
"You want to come to my birthday party! Of course, you can." 
"But, I forgot to buy you a birthday present."
###Chapter 1131: Chapter 1131: The Great Scourge Encounters the Young Little Starlight 1
"It’s okay, I’m just happy you could come." Xia Yanyan’s sweet little face was full of shyness. 
So, Ye Xingguang naturally took the car to Xia’s Family, but the journey wasted five minutes of his time. 
The schools here are divided by school district. They lived in the same district, so Ye Xingguang thought, luckily it was only five minutes, if it had been fifty, it would have been a big loss. 
The Xia’s house was brightly decorated in preparation for Xia Yanyan’s birthday party, preparations having started that morning. Seeing the children arriving, Wang Zimei instructed the butler to bring all the delicious and fun things into the living room, so the children could play to their heart’s content. 
Taking advantage of a moment when others weren’t paying attention, Ye Xingguang snuck upstairs. 
He walked to the edge of the third-floor corridor and down to the end of the hallway, which was the room of little Fish Tail. 
Ye Xingguang quietly approached and knocked on the door from outside. 
Unfortunately, after knocking for quite a while, no one opened the door. Ye Xingguang softly called, "Qiongqiong, open the door." 
After a while, a weak voice of a girl came from inside the room, "Who are you?" 
"I’m a friend of your brother, here to see you, open the door." 
The girl tried to open the door, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t open it. Frustrated, she said, "The door is locked from the outside, I can’t open it. Has my brother come home yet? He said he’d bring me something delicious tonight." 
At this moment, Xia Ye Zhao hadn’t left school yet, but since today was Xia Yanyan’s birthday, he would definitely come back. 
Ye Xingguang was unwilling to give up, "Who has the key?" 
"My mom, or the butler. My brother secretly made a copy of the key; it’s in his little study." 
"Where’s the little study?" 
"Second floor, on the left, third room." 
Ye Xingguang sneaked downstairs again, found the key in Xia Ye Zhao’s little study, rushed over to unlock the door, and slipped inside. 
At this time, Ye Xingguang was just a six-year-old little girl; her face was indeed a bit dark, skinny and thin. Because of the high fever, she was lacking energy, her lips were cracked from dryness, her complexion particularly poor. Just one glance made Ye Xingguang’s heart ache to the point of numbness! 
He placed his hand on her forehead, it was so hot it made him want to burn the house down. noveldrama
Perhaps because she hadn’t interacted with a strange boy before, little Xingguang was timid and took two steps back, "Don’t... don’t touch..." 
But her steps were wobbly, as if she was stepping on cotton rather than the floor, completely unstable. 
Ye Xingguang wanted to lift her and put her in a princess carry onto the bed, but he realized he was young and not strong enough, he couldn’t manage the princess carry, so he just lifted her upright and struggled to carry her to the bed, "Lie down quickly." 
"Thank you, why did my brother ask you to come?" 
"To look after you." fre\e(w)ebn ov.e l\. co.m
Ye Xingguang pressed her to lie on the bed, then sat by her side, staring at her thin, pitiful face, heart aching unbearably: "Did you take fever-reducing medicine?" 
Little Xingguang nodded, stared at the strange night older boy, pursed her dry, cracked little lips: "Brother, thank you." 
Ye Xingguang found a water cup in the room, it was filled with water, he brought it over to help her drink, "Drink more water, it helps reduce fever faster." 
Little Xingguang obediently nodded and drank two sips of water, then asked him, "Brother, when will my brother come back?" 
Compared to the unfamiliar Ye Xingguang, little Xingguang was more eager for her brother to return at this moment; she wanted to rely on her big brother. 
"He might be a little late, are you uncomfortable?"
###Chapter 1132: Chapter 1132: The Big Scourge Meets the Young Little Starlight 2
Little Starlight nodded. 
Ye Junqing took off his sneakers, lay down, and held her in his arms. 
Little Starlight was a bit awkward and nervous: "Brother, what are you doing?" 
"When you are sick, doesn’t your brother hold you like this?" Grandma Wolf Ye Junqing asked. 
Little Starlight said: "Sometimes he does, sometimes he doesn’t." 
Grandma Wolf Ye Junqing said: "That’s right, your brother told me to hold you like this, saying that holding you would make you feel less uncomfortable, all instructed by your brother." 
"Oh." Little Starlight, although feeling awkward, felt there was nothing wrong with Big Brother’s arrangement and was obedient. 
The room was very quiet, but downstairs was particularly lively. Even with the door closed, staying in the room, Little Starlight could imagine the liveliness. There must be many children at home playing with her sister, and she also wanted to go down and play, but her mother wouldn’t allow it. 
Ye Junqing saw Little Starlight’s eyes expecting the liveliness, and he felt pity: "Do you want to go downstairs and play?" 
Little Starlight nodded and then shook her head, seemingly afraid of something. )
Ye Junqing’s heart ached to the point of bleeding. 
"Brother, what’s your name?" 
"Niao Gong" 
"Oh." 
Little Starlight nodded: "I remember now." 
"Good girl~~ Come on, I’ll take you downstairs." 
Little Starlight shook her head: "Mom won’t allow me to go downstairs, and besides, I feel so uncomfortable, I don’t want to go downstairs." 
Ye Junqing reached out, stroking her hair. If it weren’t for Little Fish Tail’s repeated instructions not to disrupt her life, he’d love to take her home now. He would raise her from such a young age until she grew up! 
Finally, a child downstairs noticed Ye Junqing wasn’t in the living room: "Huh, Yanyan, where’s the school heartthrob Ye Junqing?" 
Xia Yanyan was also looking for Ye Junqing. She stood in the living room wearing a pink princess dress, with a beautiful crown on her head, wanting Ye Junqing to see her pretty look, but after searching for a long time, she couldn’t find him. 
She proudly stood in the center of the living room: "Has anyone seen Ye Junqing?" 
"No." 
"No." 
"I haven’t either." 
Xia Yanyan pouted unhappily: "Then where did he go?" 
Little Starlight found this good-looking brother always staring at her, feeling a little embarrassed, lowering her small head lower and lower, almost burying it in Ye Junqing’s chest: "Brother, I’m ugly, don’t look." noveldrama
"Where are you ugly?" Ye Junqing felt even more tender-hearted. 
Little Starlight’s nose felt slightly sour: "Everyone says I’m ugly, dark and ugly." 
"That’s because they have a problem with their aesthetics. They are jealous of you, jealous that you’re too good-looking, so they deliberately say you’re ugly." 
"No, I’m really ugly." 
Since she was sensible, she had been disliked for being ugly. How could Little Starlight not know she couldn’t compare to her sister in terms of looks? 
Ye Junqing gently asked her: "Did your brother say you’re ugly?" 
Little Starlight shook her head. 
Ye Junqing said: "There you go, your brother didn’t say you’re ugly, that must mean you’re not ugly. As for others saying you’re ugly, it surely means they’re ill-intentioned, jealous you’re a mermaid and they’re not, so they say sour grapes. You don’t have to take their words to heart. You’re the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen." 
"Really?" Little Starlight couldn’t believe it. 
Ye Junqing’s gaze was sincere, with deep love hidden in his heart: "Do I look like someone who would lie?"
###Chapter 1133: Chapter 1133: The Big Scourge Meets the Young Little Starlight 3
Ye Xingguang looked up at the big brother in front of her, feeling a warmth in her heart as if her body didn’t feel so uncomfortable anymore: "Big brother, you’re really good-looking." 
"Do you like it?" 
Little Xingguang nodded earnestly. By ’like,’ she meant pure affection, not the kind between a boy and a girl. Such a young girl didn’t know what liking meant, but she liked those who were kind to her. 
"You have to say it. Otherwise, if you just nod, I won’t know." 
Little Xingguang was surprised: "Do I have to say it out loud?" 
"Of course, whatever you like or don’t like, you have to say it out loud so your brother knows." 
Little Xingguang thought for a moment: "I want brother to come home soon." 
This brother was clearly not Ye Junqing, but Xia Ye Zhao. 
Ye Junqing: "..." 
After coaxing her for so long, it turned out the little girl only had Xia Ye Zhao in her heart. 
Ye Junqing felt a twinge of jealousy! noveldrama
But it’s okay, in the future, Little Fish Tail’s closest person will be him, not Xia Ye Zhao. Ye Junqing comforted himself. 
He held her little head: "Sleep, when you wake up again, your brother will be back." 
"Okay." 
Little Xingguang closed her eyes. Maybe because of her high fever fluctuating, her stomach felt cold at the moment, and she felt like the brother holding her was like a little furnace. She felt shy but couldn’t help but snuggle closer into Ye Junqing’s embrace, as if being closer would mean more warmth. 
After sleeping for a while, she opened her eyes and found the little brother still there. Little Xingguang said: "Brother, you’re so nice. Will you always be here?" 
He only had an hour, and forty minutes had already passed, leaving twenty minutes. 
Ye Junqing didn’t dare to make reckless promises, but he ended up slipping, softly saying: "Sleep, I’ll be here until your brother returns." 
"Brother, you can’t lie to me." 
"I won’t lie to you. Be good and sleep. Once the fever medicine takes effect and the fever goes down, you won’t feel as bad." 
"Okay." Little Xingguang closed her eyes again. 
Ye Junqing picked up a pen and wrote his home phone number on her palm. 
The tickling sensation woke Little Xingguang up quickly: "Brother, what are these numbers?" 
"It’s my home phone number." Back then, Ye Junqing didn’t have a mobile phone. 
He said: "If your dad and mom want to take you to the sea, call this number to find brother." 
"Why? Does brother want to go to the seaside too? But dad and mom don’t like taking me out, so they probably won’t take me to the seaside..." Little Xingguang was somewhat disappointed. 
Ye Junqing said: "Yeah, brother wants to go to the sea to play too. Just remember to call me, and brother will find you at sea and play with you." 
Little Xingguang nodded: "I remember, brother." 
Ye Junqing still wasn’t reassured, so he took off the bracelet from his wrist, put it on her wrist, and said: "Brother is giving this to you. Promise brother to always wear it and not take it off, okay?" 
Little Xingguang was curious: "What is this?" 
"It’s a gift from brother." 
This bracelet had a tracking function. 
If her parents planned to throw her into the sea, relying on this tracking bracelet, it should make finding her a bit easier.
###Chapter 1134: Chapter 1134: The Great Tumor Encounters the Young Little Starlight 4
"Knock, knock, knock." At this moment, someone was knocking on the door from outside. 
Ye Junqing became alert. 
Little Starlight was also awakened by the noise. 
From outside, Xia Yanyan’s voice came: "Qiongqiong, open the door." 
Ye Junqing gestured "shh" to Little Starlight, signaling her to keep quiet. 
But Little Starlight didn’t comply, as the knocking continued. She weakly asked, "Sister, the door is locked. I can’t open it." 
Xia Yanyan stood outside, appearing uneasy: "Have you seen a handsome young man?" 
Ye Junqing shook his head towards Little Starlight, and she caught on: "Sister, I’m alone in the room. What handsome young man? Sister, can I come to your birthday party?" 
"Aren’t you sick? Be careful not to infect others. You should rest well." 
Xia Yanyan stood outside pondering, the door was locked from the outside, her sister was alone in the room, Ye Junqing definitely wouldn’t be inside. 
Yet after searching everywhere, she still couldn’t find Ye Junqing, causing Xia Yanyan to feel uneasy. 
She decided to ask the butler for the key to open the door and take a look. 
Hearing Xia Yanyan’s footsteps leave and then return, along with the sound of the door opening, Ye Junqing turned over and lay on the inside of the bed, wrapping himself in the blanket, and whispered: "Qiongqiong, be good, don’t say I’m here, or I won’t be able to stay with you." 
Little Starlight nodded seriously. 
At this moment, Xia Yanyan opened the door. She swaggered in, searching her room all around. 
Little Starlight lay on the bed, weakly asking, "Sister, what are you looking for?"
"None of your business, just keep sleeping." 
"Sister, can’t I really go to your birthday party? I really want to participate." 
Xia Yanyan, impatiently: "What are you participating for, looking so ugly, what if you scare my classmates?" 
Little Starlight’s tears rolled down instantly. Her sister wasn’t like this before. Before she donated her bone marrow to her sister, she treated her well too... 
Xia Yanyan, perhaps feeling her tone was a bit harsh, went to the bed to comfort her: "Alright, I know you want to celebrate my birthday. How about this, you give me a birthday present, isn’t that celebrating my birthday?"
Little Starlight nodded: "Sister, I prepared a birthday gift." 
She wanted to get out of bed to fetch the birthday gift, but Xia Yanyan laid eyes on a pearl purse hanging by the bed: "I like this, why don’t you give this to me, okay?" 
"This was a gift from brother..." 
Before she could finish, Xia Yanyan interrupted: "So when you said you’d give me a birthday present, you were just talking?" 
"No." Little Starlight bit her lip, hesitating for a long while. 
"If you don’t want to give it, forget it." 
"I want to, if Sister likes it, I’ll give it to you. Sister, can I go downstairs to your birthday party now? I really want to celebrate with you." 
Xia Yanyan slung the pearl purse over her shoulder and said, "Wait until my classmates leave, then you can come downstairs to join my birthday party. I’ll save a piece of cake for you. Sister has something to do now, so you just lie down and rest." 
After speaking, Xia Yanyan left, and after leaving, she made sure to lock the door again. 
After Xia Yanyan left, Ye Junqing crawled out from under the covers, frustrated, and looked at the endlessly ingratiating Little Starlight with some harshness: "Why are you trying to please her? What’s the point of attending her birthday party?"noveldrama
###Chapter 1135: Chapter 1135: The Great Tumor Encounters the Young Little Starlight 5
Little Xingguang, feeling aggrieved, pursed her small lips and said, "She is my sister." 
Ye Junqing was so angry that his heart, liver, and lungs were on fire. Staring at Little Xingguang, whose eyes were brimming with tears, he realized his tone had been too harsh. He gently comforted her, "Don’t cry, sweetie, don’t cry. I won’t be harsh with you anymore. Your sister is not a good person, don’t rely on her in the future." 
Seeing her pitiful look, Ye Junqing really couldn’t take it.
He understood that at this moment, Little Fishy Tail still considered Xia Yanyan her sister, longing for family affection. Sighing deeply, he tried to calm himself because the fault wasn’t hers. 
Ye Junqing reached out to wipe her tears, "Brother will hold you and continue sleeping." 
The door was locked from the inside, and now even if he wanted to leave, it would probably be impossible. 
Ye Junqing looked at the time; there were less than fifteen minutes left. He had completely wasted a regret pill, unable to offer her any substantial help other than holding her, yet he had to watch her pathetically try to please Xia Yanyan, which infuriated him! 
Mostly he was angry at his own powerlessness! 
"Brother, are you unhappy?" 
Even though Little Xingguang was very meek, she was particularly sensitive, able to pick up on his emotions. 
"No, I just feel sorry for your little backpack!" 
The backpack that caught Xia Yanyan’s eye must be quite good. 
Little Xingguang seemed accustomed to this, her voice dim, "Anyway, Mom and Dad don’t let me go out. Even if I have the backpack, I can’t take it out. Since Sister likes it, let her have it." 
Little pushover, I’m really going to be infuriated by your non-competitive nature! 
Ye Junqing took a deep breath, comforting himself that it was okay, one day she would come back and smash everything in the house! 
"Mom, I want water." Little Huahua’s fever had dried her little lips. 
Ye Xingguang picked up the honey water from the bedside table, brought it to her daughter’s lips, and after seeing Little Huahua gulp down a couple of sips, she carefully put the cup back on the bedside table and continued to cuddle Little Huahua to sleep. 
At this moment, Ye Junqing suddenly opened his eyes and realized he was back in the real world. He paused for two seconds, turned his head, and saw the mother and daughter lying on the bed. The world seemed to have not changed at all. 
He remembered giving the bracelet to Little Fishy Tail... noveldrama
Ye Xingguang saw Ye Junqing, who had taken a regret pill, close his eyes and then open them again. She asked him, "What did you go do?" 
Ye Junqing pressed his forehead, "Watching you if you were being bullied by Xia Yanyan, bullied to a ridiculous extent, yet still wanted to grovel before her." 
Ye Xingguang stretched her leg and fiercely kicked Ye Junqing, "You’re the one who would grovel before her!"
At this moment, a slight hint of new memories seemed to surface in Ye Xingguang’s mind, memories from childhood, of a brother breaking into her room, holding her, and saying his name was "Ni Lao Gong." 
Ye Xingguang chuckled, "Your name is Ni Lao Gong? How come I didn’t know? Who are you dominating?" 
Ye Junqing’s brows slightly rose, "You know?" 
It’s nonsense; past experiences combined with new memories, how could she possibly not know? 
Ye Junqing sternly asked, "I ask you, where is the bracelet I gave you?" 
Ye Xingguang thought carefully, "It seems Xia Yanyan liked it and took it from my hand." 
"You little coward!" 
Ye Junqing irately said again, "You give her everything!" 
Ye Xingguang murmured, "Who doesn’t have cowardly moments? It’s actually better this way; if I wore the bracelet and you found me, I wouldn’t have met my parents. How much human warmth would I have missed? It’s truly a pity you wasted a regret pill."
###Chapter 1136: Chapter 1136 Xia Yanyan is Discarded 1
At this time, the Parliament meeting should have concluded and yielded results. She opened her phone to check the news. 
There was no latest news, but the protest group led by Xia Miaomiao hadn’t left the square in front of the Parliament building all day. Even now, Xia Miaomiao was energetically protesting. 
Lawyer Xi told Xia Miaomiao that unless Xia Yanyan was stripped of her national treasure status, Xia Yanyan wouldn’t fall, even if she was guilty. 
Because, with her immunity, no matter how grave her mistakes were, she would be pardoned. 
So, to ensure Xia Yanyan received the punishment she deserved, Xia Miaomiao was determined to protest till the end today. 
Ye Shiting glanced over and said, "Your sister has a bit of a temper just like you do now, she’s not a pushover." 
Ye Xingguang said, "I wonder what the final vote results from the parliamentary meeting will be. If she’s not removed from her national treasure position today, I’m going to be furious. The internet has already exploded with lots of dirt on her. But do you know which genius is behind all those revealing videos about Xia Yanyan’s dirty deeds? I really want to commend them for capturing those videos." 
Ye Shiting smiled but said nothing. 
At this moment, Ji Qishu sent the latest news in the family group chat. 
Tang Xiao also announced the Parliament’s meeting results in the chat. 
Upon seeing the news, Tang Zhou jumped with excitement in the group: "Oh oh oh! My brother’s news is definitely accurate, so the Parliamentary vote resulted in two more votes in favor of stripping Xia Yanyan of her national treasure status than against it?" 
Ji Qishu said, "Yes, a journalist from my company just got this firsthand information. The decision to strip Xia Yanyan of her national treasure title is finalized. We’re just waiting for the Parliament to send the proposal to the President’s office for the final decision!" 
The President is Ye Shiting, Ye Juntian’s own big brother, so the answer is already obvious! 
Tang Zhou: "Hahaha, I told her not to be arrogant! I told her not to flaunt her status as a national treasure! I told her that her almost slipping past Brother Ting’s presidential position would bring bad karma, and now justice is served!" 
Tang Xiao: "And another piece of information, the Parliament unanimously agrees to recognize Xia Qiongqiong as a national treasure." 
Tang Zhou: "Oh oh oh!!! Hahaha!!! Lalala!!!" 
Others: "..." 
Tang Zhou: "I’m sending you a picture of my wedding dress. If anyone dares to say it doesn’t look good, I’m leaving the group!" 
Tang Xiao: "It looks great." 
Tang Zhou: "Brother, are you just saying that to save face? I want to hear your honest opinion." 
Tang Xiao: "It looks very nice." 
Ye Xingguang: "Wow! Tang Zhou, is that really you? You look so beautiful, why don’t you wear female clothes more often?" 
Xiao Mi Hu, having married Mo Fei, was already pulled into the group by him. 
Xiao Mi Hu: "Sister! From now on, we’re sisters!" 
Tang Zhou: "Xiao Mi Hu, go play somewhere else. What do the others think?" 
Mu Nianbai: "I’m a bit unaccustomed."
Ji Qishu: "I need some time to calm down." 
Fu Zhuo: "Beautiful! I want to ask for your hand." 
Ye Shiting: "A perfect match." 
Tang Zhou: "Brother Qing, are you saying that with a clear conscience?" noveldrama
Ye Shiting: "Yes." 
Tang Zhou: "I’ve decided, I trust you, I’m that naive. Please praise me a bit more, I’m easily fooled." 
Unfortunately, after saying this, Ye Shiting went silent. 
On the other side, Xia Yanyan sat at home, anxiously waiting for news.
###Chapter 1137: Chapter 1137 Xia Yanyan is Discarded 2
Although they haven’t cleared the hurdle with the President yet, journalists are already tirelessly reporting the results of the Congress vote. After seeing the results, Xia Yanyan staggered several times, almost fainting. noveldrama
She called the National Treasure Committee, saying that she had fainted from anger.
The staff at the National Treasure Committee sarcastically mentioned "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" a few times on the phone, then directly hung up. 
Xia Yanyan went downstairs to find her parents. 
In the living room, Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth also saw the news report. Wang Zimei almost fainted: "What do we do now? Our daughter’s national treasure status is gone, what will become of the Xia’s Family in the future?" 
Xia Wealth’s face was ashen: "It’s all your fault for spoiling her rotten, thinking she could do anything, even kidnapping her own sister. Now no one can tolerate her as a national treasure, what can we do? Luckily, Qiongqiong became a national treasure, so we’re still the parents of a national treasure." 
Wang Zimei wasn’t optimistic at all: "But Qiongqiong... she doesn’t feel any kinship towards us, she doesn’t even want to see us." 
Xia Wealth didn’t care: "Whether she wants to see us or not, whether she admits it or not, our blood runs through her veins, and that’s a fact that will never change. As long as she’s our biological child, we’re the parents of a national treasure, and the Xia’s Family will always be prominent!" 
Xia Yanyan stood in the middle of the stairs, listening to her parents’ conversation. She wanted to rush down and question them, what about me? 
What about me? 
She wanted to question her father, but remembering the last time she confronted him, causing him to have a stroke and pass away, she could only swallow her anger. The next second, she felt dizzy and rolled down the stairs. 
Wang Zimei heard the commotion and exclaimed: "Yanyan, Yanyan, Yanyan what’s wrong, call 120, hurry!" 
Xia Wealth, despite his stance, couldn’t remain seated—it was his beloved daughter for many years. While calling Dr. Xu, he instructed the bodyguards to prepare a car, then took Xia Yanyan to the hospital. 
As soon as Xia Yanyan arrived at the hospital, the media got wind of it.
The media speculated that she fainted from losing her national treasure status, but the netizens didn’t think so. 
"Is she playing dead again? Quickly call the National Treasure Committee, say the Congress bullied her, and have the National Treasure Committee invite the Congress members over for tea. [Dog Head]" 
"Need me to help with the call? Congress is simply too much, bullying a national treasure. The National Treasure Committee will invite you for tea soon. [Dog Head]" 
Unexpectedly, the National Treasure Committee responded to netizens: "Temporarily closed for rectification..." 
Pfft, even the National Treasure Committee is closed for rectification. All the netizens’ fun for the day was soaked on Weibo, and they even commented below to have a thorough rectification to protect the new national treasure in the future. 
... 
At the Ye family’s manor, Little Flower woke up from a nap. Ye Xingguang took her temperature again; the fever had subsided. 
Ye Xingguang removed the cooling patch from his daughter’s head and wiped the sweat off her face. 
After the fever subsided, Little Flower was much more energetic. Bai Lanwu came up with a bowl of lean pork congee, and Ye Xingguang fed it to her until she was full. 
Mo Yinhe, who had been worried all afternoon, finally relaxed, standing by the bed, handing Little Flower a new fluffy toy. 
This time, it wasn’t just any toy; it was a mermaid toy. 
"Wow! It’s a mermaid warrior! Big Pig Mo, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me!"
###Chapter 1138: Chapter 1138: The Little Mermaid Huahua 1
"Call your brother." 
"Brother, I want it, I want it!" 
Mo Yinhe threw the mermaid warrior in front of her: "Take it, are you still feeling unwell?" 
Little Huahua shook her head. 
Mo Yinhe wasn’t convinced, lifting his cold little eyes to look at Ye Xingguang: "Aren’t you going to take her to the hospital? Is this how you are as a mother? What if something else happens?" 
Having been lectured by her son, Ye Xingguang was already used to it. She said, "Your father has already gone to get the car ready. Once Little Huahua’s full, we’ll take her to the hospital for a check-up." 
That seemed acceptable enough, so Mo Yinhe stopped making a fuss because, for now, he couldn’t find any fault. noveldrama
...
Ye Junqing had already called Xu Yatong, explained the situation, and told him they were bringing Little Huahua to the hospital for an examination. After all, no one understands mermaids better than he does. 
Xu Ya was attending to Xia Yanyan. He said, "You can bring her over. I’ll prepare the paperwork here first. When you arrive, go straight to the check-up. You don’t need to come to my office. Once the results are out, then come find me." 
Ye Junqing didn’t waste words. The couple, along with little Mo, took Little Huahua to the hospital for a check-up. 
During the blood test, Little Huahua absolutely refused to stick out her little hand, afraid of the pain. 
Holding her didn’t work for Ye Junqing, nor for Ye Xingguang. Usually such an obedient girl was now making a fuss. 
Mo Yinhe climbed up on the chair, wrapped his little hands tightly around the troubled Little Huahua, holding her firmly and preventing her from struggling. He finally said to the nurse, "Why haven’t you drawn her blood yet? Be gentle, I’m warning you, if you hurt her, I’ll hold you accountable." 
To the nurse, this version of Mo Yinhe seemed like quite the brat. 
In the background, Little Huahua’s wailing screams echoed: "Waa waa, stupid Mo pig, I hate you, hate you, waa waa waa, it hurts, hurts... hurts hurts hurts..." 
The nurse was fairly quick, immediately pressing a little cotton ball on the blood draw spot, then asked Ye Xingguang to continue holding it. 
Little Huahua kept crying, kept cursing a constant stream of "stupid Mo pig, I hate you" filling the air. 
Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang looked at each other, seems like they’ll play the good cop, little Mo can play the bad cop. 
Seeing Little Huahua crying like this, their hearts almost broke, unable to be tough on her. 
"Hate me if you want, you think I like you?" Mo Yinhe loosened his domineering hold nonchalantly and jumped off the chair. 
Good cop Ye Xingguang: "Huahua, don’t cry, I’ll buy you chocolate later, okay?" 
Little Huahua pouted her little lips: "Not okay, you have to buy me two chocolates." 
Ye Xingguang chuckled softly and nodded, her heart melting: "Okay, mommy will buy you two chocolates." 
Little Huahua still felt pain. After Ye Xingguang pressed on her needle-pricked spot with the cotton ball for a while, she raised her little hands, pouting: "Mommy, blow on it." 
"Alright, mommy will, blowing will make it not hurt." 
But even after Ye Xingguang blew on it, Little Huahua wanted Ye Junqing to blow on it too: "Daddy, blow on it." 
Ye Junqing reached out, gently stroked her little head, leaned in, and blew on her small hand. 
Little Huahua’s tears dried on her face, but she still felt unsatisfied, pouting unhappily: "Stupid Mo pig, you didn’t blow on it." 
Stupid Mo pig walked ahead, with an usual indifferent attitude: "You said you hated me, remember?" 
"Waa waa, you didn’t blow~~"
###Chapter 1139: Chapter 1139: The Little Mermaid Huahua 2
Ye Junqing picked up his son, and the big pig reluctantly blew a couple of breaths on her hand, then reached out and ruffled her hair into a messy bird’s nest: "So pampered." 
"Hmph, don’t bother about me." So what if I am pampered? 
Little Huahua was in pain, with both arms tightly wrapped around Ye Xingguang’s neck, resting her little head on Ye Xingguang’s shoulder, determined to be a pampered little darling. 
After all the series of checks were done, the family of four, feeling bored waiting for results in the hospital, returned to the car and watched a movie on the car’s display. 
To accommodate the kids, they watched a big movie about the Mermaid Warrior. 
Little Huahua watched excitedly. 
Little Yinhe was yawning non-stop. 
Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing leaned together, just passing time. 
Little Yinhe, despite being sleepy from the constant yawning, couldn’t stand such a childish cartoon and fiddled with his communication ring. 
With nothing to do, Little Yinhe opened the Healing System hospital’s surveillance, and unexpectedly saw Xia Yanyan lying in a hospital bed. 
Beside her, Wang Zimei and Xia Wealth were listening to the expert consultation. 
In disbelief, Wang Zimei was emotionally stirred: "How is this possible? Wasn’t it cured since childhood? Are you mistaken? How could it recur? How could she have chronic myeloid leukemia again?"
Little Yinhe wasn’t wearing earphones, so Wang Zimei’s voice reached Ye Xingguang’s ears. 
She looked over at the holographic screen in front of her son, curious: "What’s that?" 
Little Yinhe casually replied: "Just the hospital’s surveillance." 
On the surveillance screen, Xia Wealth also couldn’t believe it: "Is it confirmed? It’s been so many years, how could it relapse?" 
Xu Ya said: "From the test results, Miss Xia indeed has relapsed. Tomorrow I plan to consult with a few experts, and tonight I’ll show the test films to my grandfather. Back then, Miss Xia’s illness was handled by my grandfather. He should be more familiar with her body condition." 
Wang Zimei held onto Xu Ya’s hand anxiously: "If... if it’s confirmed, what should we do?" 
Xu Ya said: "If confirmed, it’s still recommended to do a bone marrow transplant."
Xia Yanyan lay on the hospital bed, her world turned upside down. She screamed excitedly: "Find Ye Xingguang! Dad, Mom, get Ye Xingguang for a bone marrow match! She must be Qiongqiong, only she matches me, she can save me, right?" 
Sitting in the car, Ye Xingguang felt her hair stand on end. 
Ye Junqing sensed the cold aura around her and wrapped his arms around her, using his warmth to chase away the cold that had suddenly engulfed her, comforting her: "It’s okay, we don’t need to pay attention to her." noveldrama
Ye Xingguang pondered for a moment, then laughed: "Of course not, she’s daydreaming if she thinks I’ll donate bone marrow to her. She might as well die and reincarnate!" 
At this moment, little Mo Zong pulled up his cool little mouth: "I will protect you." 
Ye Xingguang was amused by little Mo Zong’s earnest protection, and she reached out to touch his face: "Thank you, son." 
"Try touching my face again!" little Mo Zong huffed. 
"Mom, I’ll protect you too. If anyone dares to hurt Mom, I’ll... finish them off!" Little Huahua’s super bossy voice came. 
Ye Xingguang was deeply moved, leaned over and kissed little Huahua: "Mom’s not afraid. Mom can protect herself too. No one can hurt Mom. Little Huahua, don’t worry."
###Chapter 1140: Chapter 1140: The Little Mermaid Huahua 3
She’s no longer the little girl who wanted to please her whole family. How could she be afraid of that family of three? If they dare to provoke her, unless they’re tired of living, she can wreck the entire hospital! 
She glanced at the time, "Yin Xiaohua’s report should be ready, shall we go and get it?" 
Ye Xingguang nodded, and the family of four got out of the car. They went to the self-service scanning machine, scanned the barcode to retrieve all the forms, and then headed to Xu Ya’s office to show him the documents. 
After diagnosing Xia Yanyan, Xu Ya had just returned to the office. He took Yin Xiaohua’s documents and looked closely. 
"No problem, everything is normal. You said she wasn’t a mermaid before and only showed a fishtail today?" 
Ye Xingguang came to ask precisely about this, "Dr. Xu, do you know what’s going on?" 
Xu Ya was very curious, "This Yin Xiaohua, is she a mermaid from the underwater world or your daughter?" 
Ye Xingguang didn’t speak.
Xu Ya did not press further and said, "If she’s an underwater resident, I’m not very familiar with their bodily conditions, so I may not have a say. If it’s... a second-generation artificial mermaid, perhaps this is just a normal physiological structure for them. After all, we currently don’t have any research samples of second-generation mermaids. But her body’s indicators are normal, very healthy, no problems." 
Ye Xingguang breathed a sigh of relief. 
Xu Ya added, "Oh right, Miss Ye, there’s something I need to inform you about in advance. Xia Yanyan’s chronic myeloid leukemia has recurred. You donated bone marrow to her back then, which cured her, and now there’s a possibility she might ask you to donate again. Be mentally prepared." 
Ye Xingguang sneered, "She’s dreaming." 
Xu Ya said, "Actually, I’ve heard about your situation from my grandfather. He has always felt guilty about it. Later, when he heard you died from illness, he stopped being a doctor because he couldn’t get over that hurdle in his heart. It’s said that donating bone marrow doesn’t harm the donor’s body, but my grandfather didn’t expect your situation to be so special, with your health declining due to the donation..." noveldrama
At this point, Xu Ya paused and continued, "Actually, my grandfather always wanted to apologize to you in person. I wonder if you could give him that chance. He’s already eighty-nine and doesn’t want to carry this regret into the future." 
Ye Xingguang understood Xu Ya’s sentiment and replied calmly, "It’s not related to your grandfather. He couldn’t have foreseen that my physical condition would deteriorate rapidly after donating bone marrow. Tell your grandfather I don’t blame him." 
"If you could tell him in person, that would be even better. I don’t know much about mermaids’ childhood physical conditions, so I can’t provide a professional opinion on this little mermaid’s situation. Actually, you could bring her to see my grandfather. He’s experienced in this area; he was one of the main leaders of the mermaid modification project back then." 
Wanting to understand Yin Xiaohua’s physical condition, Ye Xingguang nodded, "I will definitely visit another day." 
Xu Ya was extremely grateful.
"I’m getting off work now, and I need to rush back to ask my grandfather some things. I might as well tell him about Yin Xiaohua’s situation; if he has any ideas, I’ll call you back." 
Ye Xingguang nodded, "Thank you, Dr. Xu, I’ll wait for your call."
###Chapter 1141: Chapter 1141: The Little Mermaid Huahua 4
Xu Ya said, "No need to be so polite. I suggest that after you go back, let this little mermaid spend more time in the water. Since it’s the first time, it’s beneficial for her to release it more. As for the fever, it might be due to the long-time suppression. She’ll get used to it after a few times." 
Ye Xingguang heeded Xu Ya’s advice. After the family of four returned home, Ye Xingguang took Little Huahua to the mermaid swimming pool.
A big one and a small one, the two fairy mermaids leapt into the water, displaying their enchanting charm. 
Ye Junqing and Mo Yinhe, one big and one small, also jumped into the water to swim. 
That night, the mermaid swimming pool was filled with the sound of the family’s laughter and play. 
Tang Zhou was driving back from outside, passed by the mermaid swimming pool, saw the lights on inside, immediately turned off the engine, got out of the car, stealthily picked up his phone acting as a camera, intending to climb to the second floor to spy on the mermaid world. 
However, before he could snap a picture, a tiny figure mysteriously appeared before him, exuding a dangerously icy aura that almost scared the soul out of Tang Zhou. He immediately fled at lightning speed. Oh my, why is my little nephew even scarier than Brother Qing? 
Scared me to death! 
He demanded comfort from his sidekick to soothe his frightened little heart! 
Two hours later, Xu Ya called, "Miss Ye, my grandfather said he wants to discuss the child’s situation with you in person. Could you arrange some time for the day after tomorrow afternoon?" 
"Of course." 
"OK, then the afternoon of the day after tomorrow, please visit where my grandfather lives. I’ll send you the address. My grandfather mentioned that the child’s situation is a bit special, and he wants you to bring the child along for him to take a look. I’m terribly sorry, my grandfather should have come personally to apologize, but he’s quite elderly and not in good health to travel." 
"No problem, I’m the junior. I’ll take the child there the day after tomorrow." 
After finishing, she hung up the phone and relayed Xu Ya’s message to Ye Junqing. 
Ye Junqing looked up at the vast starry sky and pondered for a moment before saying, "Perhaps it’s related to me as well. I’ve always been curious about what would come from a vampire and a mermaid, as Little Huahua’s body also has my genes." 
Ye Xingguang’s eyes widened as she looked at Ye Junqing, recalling his once obsessive question: What would a vampire and a mermaid produce? 
A mermaid specter, or a bloodsucker fish? 
NO! 
Ye Xingguang said, "I’m sure Little Huahua and Little Yinhe didn’t inherit your vampire genes. Neither of them has ever had the urge to drink blood. If you don’t believe me, ask Little Huahua, and then ask Little Yinhe." 
Who knows? 
Ye Junqing raised an eyebrow ambiguously. Of course, he didn’t hope for the children to inherit it either. But since Vampire King Old Wang likes Little Yinhe so much, are we sure nothing ever happened between those two? 
... 
On the afternoon two days later, Ye Xingguang took half a day off from school for Little Huahua and took her to the address Xu Ya sent them. 
Driving through a serene bamboo grove, the driver parked the car in front of a small villa: "Young Madam, we’ve arrived." 
Ye Xingguang saw a vegetable garden enclosed by a fence in front of the small villa, filled with many plants that looked more like medicinal herbs than vegetables. As soon as she got out of the car, she caught a faint scent of herbs. noveldrama
She lifted Little Huahua out of the car, held her little hand, and stood outside to press the doorbell.
###Chapter 1142: Chapter 1142: The Little Mermaid Huahua 5
A woman in her forties came over to open the door, looking up and down at the mother and daughter: "Are you Miss Ye?" 
"Yes, I have an appointment with Mr. Xu." 
The woman nodded: "Please, come in." 
Yen’an slowly crawled out of the car, wanting to keep up, but the woman stopped her: "And this young lady is..." 
"Oh, she’s my friend." 
Yen’an stretched lazily and caught up with the mother and daughter, yawning incessantly: "Huh? Why are we out wandering around in the middle of the afternoon? I’m so sleepy, what about my beauty sleep?" 
Ye Xingguang rolled her eyes: "Who takes beauty naps in the afternoon? You’ve been in the capital for over ten days now, just eating and sleeping, sleeping and eating every day because Bai Xiao is not around, so nobody cares about you. Otherwise..." 
Yen’an tousled her messy hair: "He’s coming soon, can’t you let me enjoy myself a bit before he gets here?" 
Bai Xiao was appointed as the ambassador to the embassy, and he’s about to start his tenure. Country A had already chosen the site for the embassy of the Underwater Empire, not building anew but giving it the embassy building of another country. 
That country was Country M. Because it severed ties with Country A, its embassy was vacated. Yet, the embassy’s environment was particularly good, very imposing, and also very dignified, which Ye Xingguang visited and found quite to her liking. 
Yen’an whispered: "I asked, Bai Xiao said his ambassadorship is for five years, and he’ll be staying in the capital of Country A. As his wife, I can stay here too, and we can have fun together for five years." 
Before Ye Xingguang could finish speaking, Yen’an suddenly sniffed around like a dog in the small vegetable garden nearby, then walked over with great interest: "Wow! These are all rare herbs, and they’re growing here for free. Wow! I really want to dig up a couple and take them home." 
"Miss, this is our master’s herb garden, and outsiders aren’t allowed in casually." 
"What do you mean outsiders? We’ve come in, haven’t we? Aren’t we insiders then?" 
Yen’an couldn’t contain herself, excitedly pouncing into the herb garden, squatting inside and drooling over the herbs, wishing she could dig them all up. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang wished to stop her, but couldn’t hold back the unruly Yen’an, repeatedly apologizing to the woman leading the way and then headed inside. 
The woman leading the way couldn’t restrain Yen’an, the wild horse, and had no choice but to try to lead Ye Xingguang into the house.
The small villa wasn’t luxurious, more like a self-built house in the countryside, but it felt particularly comfortable. Ye Xingguang sat in the living room. 
"Mr. Xu has an afternoon nap habit, he hasn’t woken up yet, Miss Ye. Please enjoy some refreshments here and wait a moment. I’ll go inform Mr. Xu that you’ve arrived." 
"No rush, it’s fine. I have the whole afternoon free. It’s okay to wait for Mr. Xu to wake up." 
The woman serving her smiled slightly and went upstairs. 
Little Huahua couldn’t sit still, grabbed two candies from the coffee table, and happily ran out, curiously poking the cute little herbs next to Yen’an. As soon as she touched them, Yen’an stopped her: "Sweetheart, my little darling, these herbs are priceless, so don’t touch them. If you damage them, it would be a great sin." 
Little Huahua tore open the candy wrapper, rolling her eyes: "I have plenty of money, I’m the CEO of Superstar Group. If I damage them, I can pay for it." 
Yen’an rolled her eyes dramatically and clicked her tongue: "I know you’re loaded, but you can’t buy these things with money, get it?"
###Chapter 1144: Chapter 1144: The Little Mermaid Huahua 7
Old Mr. Xu already felt guilty, and upon hearing these words, he felt even more ashamed, to the point he wanted to stand up and apologize to Ye Xingguang. noveldrama
Yen’an pressed down on Old Mr. Xu’s shoulder and said, "Don’t give me that fake stuff. If an apology and a bow could offset the suffering she endured all those years, then if I shot you right now and then said sorry, would you accept that?" 
Old Mr. Xu was suddenly at a loss on how to make amends. 
Yen’an, after talking so much nonsense, finally got to the point: "It’s not that she can’t forgive you, but I’ve spent so many treasures and precious medicinal herbs on her. You’ll have to compensate me for these herbs. The herbs in your garden are barely acceptable, so I’ll give you a chance to atone. You can let me dig up any herbs from outside I want." 
Ye Xingguang kicked him, but Yen’an pretended not to feel pain, pointing at Old Mr. Xu aggressively: "Do you agree or not?" 
"Well... if you like, just take them." 
Back then, Xia Qiongqiong’s illness was serious, and Old Mr. Xu knew it. 
Xia Wealth had invited him to their home to treat Xia Qiongqiong. When he examined her, she was already critically ill. He wanted Xia Wealth to immediately take her to the hospital for inpatient treatment, thinking that as her father, he wouldn’t want to see his daughter gravely ill... 
Who knew that when he inquired at the hospital the next day about whether Xia Wealth had brought the child for treatment, the family had already gone out to sea for a vacation. 
Upon returning, Xia Wealth said that the child unfortunately fell overboard, and despite their efforts, they couldn’t recover her. 
Old Mr. Xu always knew this matter couldn’t be that simple. It was like a hurdle he couldn’t get over, a heavy stone in his heart, always hanging there, until some time ago when he saw related reports online... 
Old Mr. Xu sighed, looking at Ye Xingguang and said, "Old Xu has spent his life treating illnesses and saving people, but when it comes to you, child, I feel deep shame. Back then, I noticed you weren’t suited for the bone marrow transplant, and I told your father, but he insisted on saving your sister... I, I truly am... If the herbs in the garden are to your liking, feel free to take them." 
"Ha, these are your own words, so don’t go back on them." 
Yen’an shouted happily, then ran off like a wild horse, yelling, "Ah, ah, ah, my divine herbs, here I come..." 
"Old Sir, I don’t blame you. This wasn’t your fault. Just tell me about Little Blossom’s situation."
Ye Xingguang held Little Blossom’s hand and led her to sit back down on the sofa, saying, "Let go of the past. I have, and also, I’m in good health now." 
However, Old Mr. Xu couldn’t be as nonchalant as Ye Xingguang. But now, no matter how much he wanted to make up for it, it was probably too late, so he could only place his efforts to make amends on this little girl. 
This little girl looked exactly like Ye Xingguang, another little mermaid. Even knowing she was a little mermaid from the sea, Old Mr. Xu couldn’t help but make various associations, thinking this child might very well be a second-generation mermaid. 
Old Mr. Xu’s expression turned serious, pondering for a long while before hesitantly saying, "I was just about to talk to you about this child’s situation. I reviewed her medical examination report; the report looks fine, she’s healthy, but..."
###Chapter 1145: Chapter 1145: The Little Mermaid Huahua 8
Upon hearing just the word "but," Ye Xingguang’s heart abruptly tightened, and a sense of foreboding immediately sprang to mind. 
Ye Xingguang unconsciously held Xiao Huahua tighter and interrupted Mr. Xu before he finished, asking anxiously, "But what?"
Mr. Xu said, "Back then, during the Mermaid Transformation Plan, there was also a mermaid baby. She was a normal girl at birth, but suddenly grew a fishtail at the age of two or three."
"I’ve never heard of this," Ye Xingguang said, intrigued. 
Mr. Xu said, "Because it was never disclosed to the outside world, that’s why you couldn’t possibly have heard about it. After the Mermaid Transformation Plan was forced to halt, all the data had been locked away by the government. Now, it’s likely only the President has access to those archives." 
"But that’s not the main point. The main point is those girls who developed mermaid genes at the age of two or three. If you wish to know their situation, you can ask the President to retrieve their records, so you can understand more directly." 
Ye Xingguang thought for a moment: "I will." 
Given that mermaid genes manifested in those at the age of two or three, it implies there were other mermaids. But why has the government never mentioned this to the outside world? It surely isn’t that simple. 
With countless questions in her mind, Ye Xingguang had to suppress her curiosity and listen as Mr. Xu slowly continued. 
Mr. Xu’s gaze fell on Xiao Huahua, saying, "I suspect this little girl’s situation is similar to those two girls. May I ask her a few questions?" 
"Of course." 
Subsequently, Mr. Xu asked Xiao Huahua a few questions, and after she answered each one, Mr. Xu’s expression became particularly grave. 
Seeing Mr. Xu’s tense face, Ye Xingguang’s heart sank to the bottom; does this look bad? 
After asking, Mr. Xu motioned for Xiao Huahua to continue playing. She seemed carefree, without the slightest sense of crisis, grabbed a handful of candy, and went out to find Yen’an, still looking forward to pulling out weeds with him. 
After Xiao Huahua left again, Ye Xingguang asked nervously, "Mr. Xu, please, just tell me directly. Could it be that Xiao Huahua developing a mermaid tail is not a good thing for her?" noveldrama
Mr. Xu sighed: "This little girl’s situation is indeed similar to the girls in the Mermaid Transformation Plan who showed mermaid genes two years later. It’s not bad, but let’s just say, it’s not very good." 
"What does ’not very good’ mean?" 
Mr. Xu said, "There used to be two girls in the Mermaid Transformation Plan. One developed a fishtail at the age of two, the other at three and a half. We were delighted to learn about this, but unfortunately, neither girl lived past age seven." 
Ye Xingguang’s heart skipped a beat: "Mr. Xu, what do you mean? Why couldn’t they live past seven? Did they have some disease, were they seriously ill?" 
Mr. Xu said, "At that time, the most perfect mermaid was already Xia Yanyan, so when the government later discovered two more mermaids, it wasn’t announced publicly because the unique one is the most valuable. Back then, the most valuable mermaid was Xia Yanyan, so the other two girls were raised by the state but their identities weren’t disclosed. They were, essentially, just backups."
###Chapter 1146: Chapter 1146: The Little Mermaid Huahua 9
"The country hopes to raise a few more mermaids, in case something happens to Xia Yanyan, we could have other mermaids to step in, preventing such national treasures from going extinct. Unfortunately, despite meticulous care, the result was early death, which is truly heartbreaking. As for the cause of early death, many scientists researched their remains for several years and concluded that they all carried a genetic disease unique to mermaids." 
"This disease is not inherited by every mermaid. Fortunately, neither you nor Xia Yanyan inherited it. If that child is your own, it’s clear that there was a skip in generations in the genetic transmission." 
Ye Xingguang’s mind went blank, the world spinning around her. She grabbed the armrest of the sofa to steady herself. 
"Then... what should we do?" 
Her little Huahua is so adorable, how could she not live past the age of seven? 
Mr. Xu said, "Don’t panic, Miss Ye. Although two girls have unfortunately passed early because of this, that was when we had absolutely no research into this mermaid genetic disease. However, over the years, many doctors have dedicated significant effort to this research. Now, there might be a way. That’s why I say it’s not that it’s impossible to cure, but it’s not guaranteed yet. That girl is lucky." 
Ye Xingguang took a deep breath, "Mr. Xu, next time, can you tell me the outcome before the process? My heart can only take so much. You’re scaring me to death. As long as there’s a cure, I’m willing to pay any price. Please tell me how to treat it." 
Mr. Xu said, "I personally don’t have a way, as my research in this area is not as deep as another medical expert’s. I’ll give you a name, and you can find him. He is the expert with the deepest research into this genetic disease." 
"Who?" 
"Gu Zuoxing." 
Mr. Xu said, "Gu Zuoxing was just a teenager back then, interested in mermaids, so he followed Wang Lao to research. Wang Lao was the foremost medical expert in mermaid genetic diseases. However, after Wang Lao passed away, Gu Zuoxing never gave up on the research into mermaid genetic diseases. Now, if we talk about an expert in this field, it’s hard to find a second apart from Gu Zuoxing." 
... 
Ye’s Family Manor, in the living room. 
When asked by Ye Xingguang who "Gu Zuoxing" was, Song Chuanqi thought for a long time: "I think I have heard of this name, regarding medical experts. Dad doesn’t know much; maybe you should call Li Yu or Bo Jingyu." 
"Hmm, yeah." 
Ye Xingguang called Li Yu, but unfortunately, after several attempts, no one answered. Who knows where Brother Yu is off having fun? 
Ye Xingguang then called Bo Jingyu, the man she once patronized. noveldrama
Bo Jingyu said over the phone: "Gu Zuoxing? That business mogul from City S?"
"Ah? A business mogul, shouldn’t he be a doctor?" 
Bo Jingyu said, "He’s a medical school graduate, but he went into business after graduation. He’s a renowned business mogul. If you want to contact him, ask your man Ye Junqing. He certainly would have an easier time socializing with Gu Zuoxing since they’re in the same industry field." 
"Oh, thank you." 
After hanging up the phone, Ye Xingguang was about to call Ye Junqing when she saw Tang Zhou and Leng Chenmo coming in with fish they had caught. Ye Xingguang held back the call and asked the entering Leng Chenmo about Gu Zuoxing. Her family’s major connection with business moguls certainly means her elder brother knows him too.
###Chapter 1147: Chapter 1147: The Little Mermaid Huahua 10
After Leng Chenmo handed the fish he caught to his mother, he walked over to the sofa, sat down, and said, "Gu Zuoxing? I know him." 
"Big brother, do you have Gu Zuoxing’s phone number?" 
Leng Chenmo pulled out his phone, searching through the contacts, and asked her, "Why are you looking for Gu Zuoxing?" 
"Oh, Gu Zuoxing? Little sister-in-law, I know him too! He’s quite impressive, just not active in the capital!" 
Ye Xingguang explained Xiaohuahua’s situation, and Tang Zhou jumped up, "What? Is Old Xu talking nonsense? Xiaohuahua is so cute, so healthy, how could she have a genetic disease, and you aren’t sick, so how come she can’t live past seven?" 
"That’s what Old Xu said, I don’t know if it’s true or not. Old Xu said there were two girls in the past involved in a mermaid transformation program, and it was only at a certain age that they showed their tails, but coincidentally, they both contracted a genetic disease only mermaids could get. These confidential files are now only accessible to the President. My brother just called, and he said if he found the files, he’d send them to me." 
Tang Zhou jumped up, "Impossible, it must be nonsense. Little sidekick, quickly find the phone number, Gu Zuoxing is amazing." 
Leng Chenmo searched around and said, "Seems I deleted it." 
Tang Zhou: "..." 
Ye Xingguang: "..." 
Leng Chenmo: "Hold on, let me ask someone." 
Tang Zhou was nearly rolling his eyes, "Little sidekick, are you serious? Such an important phone number, and you deleted it? You really dropped the ball at a critical moment!" 
Leng Chenmo stayed quiet and asked other friends on WeChat. Very soon, he got the number. noveldrama
He directly copied the number, dialed it, and once connected, immediately adopted a tone like that of Ye Junqing’s, surprisingly casual for someone barely familiar with the other, and said, "It’s me, Leng Chenmo." 
This tone made it seem like they were lifelong friends when in reality, they didn’t even have each other’s phone numbers, so they weren’t really acquainted.
Not knowing what Gu Zuoxing said on the other end, Leng Chenmo responded, "I have something to ask of you. I’ll let my sister talk to you." 
Afterwards, Leng Chenmo handed the phone to Ye Xingguang. 
"Hello, Mr. Gu. I’m Ye Junqing’s wife, Leng Chenmo is my older brother, my name is Ye Xingguang." 
Tang Zhou, sitting beside, gave a thumbs up. This introduction was a bit clever, revealing her identity like this would ensure respect, even from strangers. When seeking help, a refusal was unlikely. 
"It’s like this, Mr. Gu, I heard you have quite a lot of research on mermaid genetic diseases. There’s a child here, at three years old she developed a mermaid tail. I took her for various health checks, and she’s all healthy, but after visiting Old Xu, he told me that the child is likely to have a mermaid genetic disease. He recommended you to me, saying you are an expert in this area, so I hope for your assistance." 
"Really? That’s wonderful, thank you, Mr. Gu, thank you. I’ll wait for your news. When you arrive in the capital, please let me know in advance, and I’ll send a car to pick you up... No trouble at all, not at all." 
After hanging up the call, Ye Xingguang returned the phone to Leng Chenmo. 
Tang Zhou, not knowing what Ye Xingguang heard, couldn’t help but impatiently asked, "What did Gu Zuoxing say? Can my dear niece Huahua’s genetic disease be cured? Oh dear, Xingguang, hurry up and spill it."
###Chapter 1148: Chapter 1148: The Little Mermaid Huahua 11
Ye Xingguang said, "Mr. Gu said he would come to the capital next week for a business trip and discuss it with me in detail. He said this genetic disease won’t immediately manifest, and Little Star’s health should remain good for at least a few years. He asked me not to worry. He has profound research in this area and is very willing to apply his research in practice." 
Tang Zhou was concerned, "Little Xingguang, are you sure he’s reliable? I think he only has theoretical experience, no practical experience, right? And he’s not a doctor; he’s a researcher. He probably doesn’t have any clinical experience." 
Ye Xingguang said, "Old Mr. Xu recommended him to me, perhaps because he finds him trustworthy? We’ll talk when he arrives; otherwise, there’s no other solution." 
She knew she couldn’t rush this matter. Mr. Gu said that Xiaohuahua wouldn’t get sick within a few years, which reassured her.
But upon learning that Little Xingguang had a genetic disease, which might cause her to not live past seven years old like the other two girls, her heart grew heavy, as if clouds were hanging over her, impossible to disperse. 
A little while later, Yi Yujian personally brought the documents of the other two girls for Ye Xingguang to review. 
Tang Zhou grabbed them to look, "There are actually two more beautiful little mermaids who died before turning seven? How many lives have been lost for the mermaid modification project? No wonder the human rights activists protested the project into cessation. Otherwise, if the mermaid modification project continued, how many innocent children would have been sacrificed?"
Bai Lanwu walked over and said, "Let me see." 
After looking at a few photos of the adorable little girls, Bai Lanwu couldn’t bear it and set the photos aside, pressing a hand to her heart. noveldrama
Though the girls in the photos were pretty and cute, thinking they’ve already passed away, like her own daughter who couldn’t grow up, Bai Lanwu’s heart ached sharply, and she shook her head as she sat on the sofa, "What a sin." 
Ye Xingguang was reading the documents, which detailed the state care for the two girls after they were identified as mermaids, as well as their subsequent health conditions and all medical records... 
Early on, both girls didn’t show pathological symptoms, but this genetic disease became active in their bodies once they developed mermaid tails, akin to human cancer—initially showing no symptoms, with cancer cells possibly living within the body for years or even decades, but once symptoms appear, it’s already terminal and without cure. 
Ye Xingguang’s heart tightened, knowing this disease might have already started in Xiaohuahua’s body, yet still invisible. 
She couldn’t wait any longer. Originally thinking a few days were fine, now she couldn’t even wait a minute. 
Since she needed help, she decided to personally take Xiaohuahua to find Gu Zuoxing—she couldn’t await Mr. Gu’s business trip to examine her daughter. Ye Xingguang wanted to book a ticket to S City, where Gu Zuoxing was currently residing. 
Bai Lanwu, having looked at the photos, agreed, "Since you need help, take Xiaohuahua and head over personally. Attend to your matters diligently; hurry, book the ticket." 
"Mom, I’m checking the flight information." 
At that moment, Night Junqing and Mo Yinhe, one big, one small, came home from work. Seeing quite a few people gathered in the living room and hearing the mother-in-law mention booking a flight ticket, he asked, "Where to? What happened?"
###Chapter 1149: Chapter 1149: I say, I’ll sleep with you, just you!
Ye Xingguang stood up, walked over to Ye Junqing, and told him everything that happened after meeting with Mr. Xu today. 
Ye Junqing listened with a furrowed brow and immediately said to Fu Zhuo, who hadn’t left yet, "Prepare the plane, we’re going to S City." 
Tang Zhou’s eyes twinkled, and he grabbed Leng Chenmo, saying, "Let’s go, let’s go, we’re going too. I absolutely love the local delicacies of S City, I haven’t been there in ages, and I’ve got quite a few good buddies in S City too." 
Leng Chenmo wanted to say he had plans tomorrow, he promised his adoptive father to guide Leng Chenfeng and set him on the right path, but with Tang Zhou’s bright eyes full of expectation looking at him, Leng Chenmo couldn’t bring himself to refuse any of his sudden requests. 
And so, they all boarded the private jet to S City. 
On the private jet, little Huahua asked curiously, "Mom, won’t I have school tomorrow? I really want to go to school." noveldrama
Ye Xingguang held her daughter in her arms, "Daddy and mommy are taking you and your brother on a trip, to S City, which has the most fun Disneyland. There are lots and lots of toys that little Huahua likes, and all kinds of bunny ears, cat ears. Don’t you want to go play?"
To tempt little Huahua, Ye Xingguang opened her phone and showed her pictures of Disneyland. 
"Wow! Mom, I want to go, I want to go, I want to go to Disneyland." 
Sitting in the seat next to them, Mo Yinhe, who was trying to sleep, really wanted to stuff a cloth into little Huahua’s mouth. Was it really that exciting? 
What a silly little fool! 
Originally, Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing president, wanted to scold. But thinking that Hua Xiaoyu might be sick, he generously endured little Huahua’s high-pitched yelling, reached out, covered his own ears, closed his eyes, and continued to sleep. 
Tang Zhou was watching a movie, propped up with one leg over the other, reclining the soft seat, wearing earphones, munching on a bucket of popcorn, while beside him, Leng Chenmo was leisurely reading a book. 
Ye Junqing was looking at the information of two other unfortunate mermaids, his face tense all the time, with lingering fears, mentally praying to each Buddha, grateful that his little fish tail hadn’t inherited it, otherwise... 
Ye Junqing’s heart was filled with waves of lingering fear. 
The plane landed in S City at already eleven o’clock at night. 
The CEO of Ye’s subsidiary had arranged for cars to pick them up, taking them directly to a five-star hotel owned by the Ye Group in S City. 
Ye Xingguang took the two children to bathe, and Mo Yinhe, with an unwilling face, didn’t want Ye Xingguang to see him without clothes, snorted twice arrogantly, and went with Ye Junqing to bathe. 
What a temperamental kid, what’s wrong with just having a look at him? She gave birth to him; what’s there to be shy about? 
Okay, she still didn’t know how she gave birth to him at this point. 
After bathing, Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing president, wearing the hotel’s robe, was the first to speak: "Tonight, I want to sleep with Hua Xiaoyu." 
"Do you also want to sleep with mom and dad? Wow, that’s great!" 
Mo the pig has always despised sleeping with mom and dad, does he finally realize how good it is? 
Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing president, rolled his eyes, had no interest in squeezing with many people on a bed. Isn’t owning a whole bed alone much better? But tonight, he wanted to sleep with little Huahua: "I said, I’ll sleep with you, just you!" 
"But, I want to sleep with mom and dad." 
Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing president: "Protest invalid."
###Chapter 1150: Chapter 1150: Mouth Dislikes, Body Says Brother
Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing CEO, never liked listening to others’ opinions and always had strong ideas. He used to dislike Little Flower clinging around his neck every night, but recently, after sleeping alone comfortably, he found it even more soothing to have a soft little thing clinging to him. 
Anyway, no matter how unwilling Little Flower was, he just dragged her to his little bedroom and pulled her onto the bed. 
Little Flower mumbled, "The teacher said girls can’t sleep with boys. It’s not allowed in kindergarten." 
Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing CEO, looked at her coldly, "I am your brother! Not a boy!" 
"So, are you a girl then?" 
"Shut up!" 
"Humph, can’t out-talk me, so you just tell me to shut up, Mo Big Pig. I’m going to sleep. Tomorrow we’re going to Disney, okay." 
Little Flower falls asleep quickly, can almost be calculated in seconds. 
Before sleeping, she didn’t want to snuggle Mo Yinhe. 
After falling asleep, she unconsciously stretched out two little hands and firmly clung to Mo Yinhe’s neck, making it hard for him to breathe. Normally very disdainful, Mo Yinhe tonight unexpectedly showed the patience of a brother, looking at her with eyes full of affection, willing to destroy the heavens and the earth for her. 
In the master bedroom of the suite, Ye Xingguang asked, "You didn’t tell Yinhe to take Little Flower away, did you?" 
After the initial novelty wore off, her big trouble at home was always somewhat resentful of Little Flower as a third wheel. Now that Little Yinhe had taken Little Flower away, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but overthink. 
Ye Junqing’s gaze deepened, raised his hand, and knocked on her head, "Am I that kind of man? Probably the daughter is sick and the son feels sorry for the daughter. They’ve lived together for so long, can’t you tell how much your son cares for your daughter?" 
Ye Xingguang rubbed her head and laughed, "Verbal disapproval but physical brotherhood, I don’t even know whose temper he’s inherited?" 
"Apart from yours, whose else?" Ye Junqing quickly shifted the blame. 
Ye Xingguang snuggled into the quilt and kicked him, "Who knows whose he’s inherited, sleep, so tired, tomorrow morning we’re going to find Mr. Gu. We didn’t have an appointment, wonder if he will see us." 
"I’ve got enough face as Ye Junqing." 
He held her in his arms, both worried about Little Flower, without other thoughts, and slept exceptionally peacefully that night. 
Early the next morning, before Ye Xingguang woke up, Ye Junqing contacted one of Gu Zuoxing’s friends, Zhou Jingwen. He originally met Zhou Jingwen because of Yan Xi. At his engagement party, Yan Xi’s male companion was Zhou Jingwen, and after Yan Xi introduced Zhou Jingwen to him, he helped Zhou Jingwen a lot in business back in the imperial capital, now it’s time for Zhou Jingwen to repay him. 
Zhou Jingwen, who received the call, happened to be in S City, and early in the morning gave his word to arrange a meeting with Gu Zuoxing. 
Zhou Jingwen and Gu Zuoxing grew up playing together as close friends, so Zhou Jingwen’s request was almost never refused by Gu Zuoxing. 
Knowing they were anxious, Gu Zuoxing postponed his morning meeting to the afternoon, letting Zhou Jingwen bring the guest from the imperial capital to his residence at Hansley’s Old House. Hence, Zhou Jingwen sent a car to pick them up from the hotel entrance early at eight-thirty. noveldrama
Tang Zhou didn’t go along; he couldn’t get up in the morning because he was too tired from playing last night, so in the end, Ye Junqing led a family of four onto Zhou Jingwen’s car. 
In the car, Ye Junqing said politely, "Mr. Zhou, thank you very much for your help this time."
###Chapter 1151: Chapter 1151: Just Do Your Best
"Zhou, you’re being too polite. It’s my honor to offer a little help to you; otherwise, I wouldn’t feel comfortable bothering you next time." Zhou Jingwen had brought along some famous breakfast items from S City, knowing that they had eaten at the hotel but still prepared some for the children. noveldrama
Little Huahua was especially happy, excitedly asking, "Are we going to the Disney amusement park?" 
Zhou Jingwen was very good at coaxing children, "Uncle will first take you to a place even more fun than Disney, and then in the afternoon, we’ll go to Disney, okay?" 
"Okay." Little Huahua held onto a new toy she had just received from Zhou Jingwen. 
A fluffy little puppy, just as cute as the real puppy at home. Little Huahua adored it, burying her little head into the puppy plush again and again, pressing the puppet against Mo Yinhe’s face, only to be pushed away by Little Mo’s disgust. 
The car drove along the bustling streets of S City, eventually heading toward the suburbs, entering Hansley’s Old House. 
The architectural style of S City is vastly different from that of the Imperial City, especially Hansley’s Old House, which is particularly poetic, with its pavilion-style garden, making it feel more like entering a tourist destination than someone’s home. 
"This garden must be hundreds of years old, right?" Ye Xingguang asked curiously. 
Zhou Jingwen smiled, "Not really, it’s only a bit over twenty years old, but it looks like an old building, doesn’t it? It’s something Zuo Xing’s father built specially for his mother, putting a lot of thought into it. Unfortunately, Zuo Xing’s parents didn’t get to enjoy it much, but Zuo Xing really loves this old house. If there’s nothing else to do, he’ll mostly live here with his sister." 
"What about his parents?" 
"Zuo Xing’s parents passed away early, and he relies on his sister. In Zuo Xing’s mind, his sister means everything to him." 
Ye Xingguang thought of her brother, which made her feel a bit more affectionate toward this Mr. Gu. 
They walked through the winding corridors and arrived at a reception room. After sitting briefly, Gu Zuoxing arrived. 
With an impressive physique and long legs that caught everyone’s eye, Gu Zuoxing entered casually dressed. Introduced by Zhou Jingwen, he shook hands with Ye Junqing, his voice gentle and calm, "Mr. Ye, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you." 
Ye Junqing nodded, "Mr. Gu, I’m here for something important, so I won’t be too formal. I’m sure you know why I’m here." 
"It’s my oversight. I should have arranged for today during yesterday’s call with Miss Ye," Gu Zuoxing gestured for everyone to sit. 
Seeing the kids present, he felt it was inconvenient and suggested to Zhou Jingwen, "Jingwen, why not take the kids to explore the garden?" 
"Sounds good." 
Once Zhou Jingwen took the kids away, Gu Zuoxing spoke without reservation about his research in this area, "Mr. Ye, to be honest, I have indeed studied this area extensively, but I’ve never had practical experience. Since there’s only one clinical subject, that little girl just now must be the patient, right? She’s probably my first clinical subject, so I can’t guarantee anything with absolute certainty, but I’ll give it my best shot." 
Ye Junqing sipped his tea, "Mr. Gu, you either trust someone fully or not at all. We’ve come a long way because we have full faith in you, and we only ask that you do your utmost." 
Ye Xingguang handed over all of Little Huahua’s medical examination reports, "Mr. Gu, these are all the child’s examination reports."
###Chapter 1152: Chapter 1152: Little Flower Is Not Convinced
Gu Zuoxing took the report and looked at it for a while, then placed it on the coffee table. 
He crossed his legs and leaned back in his chair, saying, "We might need to do a few more tests on the child to determine if she has a genetic disease, but I’m not a doctor and can’t prescribe the tests, so you’ll need to go to the hospital for them. I have a college classmate working at the hospital, and I’ll inform him of the necessary tests, so you can take your child directly to the hospital for them. I’ll have my classmate send me the report. So, you might need to stay in S City for a few more days." 
Ye Junqing set his teacup down on the coffee table, saying, "No problem. I have a question, if it’s confirmed the child has the mermaid’s genetic disease, Mr. Gu, how do you plan to treat it?" 
Gu Zuoxing said, "Although I can’t guarantee it, I’ve researched this disease for a long time and have done experiments on some animals. The treatment plan we came up with, a traditional Chinese medicine formula, if diagnosed early, can heal through traditional Chinese medicine treatment, but there has never been a clinical subject, so I’m not 100% sure we can cure the girl." 
Ye Junqing understood, and after Gu Zuoxing contacted his doctor friend, Ye Junqing took Little Huahua to the hospital for all the tests on Gu Zuoxing’s prescription. After all the tests were done, it was already a little past four in the afternoon. 
Little Huahua was furious, they’d said they were taking her to Disney, but she ended up being tricked into going to the hospital. 
After leaving the hospital, Little Huahua suddenly didn’t want to be cute anymore, curled up in the car, unhappy, upset. The tests were uncomfortable, and right now she didn’t even want to give anyone a smile, pouting as she played her puzzle game. 
When they were near the hotel, Ye Xingguang tried to take her out of the car, but Little Huahua wouldn’t let herself be carried, clinging to the car, continuing to play her game. 
Ye Junqing tried to carry her out, but she wouldn’t let him. Ye Junqing coaxed her for a long time, but Little Huahua was not having it. Helplessly, Ye Junqing forcibly took her out of the car, held her in his arms, and teased her, asking what she wanted to eat for dinner. 
Little Huahua didn’t want to eat. She had set out happily in the morning, expecting fun all day, but she was tricked; her heart felt deeply hurt. 
"Daddy, am I sick?" 
"It’s just a routine check-up; mom and dad do one every year too." 
"Don’t lie to me, I’m not a little three-year-old." 
Problem is, she is a three-year-old. 
Little Huahua snorted, "I am the president of Superstar Group! Not an ordinary three-year-old. Am I going to die from illness?" 
"Stop talking nonsense, that’s not happening." 
Little Huahua pouted, "I don’t want to trust you anymore. You didn’t take me to Disney, my little heart is completely shattered, all broken." 
Ye Xingguang, holding Mo Yinhe’s hand next to her, said, "Tomorrow, mom will take you to play, promise not to trick you, if I lie, then I’m a puppy. Little Huahua, don’t be upset, okay?" 
"Really?" Little Huahua was half-believing. 
Ye Xingguang said, "Of course, mom will pinky promise with you." 
Little Huahua hesitated to extend her pinky and said in her childlike voice, "I don’t want to pinky promise with mom, I want to pinky promise with Piggy Mo, Piggy Mo always keeps his promises with me, I trust Piggy Mo." noveldrama
Ye Xingguang immediately picked up Mo Yinhe, giving him a look. Little Mo, always disdainful, rolled his eyes at Little Huahua, reluctantly extending his pinky.
###Chapter 1153: Chapter 1153: Little Flower Actually Did Something Like This?
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, hooked fingers with the little flower, listening earnestly to her voice: "Hook fingers, hang yourself, a hundred years, no changes allowed." 
"Finally, she solemnly added, "Seal it." 
Just after completing this solemn ceremony, the little flower immediately perked up, fully restored: "Yay!" 
Then, she blinked her big eyes: "Big Pig Mo, am I really not sick?" 
"You are sick." 
Ye Jincheng and Ye Xingguang exchanged disapproving looks at their son, but Mo Yinhe didn’t care at all: "Otherwise, why would I take you to the hospital? But it’s just being sick, with me here, what are you afraid of?" 
That arrogant tone, as if to say, with me here, even if the sky falls, what do you have to fear? 
Arrogance, just one word! 
The little flower tilted her head thoughtfully, yeah, with Big Pig Mo around, what’s there to fear about being sick? 
Once she figured this out, the little flower stopped worrying about it. She touched her hungry, flattened tummy and yelled for food. 
The family of four went back to the hotel room to rest a bit, then headed to the hotel’s buffet restaurant to fill up. 
Sitting in the buffet, Ye Xingguang was eating while texting Tang Zhou, asking where he was. 
Three minutes later, Tang Zhou replied: "I’m watching a movie with my little follower! Whoa, this movie is so good, the male lead is exactly my type! Ah, I’m going crazy, those eyes, that temperament, suddenly my little follower doesn’t seem so appealing anymore, what to do, I want to jump ships, don’t tell the little follower." 
But Ye Xingguang instantly took a screenshot and sent it to Leng Chenmo. noveldrama
After doing this naughty act, she chuckled twice. 
"What are you laughing at?" Ye Jincheng asked her. 
Ye Xingguang handed her phone over for the big troublemaker to see, and then Ye Jincheng also laughed. He curiously asked, "Who’s your idol?" 
Ye Xingguang blinked her eyes, this was a dangerous question, she refused to answer! 
Ye Jincheng patted the girl’s head, mused for a moment, then guessed a name: "Shen Xingyao, right?" 
Ye Xingguang’s eyes widened dramatically, how did the big troublemaker know, was he a worm in her belly? 
Ye Jincheng hummed softly, looking confident: "I just knew it was him." 
Ye Xingguang: "..." So, what did she do wrong? She did nothing wrong, and yet someone was humming softly, doesn’t everyone have an idol or two? 
The little flower curiously asked: "Who’s Shen Xingyao?" 
"Oh, a huge celebrity." 
Talking about Shen Xingyao, Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but educate her daughter: "An actor with amazing acting skills and extremely handsome features, a huge celebrity who only acts in TV shows or movies, but never participates in any variety shows, and not even willing to do publicity with his agency, a very low-key yet very popular actor, mommy really likes him."
After speaking, Ye Xingguang opened her phone to find Shen Xingyao’s stills to show the little flower, because Shen Xingyao didn’t attend any events, apart from the stills, there were practically no photos of him attending events. 
The little flower, hugging the phone for two seconds, said: "Wow! I like him too! I want to keep him! Can I keep him? Under the sea, whoever I like, I can keep them, I have lots of money." 
Ye Xingguang: "..." 
The little flower, in the undersea world, could actually do something like that? 
Mo Yinhe took the phone from the little flower’s hands, glanced at it: "Heh, not a big deal, what do you think?" 
Mo Yinhe asked Ye Jincheng.
###Chapter 1154: Chapter 1154: Ye Junqing Growing Fonder of His Son
Ye Junqing looked sharply at the man in the stills: "Just an ordinary guy, not as handsome as us, doesn’t earn as much as us, lives off a bunch of female fans. To put it bluntly, he’s basically a man kept by a group of women." 
Mo Yinhe, for once, agreed with Ye Junqing, raised a glass of drink, and proposed a toast: "Great minds think alike, let’s toast." 
"Cheers!" Ye Junqing was even fonder of his son. 
Xiaohuahua hugged Ye Xingguang’s arm: "They’re just jealous, right?" 
"Of course." Ye Xingguang had her own stance, she had to defend her idol. Anyway, after refusing to answer the tricky question, the guy still blurted out her idol’s name. At that moment, she realized the advantage of having a daughter; when it’s time to unite, she wouldn’t lack allies. 
At this time, a man approached them politely and said, "Excuse me, sorry to interrupt, my last name is Xu, Xu Hai. I’m preparing for a movie, currently looking for a leading actress. I think Miss Ye, your temperament matches perfectly with the female lead in my new movie. Are you interested?" 
Xu Hai, not a very well-known director domestically, was staying at the hotel, having dinner in the buffet restaurant, when he saw Ye Xingguang. 
Xu Hai immediately recognized Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang. He had always felt that Ye Xingguang’s temperament was gentle, like the female lead in his new movie. But Ye Xingguang wasn’t just anyone; he couldn’t just ask her to be the female lead and expect her to agree, so Xu Hai wasn’t hopeful. 
However, running into Ye Xingguang at the hotel tonight stirred something inside him, and he mustered the courage to take the hit. 
Xu Hai was already prepared to be rejected, having resolved that since he encountered her, he would try persistently and do his utmost to win Ye Xingguang over, even if it meant three humble visits to the coach. 
Ye Xingguang was completely stunned: "Huh? I didn’t major in performing arts." 
"That’s okay." 
Given the fan traffic of the Koi Girl on the internet, even without a performing arts background, the traffic she could drive is enough to get consumers to buy a movie ticket. Besides, Xu Hai genuinely felt Ye Xingguang was especially suitable for the movie script he had. 
Ye Xingguang wondered if he might be a scammer, and she declined: "Sorry, I really can’t act in movies." 
"Can I?" Xiaohuahua raised her adorable face: "I can’t either, but I can learn."
Ye Xingguang patted Xiaohuahua’s head: "You can’t either." noveldrama
She needed to take good care of her health and get better. 
Xu Hai, unwilling to give up, decided on an alternative approach: "Of course, you can. The female lead in my movie has a child, and this little beauty could perfectly play the daughter in the script. I overheard you mention Shen Xingyao while you were chatting. Actually, my ideal male lead for this film is Shen Xingyao. If you agree to be the female lead, I’ll make sure Shen Xingyao plays the male lead, then you can act with your idol. Miss Ye, please reconsider, I assure you won’t regret it." 
"She’s not interested!" Ye Junqing, who was eating at the side, coldly spoke up upon hearing Shen Xingyao’s name. 
Mo Yinhe immediately joined in, pointing at Xiaohuahua, saying, "She’s not interested either." 
"I’m interested!" Ye Xingguang and Xiaohuahua said in unison!
###Chapter 1155: Chapter 1155: You Will Absolutely Enjoy It
Ye Xingguang: "I may not have the acting skills yet, but I can learn! It’s perfect, I’m just sitting idle anyway. Director Xu, I think you have exceptional vision. I learn quickly! But just to be clear, I’ll only be responsible for the filming, not the promotion, like Shen Xingyao. I won’t participate in any pre or post film promotions!"
Xu Hai, visibly excited: "No problem, no problem, as long as you are willing to take the role, everything else can be negotiated!" 
Xu Hai took out his business card: "This is my card. Although my movies haven’t gained much popularity, and I’m not a big-name director, the original story of the film I want to make is excellent. Trust me, filming this movie will absolutely be an enjoyable experience for you." 
Xu Hai knew that Miss Ye in front of him was neither short on fame nor fortune. Promises of a dazzling future wouldn’t attract her. For someone like her from a wealthy family, probably only her interest would capture her attention. 
Ye Xingguang was entirely in it for her idol but didn’t want to make it too obvious. She pretended to ask, "Can I see the script first? If it’s as compelling as you say, I’ll do it." 
"Well, Miss Ye, there isn’t a script yet. This project is based on a web novel which is very popular right now and has just concluded. If you agree, I’ll immediately contact the author to purchase the rights and start adapting it into a script." 
Xu Hai pulled out his phone, searched for the web novel, casually pulled up a chair, and sat down. While handing the web novel to Ye Xingguang, he enthusiastically explained the story summary. Despite being chilled by the combined frosty aura of Ye Junqing and Mo Yinhe, he persisted in narrating the plot to Ye Xingguang, braving the coldness like a winter’s day. 
Xu Hai said: "Miss Ye, look, this story is about going to the civil affairs bureau to draw lots for a partner. The female protagonist is the manager of a mystical bookstore known as the Time Bookstore. This magical bookstore can fulfill any demand, given an equivalent price. Because the protagonist owns this bookstore, she’s privy to people’s life and death. She discovers her beloved idol has less than a year to live. To save his life, she decides to enter his world, so she hacks into the civil affairs bureau’s lottery system to ensure she draws the male lead..." 
Director Xu Hai was chattering on, unable to stop once he started, while Ye Xingguang listened intently. Ye Junqing had already taken out his phone to send a WeChat message to Fu Zhuo, glanced at the script on the table, and instructed Fu Zhuo to buy the copyright for this web novel. 
Fu Zhuo was bewildered, unable to figure out why Master Jing suddenly showed interest in a web novel... 
Nevertheless, Fu Zhuo dared not refuse Master Jing’s request, so he immediately sought out information and eventually found the author of the web novel. 
He was utterly astonished by what he discovered. 
The author of the web novel turned out to be Xiao Mi Hu! 
Fu Zhuo rubbed his eyes hard, was he seeing things? noveldrama
Fu Zhuo knew that aside from being a college student, Xiao Mi Hu occasionally wrote web novels, but he hadn’t expected Master Jing to be interested in her work. 
Fu Zhuo promptly called Mo Fei, who was at home enjoying a barbecue with Xiao Mi Hu, concisely expressing the intention to purchase the rights to Xiao Mi Hu’s web novel.
###Chapter 1156: Chapter 1156: From now on, I will cling to your coattails!
Fu Zhuo immediately called Mo Fei, who was at home having barbecue with Xiao Mi Hu, and clearly expressed his desire to buy the rights to Xiao Mi Hu’s web novel. 
Xiao Mi Hu was dumbfounded: "The big villain wants to buy the rights to my novel, ah ah ah? What’s he planning? He even wants the film rights, is he going to make my novel into a movie? Ah ah ah, I’m going to be famous, famous, famous!" 
Fu Zhuo: "Calm down first, are you selling?" 
Xiao Mi Hu: "Sell, of course sell! But I can’t make the decision myself, you need to contact the editorial department of the website for the rights. I’ll give you the editor’s phone number now." 
Fu Zhuo: "Okay, hurry up." 
After getting the editor’s phone number, Fu Zhuo dialed it, and before Xu Hai, the director, finished the story, Fu Zhuo already reached an agreement with the editor on the sale of the film rights. 
Once the verbal agreement was settled, Fu Zhuo called Ye Junqing with four words: "Mission accomplished." 
Ye Junqing looked at Fu Zhuo’s reply on WeChat, feeling much calmer. He didn’t want to give anyone the rights to film it; now, he’ll see how Fish Tail acts with her idol! 
But when Xiao Mi Hu learned from the editor that the sale of the film rights was verbally finalized, she excitedly sent three big worship emojis to Ye Junqing in the Ye’s Family group chat. 
Right after Xu Hai finished boasting, Ye Xingguang saw Xiao Mi Hu spamming gratitude messages to the big boss in the group chat. Ye Xingguang looked over, the web novel Xiao Mi Hu talked about was exactly the one Xu Hai had discussed with her. 
Ye Xingguang exclaimed: "Director Xu, is the pseudonym of the author ’I’m the Cutest’ for the web novel you mentioned?" 
Director Xu Hai glanced at the author of the web novel: "That’s right, the pseudonym is ’I’m the Cutest.’" 
Ye Xingguang laughed: "What a coincidence, this web novel is written by my friend, and my husband has already bought the film rights for it. He’s supporting me so well, I won’t let him down. I would love to play the lead role in this movie." 
Sitting beside them was Mo Yinhe, whose perfectly delicate face remained gloomy. Suddenly, he looked at the similarly cold-faced Ye Junqing, his eyes full of disbelief and anger: "Traitor!" 
Ye Junqing, who had planned to secretly buy the film rights to prevent Director Xu Hai from getting them: "..." 
Director Xu Hai, full of joy: "Thank you so much, Mr. Ye, I will definitely make this movie well." 
The plot twisted, and Ye Junqing, seen as a traitor by his son: "!!!" 
After Director Xu Hai left, Little Flower excitedly jumped into Ye Junqing’s arms: "Daddy, I love you so much!" noveldrama
Ye Xingguang: "Honey, I love you too." 
Xiao Mi Hu in the family group chat: "@Ye Junqing, ahhhhh, how do I express my admiration for you? I think you’ve been enveloped by a glow of wisdom like a true talent spotter! I’ve decided, from now on, I want to cling to you tightly! No, let my Mo Fei cling to you tightly!! I’m so excited, my goodness!" 
Ye Xingguang holding her phone: "Mi Hu, you should thank me. A director wants me to play the female lead in your novel, and my Ah Qing bought your novel’s rights because he loves me so much, otherwise you wouldn’t have a big boss to cling onto."
###Chapter 1157: Chapter 1157: Ye Jun Qing Decides to Permanently Ban Xiao Mi Hu!
Xiao Mi Hu: "Ahhhhh! Really? You’re going to play the female lead in my novel? Xingguang, you have such great taste! When I first started writing this novel, I was inspired by your experience of getting a big unlucky draw. I modeled the female lead on you, and now you’re going to play her. Ahhhhh, I must tell my thousands of fans in the fan group! By the way, which director? Has the male lead been chosen?" 
Ye Xingguang: "The male lead is Shen Xingyao." 
Xiao Mi Hu: "Ahhhhh! I’m losing my mind! Tell me this isn’t a dream! I’m so happy I could faint. What day is it today? Why does happiness hit like a tornado? I can’t believe it. Who’s the director?" 
Ye Xingguang: "Xu Hai." 
Ji Qishu: "Who? Never heard of him."
Tang Zhou: "Same here, never heard of him." 
Xiao Mi Hu: "Xu Hai? I know! I know! He’s done several obscure films. They may not be box office hits, but they’re really well-made. He’s very talented; he just doesn’t like making commercial films, only niche ones. If he did, he’d be famous by now. Ahhh..." 
Ji Qishu: "If you keep spamming with ahhh, I’ll kick you out of the group." 
Xiao Mi Hu: "Boo hoo, can’t I express my excitement?" 
Ji Qishu: "What network novel did you write? Send the link over; I want to see it." 
Xiao Mi Hu immediately shared the link in the group, not forgetting to say: "Dear viewers, don’t forget to tip me. I rely on all you big shots to support me, begging for tips! @Ji Qishu @Tang Zhou @Ye Xingguang" 
Just after sending, Xiao Mi Hu received a system message: You have been removed from the group chat by the group owner! 
Seeing this system message, Xiao Mi Hu jumped up and down in anger, grabbing Mo Fei’s phone to continue shouting in the group. 
Ji Qishu: "Ji Qishu, you despicable little person, you actually kicked me out of the group chat. What did I do to you? If you don’t want to tip me, just don’t tip me, why kick me out?" 
Ji Qishu: "Ah, you’re not Mo Fei, you’re Xiao Mi Hu? When did I ever kick you out of the group chat?" 
Xiao Mi Hu: "You still dare deny it, I’ve already been kicked out of the group chat. If it wasn’t you, then who was it?" 
Ji Qishu: "Idiot, look clearly; I’m not a group admin, I don’t have the authority to kick people." 
Tang Zhou added: "The only group owner here is Brother Qing." 
Xiao Mi Hu: "..." 
Xiao Mi Hu: "Boo hoo hoo, big shot, I wasn’t spamming, really wasn’t spamming. Why did you kick me out?" 
Ye Junqing ignored her, fuming at the moment. Who would’ve thought the author of this web novel was actually Xiao Mi Hu? 
Now that the plan had fallen apart, having to watch Xiao Mi Hu jump around excitedly, Ye Junqing decided to permanently ban Xiao Mi Hu! 
... noveldrama
In the evening, after bathing with Xiaohuahua, Xiaohuahua wouldn’t go to sleep without hearing a fairy tale. Having exhausted every single fairy tale that wasn’t appealing, Ye Xingguang simply used Xiao Mi Hu’s novel as a bedtime story, reading it to Xiaohuahua: 
With the population aging issue becoming more serious, the government of Country A was forced to implement a policy: unmarried men and women who hadn’t yet graduated college could go to the Civil Affairs Bureau for a partner lottery if they couldn’t find one themselves. 
Sophomore Bing Xia excitedly rushed into the Civil Affairs Bureau. 
To increase her chances, she wrote her choice of partner repeatedly and firmly in the criteria section: I want to marry the superstar Mo Liuyun!
###Chapter 1158: Chapter 1158 The Moment to Witness a Miracle Has Arrived!
Mo Liuyun is the hottest superstar in the entertainment industry. 
But, he’s quit the scene! 
Because he didn’t want to be exploited, he had to go home and inherit billions! 
At the time, no one knew Mo Liuyun’s background was unfathomable. Xu Jing, the big boss of Changmao Group, wanted to exploit Mo Liuyun but ended up getting humiliated. Mr. Xu thought Mo was asking for trouble and wanted to target him! 
Tiantian Entertainment, the agency Mo Liuyun belonged to, didn’t help him and even said Mo Liuyun was being arrogant, offending Mr. Xu, and if he didn’t shape up, he’d be sidelined! 
Mo Liuyun sneered, "Who cares?" 
Then, he directly posted on Weibo: This circle isn’t worthy of me, I’m taking my leave. 
That’s right! He didn’t even blink! He just quit the scene! 
Suddenly, the agency exploded, the media exploded, the fans exploded, the entire entertainment industry exploded, even bystanders exploded! 
Everybody was looking for him, but Mo Liuyun had vanished into thin air! 
Until half a month later... 
A hot search suddenly appeared: Changmao Group and Tiantian Entertainment were aggressively acquired! 
Reporters dug around and found out that Mo Liuyun, who couldn’t get by in the entertainment world, was forced by his family to take over the trillion-dollar family business. With a wave of his hand, Changmao Group and Tiantian Entertainment were his. 
After filling out the information, Bing Xia stood in front of the matchmaking system to draw lots for a partner. 
The rules for drawing lots: The computer randomly provides 10 names, and the drawer can choose the one they are most attracted to. noveldrama
The staff at the civil affairs office said, "Don’t be nervous. The country has gone to great lengths to help you singletons find your ideal partner. It’ll match comprehensively from factors like birthdate, personality, family background, education, values, appearance, and partner standards. Through big data analysis, it picks ten most suitable candidates for you. No matter which one you choose, it’s a good match. So make your choice boldly." 
Bing Xia pursed her lips. Does she lack a good match? 
NO! What she lacks is Mo Liuyun!" 
She unexpectedly found out that there’s a small bug in the civil affairs office’s matchmaking system. 
That bug is: If you fill in someone’s name as your partner standard, the system will filter out the number corresponding to that name for you to draw. If you fill it in ten times, then all ten numbers will be the same person. 
Sigh~~~ 
The moment to witness a miracle has come! 
... 
With a "ding" sound, a message notification from the civil affairs office flew into the spacious and brightly lit conference room. 
The man sitting at the head of the conference table, with a lazy boss posture, casually picked up his phone and glanced at it: 
[Congratulations, Mr. Mo, you have been selected by Bing Xia at the civil affairs office. From this moment, Bing Xia is your legal fiancée. Please proceed to the civil affairs office within two hours to take her home.] 
[According to national policies, for the next year, you must support her, care for her, protect her, and have no other women besides her!] 
[If you have ions to this national assignment, please apply to the civil affairs office to annul this official match a year from today. Until then, you have no right to refuse this national assignment.] 
"..." 
As if in disbelief, the man sat up straight, his deep eyes fixed on the message, reading it again. 
Seeing his grandson only focused on his phone and ignoring himself, Grandpa Mo was completely furious, slamming his hand on the desk! 
"You brat, you still have the heart to look at your phone. I’m telling you, Lan Nan is the granddaughter of my sworn brother. Years ago, when the Lan’s Family faced a catastrophe, Lan Nan was sent abroad to hide. Now she’s finally back home. Whether you want to marry her or not, you must!"
###Chapter 1159: Chapter 1159: This Time, You Probably Can’t Make Decisions on Your Own
"Besides, how is Lan Nan not good enough for you? Hmm? Your Grandpa Lan only had this one precious granddaughter. On his deathbed, he entrusted me to ensure your marriage when you both grew up. If you don’t agree, how can I face him in the afterlife?" 
Mo Grandpa was met with this response: "You can immigrate and join Jesus in the afterlife." 
Pfft... 
Mo LiuLian nearly burst out laughing. His brother’s words were simply brilliant! 
However, it wasn’t just Grandpa pushing for the marriage today; the whole board was exerting pressure. Could his brother withstand it? noveldrama
In fact, his brother didn’t mind marrying Lan Nan, but the Lan Nan who returned to the country this time was an imposter! 
Unfortunately, his brother couldn’t provide any evidence, and now everyone thought he was slandering Lan Nan’s identity just because he didn’t want to marry her, which was utterly shameless and despicable. 
Truth be told, his brother had been frantically searching for the real Lan Nan over the years! 
To find Lan Nan, his brother even stooped to entering the entertainment industry. 
All because... 
As a child, during a game of hide and seek, Lan Nan said, "If you can’t find me, you should stand on the most dazzling stage like a TV star, then I’d be so mesmerized that I wouldn’t want to play hide and seek with you anymore." 
Sadly, even when his brother became a household name as an award-winning actor, the real Lan Nan didn’t come to find him, but rather an imposter did! 
Mo Grandpa, furious at his grandson’s defiance, grabbed a folder from the table and hurled it at Mo Liuyun. 
"You ungrateful grandson! I’ll have Lan Nan move into your Mo mansion. If you’re unwilling, you can resign in disgrace. Also, during the cohabitation, Lan Nan must sleep in your bedroom, in your bed. Love develops over time..." 
The board members, each with their own ulterior motives, upon hearing this, had restless thoughts, hoping Mo Liuyun would persist in resistance and resign in disgrace. 
"I’m afraid I can’t comply. My bedroom has already been reserved by another girl." 
As expected, Mo Liuyun didn’t disappoint. His deep eyes, filled with profound longing, rested on his phone’s screensaver. 
The screensaver was an old photo, showing a little girl’s soft, adorable face. 
Those eyes, as bright as stars, carried an unparalleled pride and innate nobility, but only softened with infinite tenderness and affection when looking at the girl on the screensaver. 
Mo Grandpa glared at him: "What do you mean by that? Has some little enchantress outside already captivated your soul? I’m telling you, without my consent, no woman other than Lan Nan can enter my Shao family home!" 
"This time, I fear you can’t make the decisions alone." 
People still didn’t know what Mo Liuyun had up his sleeve. The next moment, the contents of a message from the civil affairs bureau appeared on the meeting room’s projection screen. 
Wow! Mo LiuLian sat up straight. What kind of divine reversal was this? 
The board members were stunned, and Mo Grandpa was even more dumbfounded, with anger choking him, unable to spit it out or swallow it. 
"What kind of whimsical couple arrangement is this from the state when my grandson had already been in a childhood engagement!" 
"I need to go to the civil affairs bureau to pick someone up, feel free to stay or leave!" 
With that, Mo Liuyun, who had been pressured for half an hour, turned and left in front of everyone. 
...... 
Bing Xia was nervous to death, never expecting that the idol she had been infatuated with for years would arrive at the civil affairs bureau so quickly.
###Chapter 1160: Chapter 1160: A Wolf in Sheep’s Clothing!
Standing in front of his tall and imposing figure, she suddenly didn’t know where to place her hands and feet, and all the blood in her body was rushing to her head. 
They say beauty lies in the bone, not the skin, but Mo Liuyun, who stood above her, was both lean and well-proportioned, possessing both skin and bone. His every gesture exuded an innate laziness and nobility that she couldn’t resist—what was she to do? 
Yet, his expression was distant and indifferent, shrouded in a coldness that kept people at bay, making Bing Xia hesitant to speak up. She stood quietly before the man she admired, feeling awkward as she let him scrutinize her from head to toe. 
"Are you sure you want to come home with me? Is that right?" Mo Liuyun’s gaze was penetrating, devoid of warmth. 
"Yes." 
She had gone through a lot of trouble to win him over, though her methods weren’t exactly honorable. 
Mo Liuyun let out a cold laugh: "I can tell you clearly that I’m not interested in you. In a year, I’ll apply to dissolve the official pairing. Are you still sure?" 
Bing Xia’s face burned with shame, but... 
She felt lost all these years, her heart empty, until she saw Mo Liuyun on TV. Suddenly, Bing Xia felt her heart completely filled. Yes—she felt that her life was only complete with him in it! 
So, 
"I—I know being picked at the Civil Affairs Bureau isn’t a pleasant experience. I’m only here because I have no choice, because I’m so broke I can’t afford to eat, so I desperately need to find someone to support me." 
"But don’t worry, I’m easy to support; just give me a meal, and I promise not to disrupt your life. If after a year you think we’re incompatible, I won’t cling to you, so—so don’t feel too burdened..." 
Pushing herself to her limits to sell herself, Bing Xia concluded with: "I’ll be good, very good..." 
Her soft and tender voice was like silk wrapping around him, easily dissolving any iron will. 
Mo Liuyun stared at the obedient Bing Xia, and somehow, the soft child’s voice of Lan Nan from his childhood flashed into his mind: "Brother Yun, please play with me. I’ll be good, very good..." 
Mo Liuyun’s heart uncontrollably ached for a moment. noveldrama
That stunning face momentarily revealed a softness he himself didn’t notice. Then he reached out, pinching Bing Xia’s chin, forcing her to raise her head and meet his gaze. For some reason, looking at the girl in front of him made him think of Lan Nan. 
"What’s your name?" 
Bing Xia looked up, her eyes meeting a pair of deep and charming eyes: "Bing Xia, like a cool summer." 
"Age." 
"I’m just twenty today." 
She’s not her... 
Perhaps it was an illusion, but for a moment, he thought the girl in front of him was the Lan Nan he had been searching for. Unfortunately, what a coincidence that would be. How could the country bring the person he couldn’t find to him? 
Regardless, the country did him a favor indeed—he really did need a woman to fend off the old man’s relentless pressure. 
Mo Liuyun didn’t ponder for long, holding her chin and looking down at her: "I can take you home, but... you’d better mean what you say and not have any inappropriate thoughts about me." 
Bing Xia nodded obediently, quite agreeable. 
But, that was impossible—Bing Xia was actually a wolf in sheep’s clothing!
###Chapter 1163: Chapter 1163: Scumbag Ye Junqing, Regretful of the Past!
"Ah? What about Miss Lan? Miss Lan has a childhood betrothal to the gentleman, and she moved in this morning. Are they going to have two women serving one husband?" 
"Right, Miss Lan is so exceptional, she’s Master Mo’s beloved treasure. Now someone has rudely intervened; this Miss Bing has no shame. Isn’t she openly snatching Miss Lan’s fiancé? Ha, mistresses nowadays are taking legal routes!" noveldrama
... 
Ye Xingguang stopped reading this online novel here because Ye Junqing finished his bath and walked out of the bathroom. 
Ye Junqing said, "Trashy novels, what’s there to read? They’re all just fantasies." 
Ye Xingguang disagreed, "Why not read it? I totally understand this Bing Xia, you know? Because after I got matched with you, I also heard the maids at your house gossiping about me, saying I’m a shameless mistress, openly snatching the fiancé from Xia Yanyan." 
Ye Junqing’s eyes turned cold, "Which maid said that?" 
"This has nothing to do with the maids, okay? It’s you men not behaving well that makes the maids misunderstand that your true love is someone else. After you got matched with me, you left me at home and ignored me. Your attitude determined the maids’ attitudes, of course. Ha, back then, someone really despised me..." 
Talking about it, Ye Xingguang felt sad. 
Ye Junqing got into bed, but she refused to let him. She kicked him, "Tonight I’ll sleep with Little Flower, and you sleep with Yinhe." 
Ye Junqing, who was kicked to the ground, watched the grievance on Little Fish Tail’s face calculating the autumn later. He bent down, wanting to hold her and apologize, but unfortunately, Little Fish Tail was in an emotional state, impervious to reason. She jumped off the bed and pushed him out all the way to the master bedroom door, then slammed it shut. 
Mo Yinhe, who had finished his bath and planned to drag Little Flower to the guest bedroom to sleep, saw Ye Junqing being thrown out. 
"Ha, traitor, now you’re getting what you deserve." 
Ye Junqing was mocked by his son. He picked him up effortlessly, then walked into the guest bedroom. 
Little Mo was equally disdainful, "Can’t you sleep on the couch in the living room?" 
The sofa in this hotel’s suite living room is very high-class, it wouldn’t wrong a certain traitor at all. 
Unfortunately, Ye Junqing ignored him and pointed to the communication ring on Mo Yinhe’s finger, "Help me look up something." 
Reluctantly, Mo Yinhe tugged at the blanket, pulling it all to his side, and snorted, "Look up what?" 
Ye Junqing wanted to check which maids were gossiping behind the back after Little Fish Tail moved into the Ye’s family estate. 
Reluctantly, the young domineering president Mo Yinhe opened the "Healing System," pulled up surveillance from that period, and upon investigation, found there were indeed many maids gossiping. 
After watching it, the young domineering president Mo Yinhe looked down on a certain self-proclaimed father and tagged him with another label: "Scumbag!" 
Scumbag Ye Junqing, regretted it too late! 
He decided to fire all those maids, but even doing so could not cover up his scumbag nature. 
To atone, Ye Junqing decided not to stop Little Fish Tail from filming, and even planned to invest in the drama. 
The next morning, Ye Junqing told Ye Xingguang of his decision, and Ye Xingguang reluctantly accepted his sincere apology. 
However, the condition Ye Junqing put forward was that the lead male role in the drama must be him, Ye Junqing, and not Shen Xingyao.
###Chapter 1164: Chapter 1164: Comparing People Can Be Maddening!
Ye Xingguang, who missed the chance to act with her favorite idol: "..." 
What a sincere apology! 
I almost believed your nonsense! 
But Little Huahua was very happy: "Mommy, can we act with Daddy? Wow! I really like it!" 
"Don’t you like Shen Xingyao anymore?" 
"But, how can an idol be as charming as Daddy?" Little Huahua has strong opinions; no matter how handsome the idol she wants to pamper is, he’s not as handsome as Daddy. 
Ye Xingguang thought long and hard: "Alright, as long as Little Huahua is happy, Mommy has no ions." 
"Then shall we go to Disneyland today?" Little Huahua still remembered it. 
"Sure, we’ll go after breakfast." 
Tang Zhou stretched lazily and came to the hotel breakfast room, found them, sat down, and Ye Junqing noticed dark circles under his eyes: "Didn’t sleep last night?" 
"How’s that possible, I slept last night..." before finishing his sentence, Tang Zhou shut his mouth. 
Little Huahua innocently asked, "Uncle Tang, why is your voice hoarse? Did you catch a cold too? You should go to the hospital for a check-up." 
Tang Zhou took a glass of milk to soothe his throat. Ugh, last night’s history was unbearable to recall, so he refused to discuss the issue with the little girl. 
Leng Chenmo arrived a bit later, looking significantly more spirited than Tang Zhou. Ye Junqing, seeing the state of the two, instantly understood what happened. Poor him, he could only hug his son to sleep last night! 
Comparisons can be infuriating! 
But it’s his own doing! noveldrama
As the saying goes, "Payback time always comes around." He has nothing on Leng Chenmo, the visionary brother-in-law who was compliant with Xiao Zhou from the start, appearing in Xiao Zhou’s eyes as the perfect boyfriend with no black history. 
Little did he know, this guy used to be more of a jerk than him! 
After breakfast, the group headed to Disneyland for some fun. 
With Zhou Jingwen making arrangements, they didn’t have to queue and entered through a special passage. They first went to the Disney store and bought many fun, playful, silly merchandise.
Little Huahua got a Disney princess dress and put on some cute cat ears. 
Tang Zhou found Mickey Mouse ears amusing and firmly put them on Leng Chenmo’s head. Leng Chenmo smiled, picked out Mickey Mouse ears he liked after browsing the shelves for a while, and placed them on Tang Zhou’s head very seriously. 
Then, both of them laughed, looking equally silly. 
But isn’t the happiest thing in the world having a serious and stern person let loose and be silly with you? 
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering president, steadfastly refused to ruin his image; despite Little Huahua’s efforts, she couldn’t put the Mickey Mouse ears on him. 
"Haha, hubby, can I put one on you?" 
Ye Xingguang wanted to try it on Ye Junqing too, but Ye Junqing thought it was too childish. He bought two shirts with Mickey Mouse prints, one for each, making them look not only younger but obviously a couple. 
However, Ye Xingguang moved quickly and managed to put a headpiece on him, and on herself too. Haha, if they’re going to be silly, they might as well be silly together. 
This scene, somehow was secretly photographed by a netizen and posted online. Their notoriety was so high that even with sunglasses, familiar netizens could recognize them from their backs as the "Big Scandal" and "Mermaid Girl". This picture was simply adorable.
###Chapter 1165: Chapter 1165: She’s not worth saving, is she?
Suddenly, and without warning, the netizens were showered with a wave of public affection. 
On the hospital bed, Xia Yanyan saw that happy scene between Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing and tightly clenched the sheet in her hand. 
In the ward, she was not alone, otherwise she would have cursed out loud. 
Xia Ye Zhao was in the ward communicating with the doctor about Xia Yanyan’s condition, hoping the doctor could help find a bone marrow match. As long as a marrow source is found, a bone marrow transplant surgery can be performed, making recovery not impossible. 
After the doctor left, Wang Zimei tiredly sat on the sofa: "Why bother searching all over for a marrow donor? Qiongqiong... Qiongqiong can donate her bone marrow to Yanyan. Wild Grass, Yanyan is already this sick, are you still unwilling to admit whether Ye Xingguang is Qiongqiong?" 
Xia Ye Zhao looked sternly at Wang Zimei: "Mom, Qiongqiong is not suitable to donate bone marrow to Yanyan. Don’t forget, initially, it was because Qiongqiong donated bone marrow to Yanyan that her health declined severely. She has already saved Yanyan once, almost costing her life. Do you really want Qiongqiong to face a severe illness again? You can’t save Yanyan at the expense of Qiongqiong’s life. Qiongqiong doesn’t owe anything to Yanyan!" 
Wang Zimei was left speechless by her son’s words: "But... but... no matter what, Yanyan is still Qiongqiong’s sister." 
Xia Ye Zhao didn’t want to hear his mother’s partial words anymore: "She has already done enough! Not everyone is fit to donate bone marrow. Some people can donate without impact on their health, but Qiongqiong is not that fortunate. I have contacted every marrow bank possible to find a match, and if we cannot find one, we will search globally. But as for Qiongqiong, you must not consider her anymore!" 
Xia Wealth also had a grim expression and scolded Wang Zimei for lacking sense: "We already have one daughter who is sick, do you still want another to sacrifice her life? Xia Ye Zhao is right about this. We can globally search for a match, but Qiongqiong must absolutely not donate!" 
Yanyan has already been removed as the national treasure, but now Qiongqiong is crowned as one. Clearly, Qiongqiong’s life is more valuable now!
Xia Wealth has always been a person who prioritizes profit and he would never allow Qiongqiong to donate her marrow to Yanyan! 
On the hospital bed, Xia Yanyan listened to the ruthless voices of her father and brother. She said nothing on the outside, but inside she was bitterly resentful to the extreme. Now, in the eyes of her brother and father, was her life really less valuable than Ye Xingguang’s? Is that right? 
Now that she’s no longer a national treasure, does she not deserve to be saved, is that right? 
Xia Yanyan clenched her fingers tightly. Even if no one was willing to save her, she had to choose self-rescue. noveldrama
Wang Zimei glared angrily at her husband after being scolded: "You know our daughter is sick, yet all you do is scold me. Why don’t you scold the illegitimate daughter you raised outside, who is now suing Yanyan? She wants Yanyan in prison! Why don’t you stop her?" 
"Enough, it’s already chaotic. Can you let me have some peace?" 
Xia Wealth also wanted to tell his illegitimate daughter Xia Miaomiao not to sue, but Miaomiao wouldn’t listen to him. Now, that daughter said she wouldn’t stop unless Yanyan received the punishment she deserved. 
No one knew how that child ended up getting involved with Huo Hanqing. Now, with Huo Hanqing backing her, she’s fearless and afraid of nothing. Even Xia Wealth is helpless and infuriated, yet he can do nothing about it. 
... 
Ye Xingguang was at Disneyland, playing with his daughter all day long, finally tiring out the little flower. If it weren’t for the closing time, the little flower wouldn’t have wanted to leave Disneyland. Before closing, they watched the fireworks show in the evening and took many photos.
###Chapter 1166: Chapter 1166: Reward of 1 Billion for Seeking Medical Help
In the following days, the group explored S City thoroughly and indulged in its cuisine. 
On the fourth day in S City, Gu Zuoxing called, saying that based on the test results, he confirmed that Huahua indeed had the mermaid genetic disease and was currently in the early stages of it. 
Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing’s hearts sank instantly. 
Gu Zuoxing said on the phone, "Mr. Qing, there’s no need to worry too much. Discovering any disease in its early stages is always very optimistic. I’ll quickly prepare the herbal treatment on my end. We’ll start with a few courses and then conduct a check-up. I’ll do my best and am willing to share my research findings. If you’re still concerned, you can consult with other renowned doctors and directly share my research results on this genetic disease." 
"That is really much appreciated." 
This disease is completely unknown to other doctors, so if Gu Zuoxing is willing to share his research results, it would be an extraordinary gesture. 
In return, Ye Junqing decided to strengthen commercial cooperation with the Gu group. noveldrama
Ye Junqing recently wanted to develop an ocean thermal energy conversion station. After discussing Huahua’s issue, he proposed a collaboration to Gu Zuoxing, asking if he would be interested in developing the ocean thermal energy conversion station together. 
Gu Zuoxing had never known about generating electricity using ocean thermal differences. After hearing Ye Junqing’s introduction to the power station, he became intensely interested and immediately expressed his strong interest and willingness to collaborate. 
Gu Zuoxing was originally going to the capital on a business trip, but he canceled his trip to prepare the herbal treatment for Huahua. 
Since Gu Zuoxing was willing to share his research findings, Ye Xingguang didn’t hold back and directly asked him for the research materials, sending all the data to Yen’an. She wanted Yen’an to study it too, as her dear Huahua was precious. She had to hedge her bets to ensure that Huahua received the best and most effective treatment in the early stages of the genetic disease before any symptoms appeared. 
Leng Chenmo also contacted his friends, seeking renowned doctors in the medical field, hoping to gather more doctors to study this mermaid genetic disease, which current medicine does not yet understand. 
The young Mo Yinhe went further, issuing a global appeal, offering a huge reward to scientists worldwide to participate in the research of the mermaid genetic disease. He was willing to award a billion dollars to any medical professionals who contributed research findings. 
A billion-dollar reward might not be too tempting for the wealthy, but for the medical profession, it was still very appealing, sparking the interest of more doctors and research institutions in the medical community. 
Soon, the news about the billion-dollar reward for the collaborative research on the mermaid genetic disease spread throughout the industry. 
Even the nurses in the hospital were discussing it during their downtime. 
After finishing her examination, Xia Yanyan passed by the nurses’ station and heard them talking about this matter, prompting her to stop and inquire. 
The nurse said, "Miss Xia, you haven’t heard yet, have you? It’s said that the President released an archive from more than a decade ago. Back in those days, among the national treasures born from the mermaid transformation plan, two mermaid national treasures developed the mermaid genetic disease and died young, not living past five years. Now, the country has made this archive public, hoping to solicit global discussion and research from the medical community. If there are research breakthroughs, there are also substantial rewards." 
Xia Yanyan’s expression turned extremely unpleasant. She was ill, and the country wasn’t even actively helping to find a bone marrow match, yet they had the leisure to delve into the mermaid genetic disease, which wasn’t of any practical use!
###Chapter 1167: Chapter 1167: You Play the Bad Cop, We Play the Good Cop!
What is the point of studying this? She and the other ugly mermaid are already adults. This disease has nothing to do with them. Could it be that the country wants to restart the mermaid transformation plan and create beautiful mermaids again? 
Xia Yanyan clenched her fists. Was she really going to become an abandoned child of the state? 
From childhood until now, she was cherished by the country, the public, her parents, and her brother. Now, everyone is going to abandon her. How could she bear such a disparity? 
And Harry Perry, he just broke off the engagement with her like that. In the future, how could she get married? 
Xia Miaomiao even wanted to sue her. Now that she no longer had the status of a national treasure, if Xia Miaomiao won the lawsuit, would she really have to go to jail in the future? 
Xia Yanyan never thought that one day she would become so miserable. All of this, in the end, was caused by Ye Xingguang! 
Ye Xingguang, you have made me so miserable, I will never let you go. I swear to make you pay back double! 
... 
At the Ye’s Family manor, Ye Xingguang personally brewed the medicine. After preparing the herbal concoction, she coaxed Yin Xiaohua to drink it. But smelling that unbearably bitter scent, Xiaohua ran around the living room, refusing to take the medicine no matter what. 
Mo Yinhe forcefully held the fleeing Yin Xiaohua. Xiaohua tightly shut her mouth, refusing to open it even if she died. Tears welled up in her eyes as she glared at the ruthless Mo Yinhe, making the heart of the iron-blooded and emotionless Mo Yinhe soften. noveldrama
Mo Yinhe asked Ye Xingguang, "Does she really have to drink this bitter medicine?" 
Ye Xingguang also felt sorry for her daughter, but: "For now, this is the only medicine we have." 
Mo Yinhe suddenly turned into a gentle, doting older brother, rubbing his little hands on Yin Xiaohua’s head for a long time: "Be a good girl. As long as you drink the medicine, I will buy you whatever you want in the future. I promise not to compete with you for any project at Superstar Group ever again and let you have the upper hand over me." 
Unfortunately, no matter how sweet the words or how many promises, at this moment they meant nothing to Yin Xiaohua. She desperately shook her head, keeping her little mouth tightly shut. 
Bai Lanwu and Bai Peiluan sat on the living room sofa, watching their precious granddaughter and great-granddaughter. Both of them were filled with pity, but there was nothing they could do. Despite their pity, they couldn’t say, ’Just don’t drink it then.’ 
At this moment, everyone could only look at Ye Junqing. This villainous task was still left to you to carry out? 
Even Mo Yinhe looked at Ye Junqing expectantly. You play the bad guy while we play the good guy! 
The much-anticipated Ye Junqing steeled his heart to hold his daughter in his arms, took the medicine from Ye Xingguang’s hand, and looked at his daughter who kept her mouth shut. Helplessly, with a cold face, he acted the villain: "Xiaohua, be good and open your mouth." 
Xiaohua tightly shut her eyes, refusing to look or open her mouth, adamantly refusing to take the bitter medicine. 
The cold-hearted villain Ye Junqing, while feeling sorry, threatened: "I’ll count to three. If you don’t open your mouth, I won’t allow your mom to shoot the movie she wants." 
Upon hearing this, Xiaohua widened her eyes and looked at Ye Junqing with grievance, trying to conquer her dad with her big, watery eyes. 
But Ye Junqing remained unmoved, starting to count with a stern voice: "One, two..." 
Xiaohua was about to cry with urgency. Her mom had been using online novels as bedtime stories. Xiaohua had already become a true fan of this online novel, super excited for dad and mom to make it into a movie. Also, Xiaohua knew her mom was super eager to shoot it. 
Now, dad was using this matter to threaten her. He really was the ultimate big bad guy. 
However, seeing dad’s stern face, it didn’t look like he was joking. Xiaohua, afraid that dad would count to three, frantically opened her mouth wide.
###Chapter 1168: Chapter 1168: Daughter is Mom’s Little Cotton-Padded Jacket
Nearby, a group of people looked at Ye Junqing with ’you’re so wicked’ eyes, secretly relieved that he finally spoke up. 
Ye Junqing became serious, filled with authority. Seeing the little flower open her mouth, he didn’t coax her, just brought the medicine to her mouth bit by bit, "Finish it. If you don’t, your mom won’t be able to shoot." 
Wuwu, daddy is a big villain. From now on, the person she hates the most isn’t Mo Da Pig, it’s her daddy! 
Little flower drank the bitter Chinese medicine that made her tongue numb, while hurling curses in her mind. But for mom to be able to shoot the movie, little flower told herself: I must drink, no matter how bitter. Otherwise, mom’s little heart will surely be shattered. 
Seeing little flower drink the entire cup of Chinese medicine, Ye Xingguang felt pain in her heart. She immediately stuffed a piece of candy into little flower’s mouth, then took her from her husband’s arms to comfort her. 
Little flower’s tears hadn’t dried yet, her milky voice full of pride: "Mom, you can shoot." 
Ye Xingguang’s tears instantly fell from the corner of her eye, pressing her daughter’s head into her neck, raising her head to stop the tears from falling: "Thank you, little flower. Otherwise, mom couldn’t shoot Auntie Xiao’s novel." 
In her heart, she was moved beyond words.
They say daughters are mom’s little cotton jackets. Turns out it’s true. 
... 
In the following days, feeding medicine could only be left to Ye Junqing; no one else could bear it. 
Ye Junqing always used the excuse "no movie shooting" to threaten his daughter. Surprisingly, it worked every time, leaving Ye Junqing feeling super guilty. To reward his daughter, he began investing heavily in this drama. 
Inviting the most famous writers of today to adapt the novel into a screenplay, investing in this drama... 
But the script needed rewriting, the film needed to be submitted for approval at the Ministry of Culture, and other actors needed to be selected. There were a ton of things to do, so it was not simply "shoot when you want". Thus, Ye Junqing’s "no movie shooting" excuse could always be used... 
That afternoon, Ye Junqing was in the lounge, undergoing memory treatment by Mr. Nan. 
After nearly two hours of treatment, a lot of new memories emerged in his mind. 
In the memories, his wedding with Little Fish Tail was after their son was born. Although they got the certificate before the child was born, because she was pregnant, they delayed the wedding until two years after the child was born. 
At the wedding, when Little Fish Tail said "I do," his heart was soft and messy. 
At this moment, Lin Hanfeng called: "Qing, I’ve already arranged your wedding. Because you said you didn’t want my little connection to give an outside surprise, I didn’t announce your wedding. Am I tight-lipped?" noveldrama
Lin Hanfeng’s call came at just the right time. He also said on the phone: "By the way, I’ve recommended a few face masks from my family’s cosmetic brand. Remember to apply one every day before the wedding. Men your age need to pay attention to skincare; otherwise, on the big day, if your face is too rough, how can you take handsome groom photos." 
Handsome Lin Hanfeng, always eager to endorse products from his family’s company. 
Ye Junqing touched his face a couple of times: "Is my face really rough?"
###Chapter 1169: Chapter 1169: Just like that, he likes it!
"You’re not some eighteen or nineteen-year-old pretty boy; isn’t it normal for your face to be rough? In this season, if I don’t use face masks, my skin would peel, why would you be any different? Oh, next Wednesday is your wedding. Do you want to have a farewell-to-singlehood party before the marriage? I can organize this kind of party for you too!" 
Ye Xingguang is not interested in that; he’s already registered and is almost going to have three kids. Who is still single like Lin Hanfeng? 
Already not single, why have a single party? 
"Huh? Ye Xingguang, you’re such a bore, it’s a bachelor party! You won’t have the chance to have one again in the future! Miss this village, and there won’t be a store; are you sure you don’t want it? I’ll give you a half discount? Forty percent? Thirty percent final offer!" 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to hear Lin Hanfeng nagging: "Anything else? If not, I’ll hang up." 
After exhausting his arguments, Lin Hanfeng couldn’t move Ye Xingguang, and Lin Hanfeng didn’t want to waste more breath, hanging up even faster, but not forgetting to send a wedding scene preview picture. 
Ye Xingguang looked at the preview picture, and it turned out to be exactly the same as the wedding picture in his mind after being brainwashed by Old Mr. Nan again, even the slight dissatisfaction was ignored by all by Ye Xingguang, yes, just like that, he liked it! 
Then, Ye Xingguang remembers according to the new memory, the previous wedding was also organized by Lin Hanfeng, and it was quite well done. Little Fish Tail was very satisfied. 
With gratitude, Ye Xingguang replied to Lin Hanfeng: "About the face masks, send me 14 pieces." 
A week before the wedding, using one mask per day should make the face less rough, right? His Little Fish Tail should also use it for seven days. 
Lin Hanfeng replied instantly: "Master Xingguang, what can I say, I really like customers like you. Wait a moment, I’ll have my secretary send them over right now, I’ll give you 28 pieces for free, won’t charge you, just need you to take two photos using the masks and post them on Weibo." 
Ye Xingguang directly transferred him a thousand yuan, thinking: Want to advertise on my Weibo? Dream on! 
Ye Xingguang found it strange, why did her big trouble suddenly start loving using face masks, and even dragging her to use them together? 
Actually, she was still very young, only twenty-two years old, even if she didn’t use masks, applying some face cream daily would make her skin water-nourished, so she wasn’t very interested in masks during the chilly nights of March. The cold mask on her face made her shiver. 
Ye Xingguang took a bath and sat leisurely on the bed reading a book, pointing to the face masks on the bedside table: "New from Lin Hanfeng’s brand, he insisted on giving me a few pieces, asking me to promote them. It’s hard to refuse a friend, you know. But before promoting, I have to know the effect." 
"Huh? Is that so?" 
Ye Xingguang quite liked the idea and decided to try one, peeled it open, and put it on her face, then took a photo with her phone and posted it on Weibo. 
She only posted the photo without saying anything but took the picture with a good angle, showing her face, Ye Xingguang sitting on the bed, and even the brand of the mask on the bedside table clearly yet unobtrusively. 
As soon as it was posted, eagle-eyed netizens noticed the unobtrusive mask brand on the bedside table.
Unexpectedly, this mask climbed the trending search that night. noveldrama
Lin Hanfeng saw the trending and nearly burst out laughing. He knew catching these two internet stars, sales of new products would be no worry, even saving on advertising fees! He must organize the wedding well for them! 
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here, continue tomorrow, ask for monthly votes, ask for monthly votes, ask for monthly votes]
###Chapter 1170: Chapter 1170: Told Her a Secret
Lin Hanfeng was so pleased that he sent Ye Xingguang a big red envelope worth 200 yuan! noveldrama
Ye Xingguang saw the red envelope from Lin Hanfeng and didn’t hesitate to accept it since she had already given him free advertising on Weibo. She opened the envelope and pocketed the 200 yuan. 
Lin Hanfeng also sent a WeChat message, revealing a secret to her. 
Fate Brother: "I glanced at my Eight Characters and saw a little fate. Honestly, I didn’t want to tell you, but seeing your efforts in promoting my brand, how could I not share it with you as a token of appreciation?" 
Ye Xingguang had already gone to bed, but her curiosity was piqued by Lin Hanfeng’s WeChat message. 
Little Fate: "Fate Brother, what’s the secret?" 
Fate Brother: "Actually, Ye Junqing is planning a surprise for you." 
Little Fate: "" 
Fate Brother: "If I tell you, promise you won’t say it was me who spilled the beans." 
Little Fate: "I promise I won’t tell anyone. Hurry up and tell me, don’t leave me hanging." 
Fate Brother: "Actually, Ye Junqing wants to secretly organize a birthday party for you." 
Little Fate: "Really?" 
Her birthday is still about a week away, and if Lin Hanfeng hadn’t mentioned it, she would have almost forgotten because she’s been so worried about Little Hua Hua’s illness lately, leaving no space for other thoughts. 
Fate Brother: "Would I lie to you? Don’t say I told you, your Ye is planning to surprise you." 
Little Fate: "Thank you, Fate Brother." 
Fate Brother: "You’re welcome. Remember to help promote the face masks and I’ll leave you to your beauty sleep." 
Little Fate: "Okay, okay." 
Ending the WeChat conversation with Lin Hanfeng, Ye Xingguang turned over and wrapped her arms around the waist of her sleeping big tumor. Recently, Little Hua Hua has been dragged by Little Galaxy to sleep, and she and her husband have returned to their heavenly days of two people on one bed. 
Thinking about Ye Junqing’s plan for a birthday party, her heart felt warm and a bit happy. While the man slept, she pressed her lips to his for a secret mischief, wanting to reward the surprise he prepared for her. 
She also intertwined her fingers with his, hand in hand. 
Then, she pulled out his other arm and laid it horizontally on the pillow, using it as her pillow... 
Although her movements were light, Ye Junqing was still awakened by her, but he did not open his eyes. Being half-asleep and groggy, he felt the girl fidgeting in his arms, so he hugged her waist tighter and continued sleeping... 
Ye Xingguang noticed Ye Junqing stirring and immediately stopped all movements. Once the man fell back to sleep after pulling her closer, she resumed sticking her little tongue out, touching the man’s jaw. 
Ye Junqing wasn’t entirely asleep. He lowered his head slightly, captured her lips, catching her sneakiness. His voice sounded slightly dangerous and husky: "Not wanting to sleep, huh?" 
She giggled softly without saying anything, her little foot rose to brush against his calf. 
Ye Junqing chuckled too, grabbing her restless little foot, realizing a certain small fishtail truly did not want to sleep. 
Then... 
They didn’t sleep. 
... 
The next morning, barely awake, Ye Junqing received a phone call from Xiao Yun. 
Xiao Yun reported something to him over the phone.
###Chapter 1171: Chapter 1171: Ye Junqing Gets Caught by His Son
Since Xia Yanyan was stripped of the title of national treasure and her old illness recurred, Ye Xingguang has consistently had Xiao Yun assign people to keep an eye on Xia Yanyan. 
Based on Ye Xingguang’s understanding of Xia Yanyan, she wouldn’t easily succumb to failure. With her tit-for-tat nature, she would certainly not let his precious darling Xiaoyu go unscathed. Moreover, now only the bone marrow of his precious darling Xiaoyu can save Xia Yanyan. 
As expected, the people Xiao Yun sent to monitor Xia Yanyan reported on Xia Yanyan’s matters this morning. 
Over the phone, Xiao Yun said: "The person surveilling Xia Yanyan discovered that yesterday Xia Yanyan had dinner with the young master of the Xue family in a restaurant near the hospital and then went to a hotel with him, staying there the whole night without coming out." 
Ye Xingguang was slightly surprised: "Which young master of the Xue family, Xue Changqing?" 
Xiao Yun replied: "Yes." 
Xue Changqing, originally named Xu Changqing, was once just an ordinary office worker, a corporate drone from nine to five. However, he was extremely infatuated with Xia Yanyan. A few years ago, when Xia Yanyan experienced an accident, Xue Changqing even risked his life to save her, which can be considered true love. Unfortunately, his family background was not attractive enough for Xia Yanyan. So even if he was genuine and persistent, Xia Yanyan couldn’t look up to him. 
However, Xue Changqing had a stroke of luck. Two years ago, it was revealed that he was a child switched at the hospital, and after his biological parents found him, he instantly became the Crown Prince of the wealthy Xue family. noveldrama
After becoming the Crown Prince, Xue Changqing believed he finally had a chance to pursue Xia Yanyan, so he continued his relentless pursuit. But Xia Yanyan still didn’t see him because, at that time, all of Xia Yanyan’s heart was focused on Ye Xingguang. 
Upon hearing the news, at a dinner gathering, Xue Changqing even ran to Ye Xingguang to make audacious remarks... 
Of course, Ye Xingguang didn’t take Xue Changqing’s harsh words to heart. 
Later, Xia Yanyan filled in Harry Perry’s name on the marriage application form. It was said that Xue Changqing cried at home and even ran to confront Harry Perry, who simply regarded Xue Changqing as a nuisance. 
Now, Xia Yanyan is so cornered that she’s gone to open a hotel room with Xue Changqing? 
Xue Changqing truly likes Xia Yanyan, with the kind of true love that can make him do anything for her. Ye Xingguang had to pause and ponder for a moment before asking, "Do you know what kind of deal Xia Yanyan and Xue Changqing have made?" 
Xiao Yun replied: "This, however, we don’t know." 
"Got it, continue to keep an eye on Xia Yanyan. Also, tell Fire Glass to increase covert protection around Xingguang lately." 
Xiao Yun: "Okay." 
Regarding the security around Ye Xingguang, Xiao Yun has never been worried. Even if Fire Glass’s mercenary team goes off to earn money, Ye Xingguang’s security is not to be compromised. The security team from the underwater world that followed Ye Xingguang to land is almost always in plain clothes, hiding around Ye Xingguang, providing her queen with 24-hour protection. 
After hanging up the phone, Ye Xingguang still felt uneasy. He got up, went to the bathroom, and then walked out of the bedroom to the children’s room. 
Mo Yinhe, half-awake, discovered a certain father again fiddling with his communication ring while he was not fully awake. 
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering president, lazily lifted his eyelids. Within his sight was a holographic screen showing a man and a woman sleeping on the same bed. Within a second, Mo Yinhe pulled the blanket over his own face. 
Simply shameless, this certain scoundrel of a father was using his communication ring to watch adult content!
###Chapter 1172: Chapter 1172: Well, I’ll Play Along with You
Ye Junqing watched the holographic screen, from Xia Yanyan meeting with Xue Changqing, to Xia Yanyan having dinner with Xue Changqing, and then being hinted by Xue Changqing to go to the hotel. He missed none of it. He wasn’t interested in watching banana peels; he just wanted to know what conditions Xue Changqing promised her, making her willing to make such a big sacrifice. 
Xia Yanyan was proud, proud since childhood. She always thought of herself as the favored daughter of heaven. No man could escape from her grasp, and everyone should hold her in their palms, bowing down to her charms. 
Therefore, for such an extremely proud girl to lower herself and go to the hotel with Xue Changqing, it is evident that whatever Xue Changqing promised her was definitely something she felt was worth her sacrifice. 
As Ye Junqing expected, Xue Changqing did promise Xia Yanyan significant benefits, such as getting his beloved Xiaoyu as a bargaining chip and even intending to extract Xiaoyu’s bone marrow to restore Xia Yanyan’s health. 
Xue Changqing was not someone who received traditional noble education from childhood. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to describe his rise as "sudden wealth." After being taken back to the Xue family, the Xue parents, feeling sorry for their long-lost son, would cater to his every need in all aspects, further fueling Xue Changqing’s "upstart" temperament. 
The Xue family also had an adopted son, the wrongfully swapped child, Xue Shaoyang. Due to his righteousness, Xue Shaoyang suffered quite a bit under Xue Changqing. Knowing he was the swapped child, Xue Shaoyang felt unjustified, opting to constantly give in to Xue Changqing. Eventually, he was so pressured that he left the Xue family to make his own way. 
Even after setting out on his own, Xue Changqing wouldn’t let him be, often going behind his back to trouble Xue Shaoyang, thwarting his hopes of independence. Fortunately, over the years, Xue Shaoyang made some close friends and is now serving as the CEO at a company owned by these friends. 
Despite having some friends to back him up, Xue Shaoyang had a car accident after a dinner last month; his right leg was amputated after the crash, leaving him reliant on a wheelchair now. 
This revealed Xue Changqing’s unforgiving nature, where he’d seek revenge for even the slightest wrong. 
If Xue Changqing and Xia Yanyan were to collude, it could only be described as: A rogue’s alliance! 
Through surveillance, Ye Junqing found out that Xue Changqing had agreed, during his beloved Xiaoyu’s birthday banquet, to kidnap Xiaoyu amidst the crowd, imprisoning him, and force Xiaoyu to donate bone marrow to Xia Yanyan. 
Xia Yanyan told Xue Changqing that his beloved Xiaoyu’s combat power was off the charts and that he wouldn’t be easy to handle. 
Xue Changqing said it was no matter; he’d tamper with the birthday banquet to make his beloved Xiaoyu lose his combat power... 
Ye Junqing laughed coldly in his heart. Planning to mess with his beloved; did they ask for his opinion? 
Since you want to play, then I’ll play with you. 
... 
Near the hospital, at a five-star hotel, Xia Yanyan walked out. 
Wearing sunglasses and a mask, although no longer a national treasure, Xia Yanyan had been a celebrity since childhood. She didn’t want to be recognized and had never stayed with any man in a hotel overnight before. 
Last night, she didn’t allow Xue Changqing to succeed. 
She knew Xue Changqing really liked her. Citing her current sickly and weak condition, she only allowed Xue Changqing to hold her all night, but her lips still ended up swollen from Xue Changqing’s kisses...noveldrama
###Chapter 1173: Chapter 1173: The Great Tumor Actually Thinks as She Does
Xue Changqing followed her out, boldly and excitedly wrapping his arm around her waist. Xia Yanyan wanted to refuse, but considering she needed something from him, she didn’t move the hand he placed on her waist. 
"Yanyan, shall I take you to the hospital?" 
Xia Yanyan shook her head and smiled gently, "Hmm." 
Xue Changqing drove her to the hospital, gripping the steering wheel with one hand, while the other hand clasped hers, bringing it to his lips, kissing it, holding it against his cheek. He couldn’t bear to let go. 
This was the goddess he had adored for so many years, the goddess he thought he could never have in his life. Now his lifelong muse and yearning sat in his car, allowing him to hold her hand. It felt like a dream. 
Xue Changqing’s heart surged with excitement. 
Even though he couldn’t win against Ye Junqing or Harry Perry, in the end, she was his, destined to be his—this was a heavenly match.
He knew his goddess might not have him in her heart yet, but he wasn’t worried. He would show her with his actions that the man she should rely on in this world was not Ye Junqing or Harry Perry, but him, Xue Changqing. 
When the car arrived at the hospital parking lot, he wanted to escort Xia Yanyan to the ward, but she refused. 
Seated in the passenger seat, Xia Yanyan remained the proud princess she always was in front of Xue Changqing, "Handle things for me first, and when I’m well, we’ll have plenty of time together." 
Xue Changqing was in no rush, "Yanyan, await my good news, I’ll definitely help you recover your health." noveldrama
"Hmm, then I’m leaving." 
Xia Yanyan picked up her bag, got out of the car, and didn’t forget to stand outside, give Xue Changqing a sideways smile, and throw him a flirtatious wink. 
In that moment, Xue Changqing felt as if struck by Cupid’s arrow. 
After entering the elevator, Xia Yanyan’s expression turned gloomy. 
She forcefully wiped her lips, Ye Xingguang, today’s endurance and humiliation are all thanks to you, just you wait! 
... 
A few days later, it was Ye Xingguang’s birthday. 
Knowing that Ye Junqing planned to throw her a birthday party, she called some acquaintances to see if they wanted to attend, such as her former internship mentor at KOCO, Chang Qinghua. 
She called Chang Qinghua, "Mr. Chang, the day after tomorrow is my birthday, are you free to come to my birthday party?" 
Chang Qinghua laughed on the phone, "Rest assured, I’ll be there on time." 
Happy that Mr. Chang could attend, she said, "Then I’ll send you an invitation with the time and address." 
Chang Qinghua said, "No need, your husband already sent it to me." 
Ye Xingguang surprised, "Ah?" 
The troublemaker actually thought as she did and invited Mr. Chang ahead of time? 
Ye Xingguang chatted with Chang Qinghua for a bit and then messaged Ye Tingnan on WeChat: "Cousin-in-law, the day after tomorrow is my birthday, are you free to come to my birthday party?" 
Ye Tingnan replied, "Yanbei and I will be there on time, it starts at 5:30 p.m., right?" 
Ye Xingguang, astonished, "Ah? How did you know? I hadn’t even told you yet." 
Ye Tingnan said, "Ye Junqing has already sent Yanbei an invitation." 
Ye Xingguang was speechless, "..." 
The troublemaker even thought of inviting Yanbei and his wife ahead of time? Didn’t he always have some inexplicable hostility towards cousin Yanbei? 
At this moment, Han Chengbei messaged her, "My lord, what do you mean you’re not sending me an invitation for your birthday the day after tomorrow? Are you still my lord or not?"
###Chapter 1174: Chapter 1174: Waiting to Give Me a Surprise
Han Chengbei: "Your man invited half of the elite circles, but somehow I didn’t receive an invitation. What’s that about? Does he look down on me?" 
How could this be looking down on you? Clearly, he’s just being petty, but of course, Ye Xingguang wouldn’t say that. 
"I’ll send you the invitation later, but don’t spill the beans. My husband is throwing me a birthday party but doesn’t want me to know. He wants to surprise me, so..." 
"Damn, why did I call you? To hear you flaunt your love life? Hurry, send that invitation over. I’m busy, you know? I’ve been tied up with the Starlight Tourism Company’s project for trips to the Undersea World. Do you know how much money that’s raking in?" 
Of course, she knew. Ever since she visited Country A as a queen, the two countries’ civil and business communications have improved. However, up to now, the Undersea World was still the strong one, because its companies or groups could easily come to the land, but those on land had a hard time getting to the seabed. 
There’s a submarine issue at play here. 
They can’t build submarines on land that can dive twenty thousand meters deep underwater. noveldrama
Han Chengbei’s undersea tourism was also flourishing, with reports of two more groups of tourists just returning from the deep, even though the tour fees were exorbitantly high. Yet people continued to sign up in droves... 
She had shares in Starlight Tourism Company, too; the more successful Han Chengbei’s ventures were, the more money she made... 
So she replied to Han Chengbei on WeChat: "Do a good job, young man, there’s a bright future for you." 
Han Chengbei: "丨." 
Ye Xingguang: "What does this character mean?" 
Han Chengbei: "Sound it out." 
She really didn’t recognize the character. She looked it up, and it turned out to be pronounced "滚," which means "go away." This was the first time Han Chengbei told her to go away, so he must really be pissed off. She quickly sent the invitation to Han Chengbei. 
... 
It’s a timeless truth that when there’s nothing to look forward to, time flies. 
But on days worth anticipating, time always seems to drag, yet eventually, after flipping two pages of the calendar, the day arrives. 
Although the birthday banquet was at night, she couldn’t sit still from early morning. She sat in the bedroom fussing over herself, slathering all sorts of luxury skincare products on her face. It’s said a girl’s beauty is built with money. Though she believed she never lost out on beauty, what girl could resist the allure of skincare and makeup? 
Ye Junqing, organizing this surprise wedding, skipped all the early morning ceremonies like welcoming the bride. 
Although the elders had some ions, Ye Junqing didn’t care. He didn’t want his darling getting up at four in the morning to do bridal makeup. Too tiring, he thought. After having a wedding under the sea, he decided that all those rituals needed to be scrapped! 
At this moment, at eight in the morning, Ye Junqing was still lying in bed when he saw his darling sitting at the vanity applying a face mask. He couldn’t help but be surprised: "What’s going on today that you’ve started getting ready so early?" 
Are you seriously asking if there’s something going on today? 
Ye Xingguang laughed internally but didn’t show it on her face. 
My husband wants to surprise me, so I have to play along, even though I already know you’ve invited half of the elite to my birthday banquet for a surprise. 
Ye Xingguang teased a bit, batting her eyelashes: "Oh, it’s nothing, I just felt like doing some pretty makeup. You know how terrible my skills are. Do you have a good makeup team to recommend? I want to do my makeup like a Heavenly Immortal." 
[An Ying: Today’s update ends here. More updates tomorrow, muah, muah. Seeking votes, seeking recommendations]
###Chapter 1175: Chapter 1175: Painting Red Makeup for You
Ye Junqing pondered, something was off with the little fish tail, could it be she already knew he was having the wedding today, who leaked it out? 
Ye Junqing lifted the blanket, got out of bed, walked behind her, and turned her, chair and all, around: "I’ll do your makeup." 
"Huh? Are you serious?" 
"The ancients said a husband should do his wife’s makeup, I should learn from them." 
In order to personally do his bride’s makeup, Ye Junqing had been learning from a makeup master for days. As long as he studied seriously, he picked things up quickly. Just the day before, the makeup master had told him he was fully trained, and Ye Junqing didn’t want to be modest at all now. 
Yet Ye Xingguang was nervous: "Honey, don’t be too overconfident." noveldrama
"I’m free anyway, I’m off today." 
But there’s my birthday party tonight. If you make me look ugly, how can I face people? 
Thankfully, it’s still early. If he really messed up my face, I’d have the whole afternoon to fix it. 
Ye Junqing pulled over a chair, sat across from the little fish tail, and after she applied a mask, washed her face, and finished her skincare routine, he began doing her makeup. Seeing her wary and distrustful expression, Ye Junqing wanted to laugh but held it in. 
He earnestly started by shaping her eyebrows... 
Ye Xingguang wasn’t reassured seeing his serious actions, her whole body tense, as without a mirror, she didn’t know what he was doing to her face. 
Just then, Little Huahua snuggled with her puppy and pushed the door open, standing beside them, looking up. 
Ye Xingguang asked her daughter, "Little Huahua, is Daddy doing a good job?" 
"Yes, you look beautiful, Mommy." 
This "beautiful" was surely through her daughter’s eyes; alas, she still wasn’t assured. 
Little Huahua, lacking patience, played by herself briefly and then wanted to go downstairs: "I want to play with my little brother." 
When at home, Little Huahua habitually went to the children’s room, crouching by the incubator to play with her five-month-old brother, talking to him as if she were teaching fetal education, she’d even sing to him. 
The five-month-old baby had already learned to roll over inside the incubator, to Little Huahua’s delight. 
The little brother even sucked his thumb inside the incubator, so adorable! 
An hour later, Ye Junqing finished the makeup, then handed her a mirror to see. 
Ye Xingguang was afraid to look, fearing she’d look hideous. 
"No confidence in me?" Ye Junqing turned her to face the mirror: "If it’s ugly, I don’t mind if you ban me from the bed tonight." 
Ye Xingguang still hesitated to look. 
Ye Junqing helplessly continued styling her hair with a curler from behind. 
After building up her determination for quite a while, Ye Xingguang finally opened her eyes, thinking if it’s bad, so be it, no one else is around. 
Then, her beautiful eyes looked at the reflection, and in the next moment, widened abruptly. 
Ah, was that girl in the mirror, looking as beautiful as a Heavenly Immortal, really her? 
Even though she was already very pretty and could impress many without makeup, with the makeup done, she reached a new level of beauty! 
"How is it?" Ye Junqing asked, standing behind her, seeing her amazed reaction in the mirror. 
Ye Xingguang was stunned: "Where did you learn this from? Have you done makeup for other women before?" 
A small hint of jealousy arose in her heart. 
Without hesitation, Ye Junqing playfully flicked her forehead: "Your husband learned from a makeup master."
###Chapter 1176: Chapter 1176: Where Did This Man Go?
Ye Xingguang rubbed her head, incredulous: "You learned it just for me?" 
Ye Junqing snorted lightly: "Not for you, for my daughter. She will inevitably grow up and need makeup one day." 
Ye Xingguang: "..." 
She couldn’t hide the smile at the corner of her mouth, stood up, tiptoed, and left her lipstick mark on the stubborn man’s face. 
Seeing the perfect stamp of lipstick on his face, she laughed uncontrollably, not wanting to remind him. Ye Junqing could imagine it, but Xiaoyuwei laughed so happily that he didn’t immediately grab a tissue to wipe it off. 
After doing her hair, Ye Junqing went to the dressing room and brought out a gown for her: "Try this on." 
"Wow! It’s so beautiful! I think I saw this gown at a fashion show a few days ago! It’s the one I mentioned to you, the sparkling fantasy starry dress. When did you buy it?" 
Ye Junqing smiled without answering, just handed it to her to try on. 
He sat leisurely in front of the bed, watching her change clothes. 
A pair of burning eyes fell on her, even after living together for half a year, Ye Xingguang was embarrassed, holding the high-end starry dress, shyly ran to the dressing room. 
After changing, she stood in front of the mirror looking at herself, simply perfect. 
Tonight, she would wear this to attend her birthday party. This gown, once worn, perfectly interpreted the elegance! 
There’s no woman who doesn’t love pretty clothes, and she was no exception. Taking her phone out for pictures, she took photos for quite a while before leaving the dressing room. 
She thought the big nuisance would be waiting in the bedroom for her to change, but the bedroom was vacant. Where did this man run off to? 
Ye Junqing went out and wasn’t home for the rest of the afternoon. She knew he was preparing a surprise for her, but even though she really wanted to message him asking where he went, she held back. 
Around four-thirty in the afternoon, Ye Junqing finally texted her, inviting her to accompany him to a party that night. 
Ye Xingguang sneakily replied, "What party is it?" 
Ye Junqing: "Birthday party." 
Ye Xingguang: "Whose birthday party?" 
Ye Junqing didn’t reply, only said he’d be home to pick her up at four-thirty. 
Around four-ten, Ye Xingguang was ready, sitting in the living room waiting. 
The villa was unusually quiet today. Her dad and mom said they were taking the two kids out for a walk. After months of recuperation, her dad was almost fully recovered, not staying home much, and liked to take her mom out for a walk, bringing the two kids to make it merrier. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t want to expose her parents’ excuses at all; her dad and mom were definitely waiting at the party to surprise her for her birthday, right? 
They’re all such good actors, and fortunately, she’s a good actress too, not letting anyone know she already knew about the surprise. 
At four-thirty, Ye Junqing’s car arrived at the villa on time to pick her up for the party. 
... 
Xia Yanyan had already returned home. Not finding a bone marrow source, there was no point in staying in the hospital all day. 
Xia Ye Zhao had just brought her home and was about to leave. Before leaving, he changed into a suit, looking as if he had an important event to attend. noveldrama
Thinking about today being Ye Junqing’s wedding, Xia Yanyan clenched her fist tightly. After Xia Ye Zhao left, she angrily called Xue Changqing: "Did you arrange everything?" 
Over the phone, Xue Changqing’s confident voice came through: "Yanyan, don’t worry, I promise to secretly kidnap Ye Xingguang tonight and have her donate her marrow to you."
###Chapter 1177: Chapter 1177: I’ll Wait for Your Good News
Xia Yanyan was still uneasy. After all, she had never gained any advantage when dealing with Ye Xingguang and feared that Xue Changqing might be overconfident. She repeatedly reminded: 
"Ye Xingguang isn’t that easy to deal with. You must be extremely careful. When she beats up our bodyguards, even twenty can’t match her alone. My dad once tried to kidnap her, but it backfired. I’ve suffered too much at her hands." 
Xue Changqing said, "Yanyan, don’t worry. I won’t underestimate her. The Ye family has strengthened security at tonight’s wedding, and it’s very strict to get in and out. But I assure you, when I handle things, nothing will go wrong. I, Xue Changqing, never underestimate my opponents." 
"Then I’ll wait for your good news." 
If Xue Changqing could really get hold of Ye Xingguang, then she could do a paternity test on Ye Xingguang to see if she is her sister Qiongqiong. If she is, her illness can be cured. 
She hoped Xue Changqing wouldn’t mess it up. 
Xia Yanyan sat at home, her hands clasped together, praying for heaven’s blessing. 
... 
Ye Junqing’s car had just arrived at the hotel hosting the banquet when a flashy car rushed over, parking beside Ye Junqing’s car. Then, the driver’s side window rolled down, revealing Han Chengbei wearing cool sunglasses, chewing gum nonchalantly. 
After Ye Junqing got out of the car, he reached out to the little fishtail inside the car and led his beloved daughter out. 
Han Chengbei also got out, slammed the car door, and then tossed the car keys to the hotel attendant. 
Blatantly showing off, he looked at Ye Junqing as if to say, "So what if you didn’t send me an invitation to the birthday party? I still got one and came in naturally. Try to stop me if you can!" 
Ye Junqing simply ignored Han Chengbei, not even bothering to acknowledge him. 
However, Han Chengbei insisted on making his presence known, walking over with a carefree stride, saying, "My lord, my precious darling, you look so stunning tonight, like the most beautiful woman at the party. Let’s have a long-awaited reunion hug." 
Before Ye Junqing could react, Ye Xingguang wanted to kick Han Chengbei: "Who are you having a long-awaited reunion with?" 
"Not long? We met on the day before New Year’s Eve. You calculate how many days it’s been!" 
With Ye Junqing present, Ye Xingguang didn’t want to pay Han Chengbei any attention. She linked her arm with her man’s arm and followed him in slowly. 
As soon as she walked into the banquet hall, she was stunned. The decorations were too beautiful, she didn’t even know what words to use for it. 
The starry sky overhead, the floral arrangements between tables, gave off the instant feeling of stepping into a fairy-tale world. 
Spending so much on a birthday party, it felt a hundred times more romantic than others’ wedding banquets. Was this what burning money looks like? noveldrama
However, she had money, and her husband also had money, so they weren’t afraid of it burning away. 
Han Chengbei followed closely behind, immediately feeling something was off upon entering the hall. This was more than just a birthday party show-off, it was crazy expensive! The cups and tableware on the tables were all crystal series. Damn, who flaunts wealth like this!
Inside the banquet hall, many guests had already arrived. 
Every table had name cards for guests. Han Chengbei searched around but couldn’t find his name. 
"!!!!" 
Damn, no seat for him? 
Ye Junqing, you despicable little man! 
Since he couldn’t find a spot, Han Chengbei plopped down beside Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang, pointed at the waiter, and said, "Here, add a seat for me."
###Chapter 1178: Chapter 1178: This Man, He Really Knows How to Pretend!
The waiter cautiously looked at Ye Xingguang, waiting for instructions from the host of the banquet. 
Ye Xingguang glanced at the arrogant Han Chengbei, then nodded, and only then did the waiter add the chair and cutlery. 
Han Chengbei instantly felt comfortable, thinking he’d put Ye Xingguang in an awkward spot. 
Because of Ye Xingguang, Han Chengbei also knew that Ye Xingguang wanted to give her a surprise, hosting a unique birthday banquet for her. However, Han Chengbei didn’t know it wasn’t a birthday party but a wedding. 
If he knew, Han Chengbei definitely wouldn’t be this smug; he wouldn’t want to be eating "dog food," he’s not even hungry! 
With still some guests yet to arrive, Ye Xingguang pretended to sit there playing with his phone. If someone came over to chat, he’d exchange small talk, making it seem like he was here to attend someone else’s birthday party. 
Ye Xingguang sat next to him, secretly laughing inside, thinking, this man really knows how to act! 
Han Chengbei was even more disdainful, "Ha, pretending, thinking the old man doesn’t know about the surprise, how utterly boring." 
Every surprise, if known in advance, is very uninteresting, yet only Ye Xingguang seems to enjoy it, thinking his acting is top-notch—what a joke. 
Once most of the guests had arrived, Han Chengbei deliberately asked, "Oh, whose birthday party is it really tonight? I’m very curious." 
Ye Xingguang lifted his eyelids and glanced at Han Chengbei, "Don’t know, what are you doing in this hustle?" 
Han Chengbei said, "Business has been tough lately, I’m broke, figured I’d come over for some free food and drinks, can’t I?" noveldrama
Meanwhile, Lin Hanfeng dashed over, "Ah, my fleeting connection, you’re finally here, welcome to my birthday party. I’ve been asking your old friend Ye for quite a while, he only agreed to let you come to my birthday celebration." 
Lin Hanfeng almost threw himself at Ye Xingguang but was blocked by Ye Xingguang’s foot. 
Not giving up, Lin Hanfeng gave Ye Xingguang a mysterious wink, meaning: You get it. 
Ye Xingguang understood perfectly, playing along: "Brother Fate, congratulations to you, happy birthday." 
Han Chengbei looked curiously at how familiar the two were: "Lin, when did you get so chummy with my old man?" 
"Oh, Han Chengbei, how come you’re here? I don’t recall inviting you." 
Han Chengbei flexed his power, "An invitation now isn’t too late, right?" 
"We’re very familiar, coming uninvited, you’ve got some nerve." 
Lin Hanfeng and Ye Xingguang are on the same team, but Han Chengbei and Lawson Perry are allies, so they don’t normally hang out, which is why Lin Hanfeng couldn’t help mocking Han Chengbei with a couple of lines, then didn’t bother with him anymore. 
All of his focus today was on his clients. 
As the saying goes, clients are God; clients are his bread and butter. 
So right now, in Lin Hanfeng’s eyes, Ye Xingguang and Ye Xingguang are like his parents. 
He winked at Ye Xingguang: "My fleeting connection, the banquet’s about to start, enjoy the food, and have fun. I need to go entertain other guests, later, I’ll come to toast you both." 
After Lin Hanfeng left, he didn’t forget to send Ye Xingguang a WeChat message. 
Brother Fate: "Little Fate, soon someone’s going to bring you flowers, don’t be too excited, this is the opening act prepared by Ye Xingguang for you, an appetizer, for your birthday banquet’s big surprise. I’ve told you the surprise in advance, am I not a good ’Fate’ brother?" 
[An Ying: This update concludes today, will continue updating tomorrow, mwah, asking for monthly votes, recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1179: Chapter 1179 Wedding 1
Sure enough, Ye Xingguang, who was looking down at WeChat, quickly received a bouquet of white roses delivered by a couple. The couple, married for a year, were still in the sweet, loving phase. The wife, smiling, handed the flowers to her. 
Han Chengbei was puzzled, but Ye Xingguang, already reminded by Lin Hanfeng, graciously accepted the white roses and gave a bright smile, saying thank you. No one dislikes receiving roses, especially when this is the masterpiece of her significant other. 
The wife said, "My husband and I have just been married for a year, and today is our wedding anniversary." 
Ye Xingguang was surprised, "Ah, congratulations to you." 
The wife smiled and said, "Thank you, by taking our flowers, you’ve given us the best blessing." 
Mr. Ye said that as long as his wife accepted the flowers, he would give them an invaluable gift. 
Soon after, another couple approached Ye Xingguang. This was a couple married for two years, very much in love, almost like an ideal couple. Similarly, the wife handed a pink rose to Ye Xingguang. 
This wife said, "Today is the second anniversary for my husband and me, and I’m giving you a pink rose. I hope your relationship with Mr. Ye is as harmonious as ours." 
Ye Xingguang: "Thank you, congratulations to you." noveldrama
Then came the third couple, married for three years. Deeply in love, their affection was as solid as gold, making their neighbors envious. Again, the wife handed a white rose to Ye Xingguang. 
This wife had similar words: "I’m giving you a white rose. Today is my husband’s and my three-year wedding anniversary. For three years, we’ve never had a quarrel. My husband dotes on me, and I hope my good fortune can be passed on to you." 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but be moved. The people invited by her significant other to give flowers held so much meaning. 
Then came the fourth couple, a happily married couple of four years... 
The fifth couple... 
The sixth couple... 
The seventh couple... 
... 
The tenth couple, a couple celebrating their tin anniversary... 
... 
The fifteenth couple, a couple celebrating their crystal anniversary... 
... 
The twentieth couple, a couple celebrating their silver anniversary... 
... 
The thirtieth couple, a couple celebrating their pearl anniversary... 
... 
The fortieth couple, a couple celebrating their ruby anniversary... 
... 
The fiftieth couple, a couple celebrating their golden anniversary... 
... 
The sixtieth couple, a couple celebrating their diamond anniversary... 
... 
The seventieth couple, two elderly people with white hair, needed to be pushed over in wheelchairs. Sitting in separate wheelchairs was a couple who had been married for seventy years. Having lost all their teeth, the old lady took a pair of white roses and handed them to Ye Xingguang, smiling kindly. 
She held her husband’s hand and said to Ye Xingguang, "My old chap and I have been married for seventy years. Today is our platinum anniversary. We have three sons, eight grandchildren, and thirteen great-grandchildren. My old chap has always let me have my way throughout this life, indulging me. He wouldn’t even let me come today, saying we’re too old to be putting our bodies through this." 
After speaking, the old lady glanced at Ye Junqing and said, "But this young man insisted, saying today is your birthday and he wanted to bask in our marital bliss. He asked us many times, and although I’m nearly a hundred years old, I still have a youthful heart. I like young men like him. Grandma wishes you well and hopes you can have a blissful marriage like ours."
###Chapter 1180: Chapter 1180 Wedding 2
Ye Xingguang was originally in a stable mood, but when each woman who entered into marriage handed her a flower, telling her that today was their wedding anniversary and they wanted to convey the happiness of their marriage through the flowers, how could she control her emotions? 
Especially this elderly couple with gray hair, who have loved each other all their lives, made her feel touched and envious. 
These are not just seventy flowers, they are seventy happy marriages, seventy years of a blessed marriage... 
The blessing was too overwhelming; she couldn’t hold so many flowers, so she could only take one and place it on the table one by one...
Her nose tingled with emotion, nearly moved to tears. 
She turned her head, looking at Ye Junqing who was sitting beside her, couldn’t control her feelings, leaned over, and gave his handsome face a hard kiss. noveldrama
With feelings stirred, she said, "Is this my birthday present?" 
"Do you like it?" 
Ye Junqing thought for a long time about what kind of birthday gift to give her, checked out all the major brands’ bags, jewelry, and cosmetics, but found none that satisfied him. 
Later, one day, he was invited to a friend’s wedding anniversary in the circle, had a sudden inspiration, and thought of this idea. 
It was not only a birthday gift but also a hope that these beautiful feelings could be passed down by them, hoping that he and Xiaoyuwei would also be like these seventy happy married couples, always loving, growing old together. 
Ye Xingguang helplessly wiped the corner of her eyes: "You even managed to find grandfathers and grandmothers married for seventy years?" 
Ye Junqing smiled. It wasn’t hard to check, but finding happy couples married for seventy years was much more difficult. 
However, as long as heaven doesn’t disappoint the determined, as long as there is a search, it can definitely be found, but inviting them did take a lot of effort. 
"Husband, thank you. I really like this birthday gift." 
Not just like, she loved it so much that her heart was burning hot. 
Ye Junqing could see the like and warmth in her eyes, he reached out, rubbing her head, "Don’t cry, be careful of your makeup, I don’t want to touch up your makeup, if you like it, smile for me to see, I like to see you smile." 
Ye Xingguang wiped the corner of her eyes: "Luckily, it’s waterproof mascara." 
At this point, the two of them were actually discussing this! 
Han Chengbei, who was sitting nearby being force-fed dog food: Who am I? Where am I? Why am I sitting here? 
Damn it, he had also carefully prepared a birthday gift for Ye Xingguang, alright? 
He spent a lot of money to customize it, just to outdo Ye Junqing’s birthday gift for her! 
But now, no matter how much money one spends on customizations, it can’t compare to Ye Junqing’s birthday gift, it was instantly reduced to dust! 
Dammit, if he ever meets a woman he wants to spend his life with, he has to do this once, it’s so creative, and which woman wouldn’t like this sincerity? Even Han Chengbei is convinced! 
No, no, why should he follow Ye Junqing? 
Can’t he come up with even better ideas himself? But at the moment, he thought no matter how he tried, he couldn’t surpass Ye Junqing’s birthday gift, it was genius! 
At this moment, Lin Hanfeng stood on the stage and said, "Thank you all for attending tonight’s banquet..." 
Lin Hanfeng’s wedding company had lots of emcees, but tonight, he PS-ed all the emcees out, tonight he wanted to act as the emcee himself.
###Chapter 1181: Chapter 1181 Wedding 3
"Tonight, here, a special birthday party will be held to celebrate Miss Ye Xingguang’s birthday." 
Lin Hanfeng said, his gaze simultaneously falling on Ye Xingguang in the audience. 
Her tears had not yet dried, and the table in front of her was filled with flowers, bloom after bloom, without exquisite packaging, but each one made people envious. Who wouldn’t want such happiness? Some of the girls attending the party were mad with jealousy! 
Many people erupted into enthusiastic applause. 
Actually, Ye Xingguang had known all along, but she felt she had to feign surprise, otherwise she would let down the Big Creep who orchestrated this surprise for her. So the moment she heard Lin Hanfeng say those words, she excitedly covered her mouth with her hands, looking at Ye Junqing in disbelief. 
That look, that expression, that movement—she couldn’t have been more surprised. 
Standing on stage, even Lin Hanfeng was convinced. Who knew someone with such a small character in the script could act so well? 
Beside him, Han Chengbei wanted to roll his eyes: Damn, you already knew, yet your expression is so convincing. It’s just a birthday party, and one you knew about beforehand at that! 
From Han Chengbei’s point of view, knowing surprises ahead of time makes them incredibly dull. 
Ye Xingguang found it interesting. After the excitement, she dashed over and hugged Ye Junqing around the neck, giving him an emotional embrace: "Honey, you’re so bad, it turns out you held this birthday party for me, and you said it was for someone else." 
"Do you like it?" Ye Junqing’s voice sounded by her ear. noveldrama
Ye Xingguang nodded vigorously: "I like it." 
Han Chengbei covered his eyes with his hand, unable to watch anymore! 
He really wanted to tell Ye Junqing: What a surprise, your wife knew all along! 
After the applause stopped, Lin Hanfeng continued, "To give Miss Ye Xingguang an unforgettable birthday, Mr. Ye Junqing specially commissioned me, Lin’s Group, to organize this birthday party. This is Mr. Ye Junqing’s trust in me, and I am deeply honored." 
Lin Hanfeng, never missing an opportunity to brag, was utterly shameless. 
Sitting in the audience, Tang Zhou almost couldn’t bear to listen anymore. Can you get to the point already? 
But Lin Hanfeng continued to advertise Lin’s Group, rambling on pointlessly until everyone wanted to hit him. Finally, Lin Hanfeng closed his mouth and said, "Now, I announce that the party has officially begun, strike up the music." 
As soon as Lin Hanfeng’s words fell, the lights in the banquet hall dimmed, and then the wedding march began to play melodiously. 
Ye Xingguang, who had already pulled herself from Ye Junqing’s embrace, was momentarily stunned when she heard the wedding march. Was the music playing out of time? 
Lin Hanfeng, on stage, said, "Miss Ye Xingguang, on behalf of Mr. Ye Junqing, I convey a message to you. He wants to see you in a wedding dress. Can you fulfill his wish?" 
Ye Xingguang hadn’t fully grasped the situation; she instinctively looked at Ye Junqing. What did he mean by wanting to see her in a wedding dress? 
Ye Junqing smiled without speaking. 
On stage, Lin Hanfeng said, "Miss Ye Xingguang, would you be willing to wear a wedding dress today and marry Mr. Ye Junqing beside you, making your birthday your wedding anniversary?" 
"If you are willing, everyone present is willing to give you three minutes to change. We look forward to this blissful wedding blessed by everyone."
###Chapter 1182: Chapter 1182 Wedding 4
This time, Ye Xingguang was truly stunned, looking at Ye Junqing with a bewildered expression. 
Because she couldn’t understand what Lin Hanfeng meant by those words? 
Yes, she was so surprised she froze, her mind went blank, and all she could hear was the wedding march... 
Ye Junqing stood up, reached out to touch her forehead, "Would you be willing? There’s a changing room nearby, with a wedding dress prepared for you. I want to see you in a wedding gown; I’ll be waiting here for you." 
Ye Xingguang remained motionless, and after a while, she spoke in disbelief, "Wedding?" 
She covered her mouth with both hands, looked at Ye Junqing, then at all the guests in the banquet hall who were staring at her, and said in disbelief, "Isn’t this supposed to be my birthday party?" 
"Wow!" Han Chengbei directly swore! 
This is not a birthday party; it’s a wedding banquet! 
No wonder he felt something was off the moment he walked in; the birthday party was set up so romantically and dreamily, it was too much—turned out to be a wedding! 
Ye Junqing, that bastard, intended to surprise his beloved Xingguang not with a birthday surprise but a wedding surprise? noveldrama
What’s the point of a surprise for a wedding? 
Who doesn’t celebrate in a big, loud way, announcing to everyone when getting married? Which bride doesn’t start preparing with excitement the night before? Who doesn’t start the marriage festivities in the morning and keep the joy going all day? 
But, this jerk Ye Junqing skipped all the complicated processes and went straight for a surprise wedding? 
Even the bride herself didn’t know? 
Why does he want to curse Ye Junqing for messing with the wedding too? Yet, he wonders why not mess with it? 
How many newlyweds are so busy organizing the wedding that they don’t even want to get married anymore? 
How many think of the wedding as a silly affair, pleasing everyone else while they exhaust themselves with no sense of romance? 
If it weren’t for needing to give out the wedding money, many probably wouldn’t want to hold the wedding at all—it’s both corny and bothersome! 
So why not have a creative wedding, something that doesn’t tire the bride and moves her to tears? 
Look at her! Getting such a surprise was truly amazing. 
This is the real surprise! 
Tang Zhou rushed over, grabbing the overly surprised Ye Xingguang, "Oh, my dear brother Qing wanted to hold the wedding with you on your birthday. Come on, let me take you to the changing room to change clothes." 
Then, Tang Zhou excitedly pulled Ye Xingguang away. 
In the lounge, Tang Zhou said, "My brother Qing said your birthday isn’t really a good day. Those heartless parents from Xia’s Family brought you into this world without really wanting you, so he wants to hold the wedding on this day. They say marriage is a woman’s second life; my dear brother Qing wants to tell you that from now on, this day is different, understand?" 
Xiao Mi Hu pushed Tang Zhou out, answering for Ye Xingguang, "Got it, got it, this day will soon be rewritten by a great change. 
You hurry out; my best friend is going to change clothes now." 
Inside the lounge was a stunning wedding gown with a long train that felt incredibly romantic at heart. 
"Hurry up, hurry up, bestie, you only have three minutes to change, the groom is still waiting outside for you." 
Ye Xingguang stared at the mesmerizing wedding gown before her, froze for a moment, then quickly took off her clothes. With Xiao Mi Hu’s help, it wasn’t until she finished putting on the wedding dress and saw herself in the mirror that she finally realized, this... is truly her wedding? 
[An Ying: Update ends here today, more updates tomorrow, kisses, asking for monthly votes and recommendations]
###Chapter 1183: Chapter 1183 Wedding 5
No matter if Ye Xingguang believes it or not, in short, the wedding took place under the gaze of an audience and the witnesses of all family and friends. 
She put on a beautiful wedding dress and walked out of the lounge. 
Her father, Song Chuanqi, waited for her at the door of the lounge, looking at her beauty, reminded of the first time he saw her. 
At that time, she was twelve, lying on the surface of the sea, barely alive, letting the waves push her wherever. He rowed his boat to her front, realizing she was no ordinary girl, but had a tail as the lower part of her body, just like a national treasure mermaid. noveldrama
Song Chuanqi was shocked. Her clothes were mostly torn, and with her body covered in injuries, it stirred his sympathy and pity. So, he salvaged her from the sea.
At that moment, Song Chuanqi never thought that this child would become his daughter one day. He simply wanted to save her life. 
Now, the girl who was once barely breathing has grown into a graceful and beautiful woman, about to step into the wedding scene. 
He could guarantee that no father wants to give his daughter away to another brat, but he could also guarantee that no father doesn’t want to. A father is just such a contradictory role. 
Ye Xingguang, a little shy, took Song Chuanqi’s arm, feeling very excited inside, "Dad, did you know about the wedding today as well?" 
"Yes." 
Ye Xingguang was excited yet nervous, "Am I the only one who didn’t know? You all didn’t tell me, you were all keeping it from me, you’re all too bad." 
Song Chuanqi laughed and said to his daughter, "The bad one is the man you picked, not your dad." 
"Yes, he’s the worst." 
But her heart was sweet to death. She originally thought the surprise given to her by the big jerk was just to throw her a birthday party. She already knew about that surprise in advance, so she didn’t feel the surprise, just secretly happy in her heart. Who would have thought this was actually the real surprise? 
This was not a birthday party but a wedding, just on her birthday. 
The wedding march echoed in her ears. She walked step by step with her father to the end of the red carpet, where Ye Junqing was waiting for her. 
Ye Junqing stood tall there, looking at the beautiful little mermaid, filled with deep affection. 
Finally, his bride was brought to him by her father-in-law. Her father-in-law placed her hand in his, and Ye Junqing instinctively grasped it tightly. 
Song Chuanqi said, "Today, I formally hand over my daughter to you." 
Bai Lanwu also came over, standing together with Song Chuanqi, looking at the two of them, "You have to treat her well, you must not bully her. She is the daughter I raised with so much care and experience, and I won’t allow her to suffer even the slightest grievance, Junqing, I need you to solemnly promise me." 
Ye Junqing’s voice was not just earnest, but even devout, "Dad, Mom, thank you for entrusting your most beloved daughter to me. I will prove with the rest of my life that the trust you placed in me will never be betrayed." 
Bai Lanwu couldn’t control the tears in her eyes, nodding her head. 
Seeing her mother cry, Ye Xingguang couldn’t control the tears from rolling down her cheeks either. She said, "Dad, Mom, don’t worry, I’ve found my own happiness and I won’t let you worry." 
Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu both nodded, Bai Lanwu wiped away her tears and showed a smile of blessing, "Go on then."
###Chapter 1184: Chapter 1184 Wedding 6
Then, the handsome groom and the beautiful bride, under the accompaniment of the wedding march, walked step by step on the red carpet. 
The wedding wasn’t held in a church, but at the banquet venue, the host of the wedding had arranged a special ceremony that was as solemn as if it were in a church, with a priest waiting for them at the end of the red carpet... 
Countless friends and family were seated, watching the two protagonists of the day, their eyes full of blessings. 
Ye Xingguang linked arms with Ye Junqing, holding her bouquet, feeling the witness of friends and family around her, her heart was unstoppable with excitement, she couldn’t help but recall the wedding held in the underwater world last time. 
At that time she was wearing a queen’s outfit, without a wedding dress. She always felt that a wedding without a wedding dress seemed lacking, a wedding without parents and friends present was far from perfect, now, she was finally fulfilled. 
She also saw Yen’an and Bai Xiao, Yen’an took pictures incessantly with her phone, then nudged Bai Xiao vigorously, saying she also wanted such a wedding, she also wanted to wear a wedding dress, although she and Bai Xiao had long held a wedding in the underwater tradition. 
Bai Xiao smiled and nodded promisingly, "Alright, we’ll also have one in the future." 
Finally, Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang finished walking the red carpet, and the wedding march came to a halt, 
Next was the most important vow segment of the wedding. 
Priest: Ladies and gentlemen, today we gather here to celebrate the wedding of Mr. Ye Junqing and Miss Ye Xingguang. Marriage is the sublimation of love and mutual trust. It requires not only the love of both sides for a lifetime but also lifelong mutual trust. Today, Mr. Ye Junqing and Miss Ye Xingguang will solemnly proclaim their commitment to love and trust each other. 
Priest: Mr. Ye Junqing and Miss Ye Xingguang, please now announce your wish to marry to those present. 
Priest: Mr. Ye Junqing, do you take Miss Ye Xingguang as your wife? Do you promise to love her unconditionally, in prosperity or hardship, wealth or poverty, health or sickness, happiness or sorrow, and be loyal to her forever? 
Ye Junqing tightly held Ye Xingguang’s hand, fingers interlocked, under the magnificent lights, confidently answered, "I do." 
Ye Xingguang’s heart surged with warmth upon hearing those three words, she lifted her gaze to look at Ye Junqing, her eyes filled with deep affection. 
Because, she really loved those three words. 
Priest: Miss Ye Xingguang, do you take Mr. Ye Junqing as your husband, do you promise to love him unconditionally, in prosperity or hardship, wealth or poverty, health or sickness, happiness or sorrow, and be loyal to him forever? 
Is there even a need to ask? 
She had waited for this moment, she didn’t know for how long, every girl harbors a sacred longing for these three words. 
"I do." 
Priest: Mr. Ye Junqing and Miss Ye Xingguang, please now face each other, hold each other’s hands, and declare your vows as wife and husband. 
Upon hearing this, Ye Xingguang handed her bouquet to the bridesmaid, Xiao Mi Hu. noveldrama
Then, both her hands were clasped by Ye Junqing. 
The two faced each other, gazing into each other’s eyes. 
Priest: "Mr. Ye Junqing, please now say after me..." 
Ye Junqing’s voice, deep and affectionate, "I, Ye Junqing, fully commit to marrying you as my wife, in prosperity or hardship, wealth or poverty, health or sickness, happiness or sorrow, I will love you unconditionally, I will strive to understand you, and completely trust you.
###Chapter 1185: Chapter 1185 Wedding 7
"We will become one, part of each other. We will face everything in life together, sharing our dreams, as equal and faithful partners, for the rest of our lives." 
Priest: "Miss Ye Xingguang, now please repeat after me..." 
Ye Xingguang: "I, Ye Xingguang, will wholeheartedly give myself to you as your wife, whether in prosperity or adversity, wealth or poverty, health or illness, joy or sorrow. I will love you unreservedly. I will strive to understand you, trust you completely. We will become one, part of each other. We will face everything in life together, sharing our dreams, as equal and faithful partners, for the rest of our lives." 
Priest: "Here are two rings now, they symbolize marriage. Their perfect circle represents life and love, symbolizing eternal affection." 
Priest: "Now, Mr. Xiao Yun, please place the ring on the bride’s hand." 
Xiao Yun had many groomsmen, but this time, Yen’an volunteered to be the best man. 
Thus, as the best man, Yen’an carried a silver tray forward, with two wedding rings on it. 
The wedding rings don’t have particularly intricate designs; they look quite ordinary. But on the inside of the rings, the names of two people are engraved. Furthermore, these aren’t ordinary rings; they have communication ring functionalities. 
After establishing a business partnership with his son, Xiao Yun acquired the technology for communication rings, which he then incorporated into his own wedding rings, making them very commemorative. 
Thus, the two of them removed the communication rings they previously bought at the underwater mall. 
Then, Xiao Yun placed the wedding ring on Ye Xingguang’s ring finger, hoping to bind her for a lifetime through it. 
Priest: "Mr. Xiao Yun, please repeat after me. You are my life, my love, my closest friend. I take you as my wife today. This ring will forever be a testament to my deep love and solemn commitment to you today." 
Xiao Yun recited it. 
Priest: "Now, Miss Ye Xingguang, please place the ring on the groom’s hand." 
Ye Xingguang also placed the wedding ring on Xiao Yun’s ring finger. 
His hands are very handsome, and after placing the ring on his finger, she thought of taking a photo with her phone. 
Of course, at such a solemn moment, she only thought of it. noveldrama
Priest: "Miss Ye Xingguang, please repeat after me. You are my life, my love, my closest friend. I take you as my husband today. This ring will forever be a testament to my deep love and solemn commitment to you today." 
Ye Xingguang recited it. 
Priest: "Now, Mr. Xiao Yun, you may kiss your bride." 
Priest: "From now on, you will no longer be drenched by cold rain because you provide shelter for each other. From now on, you will no longer feel cold because you warm each other’s hearts. From now on, there will no longer be loneliness. From now on, you are still two individuals, but only one life. May your days be wonderful every day until the end of time." 
Priest: "Now allow me to introduce to everyone: Mr. Xiao Yun and his wife Miss Ye Xingguang, let us all bless them together." 
Suddenly, all the guests burst into applause. 
The wedding ceremony officially ended. 
Yen Anyue tightened her grip on her man’s arm: "Ahhh! I definitely must have a wedding like this. I love this sense of ceremony so much. If I didn’t have such ceremony, I would regret it for the rest of my life!"
###Chapter 1186: Chapter 1186 Wedding 8
It’s a pity, Bai Xiao, is our underwater wedding lacking in ceremony? 
However, Bai Xiao can’t understand a woman’s heart. 
Still, Bai Xiao understands one thing: if your wife likes something, you must do it. 
So he said, "Alright." 
After the wedding ceremony, it’s time for the toast. 
Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing, accompanied by both sets of parents, toasted table by table to the guests. 
It’s fine when encountering a table of elders, but when it’s a table of young people, it becomes a bit more challenging. The groom and bride must participate in some games before they’ll drink. After toasting two tables of young people, Ye Xingguang’s head was practically spinning. 
At that moment, Ye Junqing whispered something in her ear, causing Ye Xingguang’s eyes to shine brightly, and she nodded vigorously. 
Ye Junqing offered a brilliant idea to evade the toasts, and she immediately thought it was a fantastic idea. 
Then she said to her mother-in-law, "Mom, I need to go to the bathroom." 
"Huh? Then go ahead, do you need someone to accompany you?" 
"Yes, yes, I want Junqing to go with me." 
"Alright, go quickly, we will wait for you to return and then toast the next table." 
Thus, Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang made their escape, slipping out of the bustling banquet hall. 
Five minutes later, they returned together, but this time it was Xiao Yun and Huo Liuli. 
Xiao Yun informed Huo Liuli that someone intended to kidnap Ye Xingguang tonight. As Ye Xingguang’s subordinate, requested to disguise as Ye Xingguang to outwit them, Huo Liuli found no reason to refuse. 
The event continued with toasting, which included various pranks and activities requiring involvement from the groom and bride. Since these activities were somewhat mischievous, Ye Junqing couldn’t possibly accompany Huo Liuli, who’s disguised as Ye Xingguang, so Xiao Yun figured he should also disguise himself as Ye Junqing. 
This reason earned him a sharp glare from Huo Liuli. 
She knew Xiao Yun had ulterior motives. 
Xiao Yun indeed had ulterior motives and was greatly interested in being asked by guests to play various games, like one involving a string tied to candy that the groom and bride must eat together. Xiao Yun thought such games were wonderful and was happy to be challenged at every table. 
At this moment, Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing, changed clothes, left the wedding hall. 
Then, they drove away from the hotel directly. 
The most important part of the wedding was over, and neither liked the remaining socializing, escaping was simply exhilarating. noveldrama
Sitting in the car, Ye Xingguang praised Ye Junqing and then asked while leaning on his shoulder, "Where are we going now?" 
"To the bridal chamber." 
"..." 
However, she was quite looking forward to it. 
But at that moment, Lin Hanfeng sent her a message on WeChat. 
Fate Bro: "A little stroke of fate, how is your birthday? Having a good time tonight? Ah! Right, I arranged a meteor shower for you to watch when you’re in the bridal chamber. When it comes to weddings, I’m the most professional. If any sisters want to get married, be sure to recommend Lin’s." 
A little stroke of fate: "You say that, but you’ve been teasing me all around, still, I really like it." 
Fate Bro: "So, I’ve arranged a meteor shower for you. This time, no teasing, promise kept. Remember to record it and post it on Weibo, okay?" 
Ye Xingguang didn’t reply, the car drove straight to a high-rise five-star hotel, and entered the specially prepared bridal suite for the newlyweds. As soon as they entered, it felt incredibly romantic... 
[An Ying: Ending today’s update here, continuing tomorrow. Kisses, asking for monthly votes, recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1187: Chapter 1187: However wild you want to be, what face does a man need?
The banquet hall is still lively at this moment, the young people feel it’s rare to have a chance to mess with Ye Junqing. Even Ye Junqing himself doesn’t refuse, so whoever misses this opportunity is a fool. As a result, all sorts of pranks and reckless acts... 
But Xiao Yun is thoroughly enjoying it, eager to tell everyone, don’t hold back, just use whatever tricks you have, I’ll satisfy you all. 
It seems that Lin Hanfeng has guessed Xiao Yun’s inner thoughts. Behind his back, she angrily kicks him with eyes warning: If you’re going to pretend, at least do it convincingly. Where is your image as the richest idol outside?
Xiao Yun pretends not to notice the disdain in Lin Hanfeng’s eyes. Opportunities like this are rare, and a man who can’t seize them is destined to be single forever. Xiao Yun wants to end his single life, so he plays it wild. What does a man need face for? 
So, for every game, he doesn’t refuse anyone. 
Lin Hanfeng is furious, but since she’s playing the role of the bride today, she can’t blow up, so she has to endure it. 
Either explode in silence or perish in silence. 
She swears that once this wedding is over, Xiao Yun is in for it! 
Han Chengbei covers his face with his hand, unsure whether to let out a string of curses. How can Ye Junqing be this open during play? What about your image? This is shaking my worldview! Why is he here? Why did he come! 
But if there was truly a remedy for regret, he still feels he would have come. After all, it’s "his lord’s" wedding. How regrettable it would be not to come! 
Lin Hanfeng comes over with a glass of wine towards Han Chengbei: "Young Master Han, what do you think of the wedding our Lin family has organized?" 
Han Chengbei flippantly shakes his long legs that have nowhere to rest: "It’s just okay." 
Haha, you really dare to say that! 
This is clearly the language of envy, jealousy, and hatred! 
I’ve heard plenty of it! 
After all, I know myself, the weddings organized by our Lin family are second to none! 
Lin Hanfeng’s face is full of pride, with ’I’m the best in the world’ written all over it. Of course, Han Chengbei ignores him, looking at the time, it’s time to go! 
If he sits down again, Han Chengbei feels like hitting someone. 
But Lin Hanfeng pulls him back: "Don’t leave, Young Master Han, when is the next underwater tourism project launching? I want to join the group, I haven’t played in the underwater world yet, I want to go and have some fun too." 
When it comes to their own business, actually, Han Chengbei and Lin Hanfeng are the same type of person. Instantly, Han Chengbei picked up a business card of Starlight Tourism Company’s registration hotline and handed it to Lin Hanfeng, then started talking enthusiastically... 
The toasting finally ended, Lin Hanfeng looked a bit tipsy, rubbing her head, she returned to her seat and sat down. 
A waiter brought over a dish, and accidentally spilled soup all over Lin Hanfeng’s toasting dress. 
The waiter kept apologizing: "Sorry, I apologize so much..." 
Han Chengbei was chatting with Lin Hanfeng when he saw what happened nearby, he glared at the waiter: "How are you serving dishes? Is sorry enough? My lord, you weren’t hurt, were you?" 
"I’m fine, I’ll go to the restroom to clean up." noveldrama
After Lin Hanfeng finished speaking, she got up and left the banquet hall. 
Xiao Yun was still sitting in his seat, watching Lin Hanfeng’s departing back, thinking her waist looked incredibly appealing. 
After Lin Hanfeng entered the restroom, the woman standing by the sink washing her hands sprayed some perfume on herself, a pleasant aroma wafted into her nose, and as if she didn’t react, she felt her head getting more and more dizzy. In the next second, she lost consciousness. 
The woman called her to leave, and she groggily followed, like a puppet. 
Very soon, she arrived in the underground parking lot and got into a car.
###Chapter 1188: Chapter 1188: Ye Xingguang, just wait to die at my hands!
On the other side, at the Xia’s Family, Xia Yanyan stood on the balcony, holding her phone and waiting for a call. 
Suddenly, the phone screen lit up, followed by a melodious ringtone. Xia Yanyan immediately pressed the answer button: "How is it?" 
On the other end of the line was Xue Changqing’s confident laughter: "Yanyan, my goddess, don’t be so nervous. I promised you, and I absolutely won’t break my word." 
Xia Yanyan’s heart leapt with joy: "So..." 
"That’s right, just as you thought, someone is willing to donate bone marrow to you. You can have as much bone marrow as you want." Xue Changqing laughed over the phone, delighted to demonstrate his capability to Xia Yanyan. 
Xia Yanyan was so excited that it was as if she had seen a ray of hope in the darkness. 
Indeed, she did see it. Suddenly, a meteor shower appeared in the city sky, not just one by one, but in clusters. 
It was so beautiful, as if the heavens were celebrating her impending rebirth. 
Xia Yanyan was consumed with hatred: "I want all her bone marrow, as much as you can get. Also, no one can know about this, so next, under the guise of going out for relaxation, I will come to you for treatment, and you must arrange everything for me." 
Xue Changqing said: "No problem, the bone marrow transplant surgery will require you to stay in a sterile chamber, but Yanyan, don’t be afraid. I will be with you all the way until you are fully recovered." 
"Thank you, Changqing." 
Although Xia Yanyan felt nothing for Xue Changqing, at this moment, as long as Xue Changqing was willing to help her, willing to do anything for her, she realized for the first time that only a man like him was worthy of being her lapdog. noveldrama
That’s right, other men weren’t even worthy of licking her shoes! 
Once she was cured, she would definitely kill Ye Xingguang. Then, she would see if there would be another Xia Qiongqiong in Country A that could become a national treasure! 
When she was the only mermaid in the whole country, she would become a strategic resource! 
Even now, as everyone was eager to attack her, Xia Yanyan believed she would make a comeback one day! 
No rush, Ye Xingguang, just wait to die by my hands! 
... 
At this moment, Ye Xingguang was in Yen’an’s embrace. The two of them sat in front of the romantic floor-to-ceiling windows of a high-rise building in the city, listening to beautiful music, enjoying fine wine, and overlooking the city’s glittering lights. 
Most of the time, her eyes were looking upward. "Is there really a meteor shower tonight? I checked online for quite a while, and none of the reports mentioned it. Are you pulling my leg?" 
Yen’an embraced her from behind: "Close your eyes, count to three, then open them, and I guarantee you will see it." 
However, Ye Xingguang did not close her eyes. Instead, she opened them wide and even turned on her phone’s recording function. 
"I saw a meteor shower only once when I was a child at sea. Yen’an and I sat foolishly on the lawn in the middle of the night, waiting for hours. A meteor finally flew across the sky, and then, after several dozen minutes, another one flew by. At that moment, I felt utterly disillusioned. The promised meteor shower was nowhere near like rain, so... ah..." 
Ye Xingguang wanted to say that there was no point in looking forward to a meteor shower, but before she could finish, dozens of meteors suddenly appeared in the sky, flying into the atmosphere as if from the edge of the sky. 
The scene was so beautiful that she didn’t dare to blink! 
"Make a wish quickly." Yen’an prompted her by her ear. 
Ye Xingguang immediately made a wish upon the meteors: God, please bless President Gu’s traditional medicine so it can cure Xiaohua’s genetic disease.
###Chapter 1189: Chapter 1189: This is No Meteor Shower
Not only did they see the meteor shower, but many people in this city saw it too. So many people took photos or videos and shared them on WeChat Moments or Weibo, really excited since it’s the first time in their lives they’ve seen such a beautiful meteor shower. 
Netizens who saw the photos and videos on Moments or Weibo left comments one after another: 
"Ahhhhh! So beautiful, why didn’t I see it? It’s also clear skies here." 
"I’m an astronomy station employee, even we didn’t predict there would be a meteor shower tonight!" 
"I’m an astronomy enthusiast, I also didn’t observe any meteor showers tonight. Where were these meteor showers seen?" 
Soon, everyone realized that it seemed only the capital city could see the meteor shower, while no other cities had any reactions. 
This isn’t scientific; meteor showers should be visible in many cities, like the moon. Why can you see it in the capital, and I can’t see it in another city? 
The meteor shower in the capital lasted for nearly five minutes, with each instance as dense as if raining in the sky, captivatingly beautiful. 
Netizens in the capital didn’t care why other cities couldn’t see it; they just enjoyed a visual feast. 
However, soon, some astronomy enthusiasts in the capital took telescopes to capture the meteor shower, and then they discovered it actually wasn’t a meteor shower. Through the telescopes, they saw a group of wingsuit flyers. 
These wingsuit flyers, riding planes from high altitudes, followed firework trails, creating an "astronomical romance" while moving through the night! 
This was a fake meteor shower that, due to limited visibility, people on the ground didn’t notice and mistook for a real meteor shower. noveldrama
Those astronomy enthusiasts immediately debunked the rumor and announced the truth online. 
After Ye Xingguang finished watching the meteor shower, she took out her phone to post on Weibo and discovered someone was debunking online that it was a man-made meteor shower.
This man-made meteor shower, within a short time, topped the trending searches by netizens. 
"Whoa! A man-made meteor shower, that’s way too extravagant. Which rich second generation came up with this new way to impress girls?" 
"This isn’t a meteor shower; it’s clearly a rain of money—money truly moves mountains, poverty really does constrict imagination!" 
"Who cares! Beauty is all that matters." 
At this moment, Lin Hanfeng jumped up on Weibo, tagging @Ye Junqing @Li Fish Girl: Congratulations on your wedding! Attached with [Wedding Scene][Meteor Shower] 
Ye Xingguang was about to post a picture, but Lin Hanfeng tagged her and also posted a picture of the meteor shower, and his picture looked better, so she held back from posting hers and directly reposted Lin Hanfeng’s Weibo: Thank you for organizing this wedding for us, especially the meteor shower. Tonight was so happy. 
Seeing the online discussions about the man-made meteor shower, Ye Xingguang instantly understood that this extravagant meteor shower was a romantic gesture prepared for her by her big troublemaker. 
"Is this a wedding gift or a birthday gift?" She turned her head and asked the man who held her in his arms. 
"Both." 
He turned her body around and then picked her up, steadily walking toward the bed covered in heart-shaped petals, pressing her onto the roses, and spoke lowly with a smile: "However, I want to be considered both the birthday gift and the wedding gift. Which one do you prefer?" 
Ye Xingguang blinked and immediately wrapped her arms around her big troublemaker’s neck. Does she even need to say?
###Chapter 1190: Chapter 1190: Surprise or not? Unexpected or not?
The netizens are still scrolling through Weibo, and because Ye Xingguang has so many followers, someone quickly discovered who this wealthy playboy is. Ahhh, it turns out to be Ye Junqing. 
"Oh my god, are you crazy? Is today the wedding of the big tumor and the koi fish girl? How come the media didn’t reveal anything beforehand? Where are the paparazzi? What are they even doing? Don’t think just because the two aren’t celebrities you can slack off! Haven’t you heard that the koi fish girl is going to adapt a super popular online novel? How could your dog noses not pick this up? Truly, you’ve disappointed me beyond words!"
"Ahhh! Is this true? Is this meteor shower prepared for the koi fish girl? No wonder it’s only visible in the imperial capital. Ahhh, the wedding scene is just too beautiful, are there more photos? Please share more! I can feast on this sweetness again!" 
"I also haven’t heard about the wedding of the koi fish girl and the big tumor, why wasn’t this announced nationwide? This is too much, I protest, I must know more, please spill the photos." 
"..." 
A group of fans were cutely protesting in the comments of Ye Xingguang’s Weibo, but unfortunately, Ye Xingguang was in the bridal chamber, too busy to reply to them. Actually, she didn’t know either, okay? 
Tang Zhou couldn’t hold back and explained on Weibo: "Hahaha! Surprised or not? Unexpected or not? It’s completely normal that you don’t know because my Brother Qing wanted to give my Sis-in-law a surprise. It was only at the wedding that my Sis-in-law found out they were getting married today! My Sis-in-law was so shocked she nearly cried." 
Then, Tang Zhou released a video of tonight’s wedding... 
Seeing the video released by Tang Zhou, the candy-eating netizens got even more excited. They didn’t expect a wedding could be this playful? 
The bride only found out at the wedding venue that tonight was her wedding, and today is also the koi fish girl’s birthday? 
Ahhh, so enviable, envy until death, tonight they must be pushed to the top of the trending list! 
Xia Yanyan scrolled through the lively Weibo with a cold sneer in her heart. Hmph, so what if it’s romantic? Too bad for the bride, she’s about to become my victim. From now on, there’ll never be a second mermaid in Country A! 
Xia Yanyan packed her luggage simply and bought a flight, ostensibly going abroad to relax. 
In reality, after going abroad, she secretly took Xue Changqing’s private plane and flew back, aiming to create an alibi for herself. 
Ye Xingguang disappeared, and Ye Junqing would surely panic, searching everywhere, but this had nothing to do with her. 
After secretly returning, Xia Yanyan was directly picked up by Xue Changqing and taken to a sanatorium, staying in a private small villa. 
After entering the small villa, Xia Yanyan asked Xue Changqing, "Where is that bitch Ye Xingguang now?" 
Xue Changqing pointed downward. 
Xia Yanyan thought for a moment: "In the basement?" 
"My Yanyan is always so clever." 
Isn’t that obvious? She, Xia Yanyan, is a mermaid possessing both beauty and intelligence. 
"Have you done the parental DNA test with her and my parents?" 
Although Xia Yanyan was always certain that Ye Xingguang was Xia Qiongqiong, it was safer to conduct a parental DNA test. 
Before leaving, she had handed over the test sample from her father to Xue Changqing. She had already taken a flight and come back, so the DNA test results should be out by now, right? 
As long as the test result confirms a biological father-daughter relationship, Ye Xingguang is undoubtedly Xia Qiongqiong, and she can proceed with the bone marrow transplant surgery. noveldrama
[An Ying: Updating ends here today, will continue tomorrow, mwah, asking for monthly votes, and recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1191: Chapter 1191 Xia Yanyan Is Completely Done 1
"It should be here soon." Xue Changqing thought about calling to hurry it up. 
But just as he took out his phone, his subordinate brought over the results of the paternity test report. 
The subordinate handed over the document bag: "Young Master Xue, just got it." 
Xue Changqing motioned for his subordinate to give it to Xia Yanyan. 
Xia Yanyan eagerly opened the document bag, took out the paternity test report, looking at the final result with great anticipation. 
She thought this would be her way out, but... 
Xia Yanyan staggered: "How could this be?" 
"What?" Xue Changqing saw her face turn pale. 
Her hands trembled: "Ye Xingguang has no blood relation to my dad, she’s not my sister Xia Qiongqiong, how could this be? Then who is Xia Qiongqiong, where is she? Without her, how can I undergo the bone marrow transplant surgery." noveldrama
Xue Changqing had always listened to Xia Yanyan’s confident tone, saying Ye Xingguang was Xia Qiongqiong, so they even prepared the underground doctor. Unexpectedly, it turned out to be this result. 
"Yanyan baby, don’t worry. Although Ye Xingguang can’t donate bone marrow to you, she must know where Xia Qiongqiong is. I’ll have people interrogate her; when we find out Xia Qiongqiong’s whereabouts, you’ll still have a way out." 
"Right!" Xia Yanyan quickly calmed down: "I want to ask Ye Xingguang myself, personally ask Ye Xingguang." 
Xue Changqing took her to the basement. 
In the basement, Huo Liuli was still wearing Ye Xingguang’s toast dress, with her hands and feet bound behind her, appearing unable to move. But these little tricks of tying people up were child’s play in Huo Liuli’s eyes; she was simply too lazy to break free. 
Xia Yanyan, emotionally charged, walked up to Huo Liuli, clearly wanting to ask where Xia Qiongqiong was yet casually flicking a breeze. 
"Ye Xingguang, surprised, aren’t you? You actually have a day when you would fall into my hands." 
Xia Yanyan held a fruit knife, pressing it against Huo Liuli’s chin, forcing her to lift her head: "Haven’t you always been arrogant? You enter my house whenever you want, smash things whenever you feel like it. Now show me your arrogance." 
Huo Liuli remained silent; she wasn’t very skilled at mimicking others’ voices, striving to be a quiet, pretty girl. 
"Why aren’t you speaking? Scared? You actually have a day to be scared?" 
Xia Yanyan laughed out loud in excitement; she had never had the upper hand in front of Ye Xingguang, always ending up humiliated and slapped in the face. Seeing Ye Xingguang land in her hands now, it was as if she let out all the frustration accumulated over the past few months in an instant. 
She stared at Huo Liuli’s face: "This face is really beautiful, indeed better looking than mine. I can’t deny that, but soon it’ll be ruined. Tell me, where is Xia Qiongqiong, I’ll give you just three seconds, once time’s up, I’ll create art on your face. Go ahead and try, see if Xia Yanyan dares or not..." 
Huo Liuli remained silent, just tugging at the corner of her mouth. 
After being locked in the room, she installed several surveillance cameras in this room, and the surveillance footage had been off. But the moment Xia Yanyan and Xue Changqing walked in, she turned on the cameras. 
At this precise moment, the news of Ye Xingguang being kidnapped at her wedding had already spread everywhere, and netizens were buzzing! 
Who kidnapped the Koi Girl at the wedding, absolutely insane! 
The last time, the Koi Girl was kidnapped on her engagement journey, this time, she’s kidnapped at the wedding, who the hell is so malicious, refusing to let the Koi Girl have happiness?
###Chapter 1192: Chapter 1192 Xia Yanyan Is Completely Done 2
At this moment, a livestream appeared on Xia Yanyan’s Weibo account. 
That’s right, the minions of Fire Liuli hacked Xia Yanyan’s Weibo account, and from the moment Xia Yanyan and Xue Changqing entered this basement, the livestream began on her Weibo account. 
Xia Yanyan had no idea that her arrogance was being seen by countless netizens. 
Despite some fans unfollowing her, she still had an astonishing number of followers on Weibo. After many years of building her account, probably no one on the entire Junxing Weibo had more followers than her, hence as soon as the livestream began, countless people clicked to watch. 
"Whoa! Turns out Xia Yanyan kidnapped the Carp Girl? And she’s threatening her with a knife, how is she becoming increasingly vicious?" noveldrama
"It’s beyond vicious, it’s downright insane, kidnapping Carp Girl and livestreaming it, so fearless, she’s terrifying!" 
"Previously when she kidnapped her two illegitimate sisters, I didn’t feel so strongly because they were illegitimate daughters, all those who destroy others’ families are unforgivable, Xia Yanyan’s momentary impulse can be understood, but what did Carp Girl do to offend her? She actually kidnapped her at her wedding and threatened to slash her face with a knife, call the police, dial 110, tell the Great Scourge to save his wife quickly!" 
Xia Yanyan, unaware of the uproar online, still basked in the pleasure of crushing Ye Xingguang underfoot. 
She was counting down fearlessly: "Three, two,..."
"Why are you looking for her?" Fire Liuli deliberately altered his voice, giving it a raspy sound, creating a sense of vocal difference. 
"That’s none of your business." 
"You want her to donate bone marrow, right? I heard your chronic myeloid leukemia has flared up again?" Fire Liuli said, putting on a mocking smile, "You’ve been fine for so many years, but suddenly it flares up now, is this what they call one’s sins catching up to them?" 
"Smack!" Xia Yanyan raised her hand and slapped Fire Liuli. 
The netizens, watching this scene, were so angry they almost rushed through the screen. Ah ah ah! Officers, there’s a bad woman here, quickly arrest her, she’s bullying our precious Carp! 
Still not satisfied after one slap, Xia Yanyan slapped Fire Liuli again. "If you dare speak to me in that tone again, I’ll slap your face!" 
Fire Liuli made no further sound, only looked at Xia Yanyan with eyes as if staring at a female corpse. 
These two slaps weren’t for nothing. 
Xia Yanyan stood up, pacing furiously in the room, unable to suppress the grief within: "I never expected you to know about my illness? Yes! I said it’s flared up, are you happy? Do you want to gloat? I’ll tell you, even if I’m sick, it’s not for you to gloat, today if you don’t tell me where Xia Qiongqiong is hiding, I’ll chop you into mince!" 
Fire Liuli said: "Her body isn’t suitable to donate bone marrow to you. Once, because she donated bone marrow to you, her immune system collapsed, her physical condition plummeted, and she was at death’s door, almost losing her life. You should find another marrow source." 
"Where can I find it? Why should I go far when she’s right here? I want Xia Qiongqiong to donate her marrow to me." Xia Yanyan couldn’t contain her agitation. 
"Even if it threatens her health, you’ll still insist?" 
"Her health is nothing! Is her body more important than mine?"
###Chapter 1193: Chapter 1193 Xia Yanyan Is Completely Done 3
"So, you almost took her life once, and now, to save your own, you want to take another life? Xia Yanyan, doesn’t your conscience give you nightmares in the middle of the night?" 
"Shut up!" Xia Yanyan flared up, wanting to raise her hand. 
Thinking that now Xia Qiongqiong was a national treasure, and she was stripped of that honor, a murderous intent welled up in Xia Yanyan’s heart. 
Xia Yanyan roared, "What right does she have to be a national treasure? What right does she have? Do those who praise her know how ugly she was as a child? She doesn’t deserve to exist in this world; her value for coming into this world was to donate bone marrow to me, that has been her only mission in life. She wants to steal my spotlight, but I’m telling you, no way!" 
After saying this, she once again picked up the knife, pressing it against the face of Huo Liuli. "Are you going to talk or not? If you don’t talk, I’ll disfigure you right now! I want to see if Ye Junqing will still like you if your face is ruined!" 
Huo Liuli closed her eyes, looking indifferent, while silently counting down in her mind: three, two, one... 
With a "bang," Xiao Yun, disguised as Ye Junqing, kicked open the basement door. 
Immediately after, there was the sound of Xiao Yun’s angry roar: "I dare you to try touching her!" 
Xia Yanyan was startled by the sound of the door being kicked open, her hand trembled, almost cutting Huo Liuli’s face. However, Huo Liuli moved faster, with her hands tied behind her back, quickly snatching the knife from Xia Yanyan’s hand and then subduing her. 
Everything happened so fast that when Xue Changqing realized what was going on and wanted to save Xia Yanyan, it was too late. 
At this moment, there was no one else in the secret room. Xue Changqing couldn’t find any help and could only cry out, "Let her go!" 
Online, the netizens were stunned. They were extremely tense, afraid that Xia Yanyan would really scar Liuliu Maiden’s face. They were eager to jump through the screen to tear Xia Yanyan apart. In the end, the handsome big villain suddenly kicked the door flying, and then Liuliu Maiden subdued Xia Yanyan—oh my god, it was too awesome! 
The plot twist happened so fast they didn’t even have time to hit the like button! 
"You... you... ah... let me go." 
Xia Yanyan’s arm was dislocated by Huo Liuli, and her screams reached the netizens’ ears, filling them with immense satisfaction. 
Xue Changqing wanted to rush over to save Xia Yanyan, but Xiao Yun moved faster, and when it came to one-on-one combat, Xue Changqing couldn’t even compare to one finger of Xiao Yun. 
"Oh my! The big villain subdued that man in a second. Who is that man?" 
The netizens didn’t know, but soon Xiao Yun called out Xue Changqing’s name: "Xue Changqing, you dare to kidnap my woman?" 
Xue Changqing shouted, "Somebody! Somebody!" 
"Stop shouting, I’ve already taken care of them. I’ve always known about you, eldest son of the Xue family, but you were reported wrongly from birth and ended up in an ordinary family, while Xue Shaoyang was taken by your parents and became the big young master of a wealthy family, right?" 
This segment was meant for Ye Junqing to instruct Xiao Yun to provoke Xue Changqing into confessing, so that without Xue Changqing, Xia Yanyan would be left without a butcher’s knife at her side. 
"But you were quite fortunate; after you grew up, the Xue family found out Xue Shaoyang wasn’t their blood and began investigating, eventually discovering the children were switched at the hospital and acknowledged you back, striving to make amends with you." 
"However, you harbored hatred and took furious revenge on Xue Shaoyang." noveldrama
"Xue Shaoyang always thought he took over your more than twenty years of wealthy life, so he endured you everywhere. But you kept pressing your luck. Xue Shaoyang didn’t want family discord, so he left the Xue family and set up his own business."
###Chapter 1194: Chapter 1194 Xia Yanyan Is Completely Done 4
"It’s a pity, even if he left with nothing and started his own business, you still wouldn’t let him go. You kept sabotaging him from behind, causing his efforts to start his own business to repeatedly turn into a bubble. In the end, you even orchestrated a car accident, leaving him with a broken leg, now forced to rely on a wheelchair for the rest of his days. All of this, it’s because of you, right? You and Xia Yanyan are truly a match made in hell." 
Equally insane! 
Seeing Xue Shaoyang remain silent, Xiao Yun sneered, "What, afraid to admit it?" 
Xue Shaoyang was an extremely arrogant person, yet he also understood the importance of prudence. He did the deed, but he wouldn’t willingly admit it, as that would have consequences for him. noveldrama
Xiao Yun said, "It’s fine if you don’t admit it. I’ve gathered enough evidence. Xue Shaoyang, prepare to go to prison." 
Xue Shaoyang’s eyes darkened: "Don’t think you can trap me, Ye Junqing. Do you think I’d fall for it? Then you’re underestimating me. Getting caught by you today shows your skill, but let me tell you, I’ve already found several people to sleep with your bride... Ah..." 
Xue Shaoyang let out a painful cry, as Xiao Yun kicked and broke one of his legs! 
Even though Xiao Yun didn’t believe Xue Shaoyang had the capability, hearing such words come from his mouth was unbearable. 
Huo Liuli, seeing Xiao Yun provoked to such violence, explained, "He’s lying, nothing happened, no one touched me." 
After speaking, she felt foolish. 
Why did she bother explaining? 
It totally didn’t fit her character! 
Later, Huo Liuli thought it over and realized she was explaining in the identity of Ye Xingguang, clarifying to Ye Junqing, which made her feel at ease. 
Soon, the police rushed in and handcuffed Xue Shaoyang and Xia Yanyan. 
Not being a national treasure anymore, Xia Yanyan had now committed another intentional kidnapping case, so she could be criminally detained! 
Xia Yanyan was probably going down for good! 
... 
The real Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang were already on their honeymoon. 
This time, instead of going elsewhere, Ye Xingguang hadn’t returned to her hometown for a long time. She wanted to stay there for a while, where the mountains and waters and air are good, beneficial for Little Flower’s recovery. 
So, this vacation isn’t just the two of them; Mo Yinhe and Little Flower, Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu, Granny Shen, Master Zhuo, and a bunch of people from the island were also there. 
Granny Shen and others had been invited to attend Ye Xingguang’s wedding and were just about to return after attending. 
Originally, Bai Lanwu was unwilling to leave the imperial capital because her precious granddaughter and grandson were still hatching in their eggs. She had been watching over them daily. Now, suddenly leaving and not watching made her feel uneasy, but Bai Peiluan assured her repeatedly that she would keep an eye on them. Only then did Bai Lanwu start her journey back to the island. 
At this moment, the group had already arrived on the island. 
As soon as Ye Xingguang arrived at the island, she eagerly took her daughter to enjoy the sea. No matter how good the Ye’s Family’s mermaid swimming pool was, it couldn’t compare to the vast sea’s exhilarating experience. She wanted to soak and swim enough in the sea. 
Seeing the news online that Xia Yanyan was criminally detained, Ye Xingguang was quite surprised because she had never been kidnapped. 
Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu were also perplexed until Ye Junqing explained he had prepared in advance and found a substitute. Only then did Song Chuanqi and Bai Lanwu breathe a sigh of relief, looking at their son-in-law with even more admiration. 
Mo Yinhe, the little domineering CEO, upon arriving on the island, felt an unusual familiarity with the place. Though he was visiting for the first time, why did it feel like he had finally come home? 
[An Ying: Updating ends here for today, more updates tomorrow. Kisses, requesting votes, and recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1195: Chapter 1195: Discovering the Healing System Main Control Room 1
This feeling lasted for two days, and Mo Yinhe finally couldn’t sit still. He started wandering all over the small island. 
No one stopped him, of course no one could. The little guy Mo Yinhe went wherever he wanted to go. 
Ye Junqing called him to go surfing, but he refused. He wanted to stay on the island to find that familiar feeling. 
Moreover, the little guy Mo Yinhe discovered that his Healing System didn’t include this island at all. It was simply too strange, clearly his 
Healing System could monitor the entire world, so why couldn’t it monitor this island? 
As long as a place exists in this world, it can’t escape the eyes of the Healing System, so why can’t this island be found? 
This filled the little guy Mo Yinhe with a desire to explore. 
The little guy Mo Yinhe wandered on the island for a full five days, almost touring every place one could visit on the island, and finally, in front of a certain valley, 
he discovered a very hidden door. 
That door seemed to need a password to open it. The little guy Mo Yinhe didn’t know how long he pondered it; it was already dark. 
It was another good day returning from surfing. These days, Ye Junqing and Ye Xingguang completely treated life like a honeymoon. 
At sea, Ye Xingguang swam in the water, and Ye Junqing chased her silhouette on a paddleboard. The two of them were having a sweet time. 
In the evening, back at home, the mother-in-law prepared a table full of good dishes. The whole family washed their hands, ready to sit down for dinner, only to find that little Yinhe still 
hadn’t come back. Every time the child went out to play, he would return punctually at mealtime. Where did he wander off to today? 
Xiao Huahua used the communication ring to summon Mo Yinhe, "Mo the Pig, mommy is calling you home for dinner." 
The little guy Mo Yinhe was still sitting cross-legged in front of the door, impatiently responding to Xiao Huahua, "You guys eat first." 
"What about you? Mo the Pig, where are you?" 
"I’m busy, no time to eat." 
After speaking, the little guy Mo Yinhe cut off the call and continued thinking about how to open this door. 
After dinner, Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing saw he still hadn’t returned, so they went to find him together. 
Riding a mountain bike, they drove over, kept driving to the depths of the valley, stopped halfway up the mountain, and then walked for a long time to finally 
find their son. 
Ye Xingguang wiped her sweat and walked to Mo Yinhe’s side, "Little Yinhe, what’s so fascinating here that you’re not home even though it’s dark? 
Let’s go, come back to play tomorrow." noveldrama
Ye Junqing noticed the door in front of Mo Yinhe, used his phone as a flashlight to shine on it, "There’s a door here too? What is this door?" 
She asked Ye Xingguang. 
Ye Xingguang shook her head, "I don’t know. I never knew there was a door here." 
Curiosity driven, Ye Xingguang no longer rushed Mo Yinhe. She walked to the door and looked at it. It was a door of unknown material, seemingly modern. She pushed it but it didn’t open, and she searched for a switch to open the door. 
"Stop searching, young master has been looking all afternoon. This is a password door. Look here, this pattern is the password, but, I, young master, don’t know what this pattern means. I can give you an opportunity to study it." 
Ye Junqing glanced at his son. This kid should have just asked him directly if he didn’t understand. If he wasn’t his son, Ye Junqing wouldn’t even bother to respond to that tone. 
Ye Xingguang didn’t mind her son’s proud plea for help. As guided by her son, she indeed saw a recessed pattern in the upper left corner of the door. Uhm, this pattern, why does it look so much like...
###Chapter 1196: Chapter 1196: Discovering the Healing System Control Room 2
Oh, right! 
Ye Xingguang lifted up her shirt and pointed to the scar on her lower back: "Honey, do you think this pattern looks a bit like the scar on my lower back?" 
It’s more than just similar. 
Ye Junqing had actually noticed it a long time ago. The pattern matched the one on her lower back exactly, so is this a coincidence, or...? 
Mo Yinhe, the little guy: "..." 
What happened to the complex code he was expecting? 
Ye Xingguang reached out and touched the code on the door. She didn’t know what mechanism she triggered, but suddenly the door moved... 
Mo Yinhe, the little guy, stared wide-eyed at Ye Xingguang. So after an entire afternoon of research, he found out it was a fingerprint door? 
If it weren’t a fingerprint door, how did Mom touch it slightly and the door slowly opened? 
This was simply too much of a cheat! noveldrama
This young master is supposed to be the original cheat code, yet he lost to a fingerprint. How embarrassing! 
Mo Yinhe, the little guy, patted his butt and got up, looking gloomy as he walked in with his cool but cute little face. 
Once the door opened, in sight was a modern corridor, roughly ten meters long. 
Ye Junqing held Little Fish Tail’s hand, their fingers interlocked, as they walked behind Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy. 
As Ye Xingguang walked, she said, "What is this place? Could it be related to me?" 
Ye Junqing said, "I don’t know. Let’s talk it over first." 
There were lights in the corridor, which automatically turned on, and at the end of the corridor, there was nothing else, just an elevator. 
Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy, pressed the elevator button. Once the elevator opened, the three of them walked in together.
The elevator doors closed and automatically descended, taking about two minutes before stopping, and the elevator doors automatically opened. 
The three of them walked out of the elevator, headed down another corridor for a dozen meters, and suddenly saw a modern underground base filled with people sitting at computers controlling the consoles. But those people were obviously robots, not real humans. 
Um... 
What on earth is this strange place? 
A robot seemingly detected intruders but didn’t attack; instead, it walked over to Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy, and gave a respectful bow with much etiquette. 
Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy, pursed his lips: "What kind of guys are you?" 
The robot’s eyes likely had some scanning capability, able to recognize the identities of the three of them. 
"Young master, we are your creations, your most loyal followers." The voice was mechanical. 
Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy, pointed to himself: "Me." 
"Yes, young master, welcome home." 
Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy, tightly pursed his crimson lips: "..." 
After speaking, the robot mechanically led the way forward. 
Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing exchanged a glance and followed along. Soon enough, they were led by the loyal robot to a control room. 
In the control room, there was also a console with a commanding overview feel. 
In front of the console stood a particularly ceremonial throne, which the loyal robot mechanically declared: "Young master, this is your exclusive 
throne. Please inspect the result, currently, the Healing System has been completed 95%." 
Upon hearing the words Healing System, Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy’s eyes lit up suddenly. 
Without any hesitation, he hopped onto the throne. 
The throne, which could rotate 365 degrees, had a soft leather cushion, and sitting on it indeed felt imposing. Mo Yinhe, the proud little guy, expressed that it suited his tastes. He decided that in the Galaxy Group’s president’s office, he also wanted a throne like this.
###Chapter 1197: Chapter 1197: Discovery of the Healing System Main Control Room 3
After Mo Yinhe the little proud guy took his seat, the robot extended its mechanical hand and pressed a certain red button on the control panel. 
Immediately, a large screen in front of the control panel displayed: the progress of the Healing System’s completion. 
On the display bar, it indeed showed the words "Current program, 99% completed...". noveldrama
The robot said: Little master, only 1% left, and your wish will come true... 
Mo Yinhe the little guy: "What wish?" 
What wish does he have, he himself doesn’t know? 
The robot still with its mechanical voice: "To save your mother, to resurrect her." 
Nestled against Ye Junqing, Ye Xingguang: "..." 
Ye Xingguang pinched herself hard, it hurt, it wasn’t a dream, she was living well, why would she need to be resurrected? 
Only Ye Junqing’s gaze darkened, as if realizing something: "You mean, my woman died?" 
Ye Xingguang kicked Ye Junqing: You’re the one who died! 
The robot was emotionless: "Yes." 
Ye Junqing held Ye Xingguang’s waist: "This is the only woman in my life, you mean, it’s her?" 
The robot still in its emotionless voice: "Yes." 
Ye Xingguang rubbed her forehead: "Hey, don’t curse people like that, I am perfectly fine, OK? Don’t think just because you’re a robot you can curse me at will, or I’ll dismantle you into a pile of parts!" 
Yet Ye Junqing seemed to understand something. 
According to Li Yu’s words, he had long suspected this world was not real, and after learning about the healing system of Little Yinhe, he was even more certain this was not a real world, so he believed what the robot said was definitely not nonsense. 
Ye Junqing spoke again, his voice cold and deep: "How did she die?" 
Mo Yinhe the little guy and Ye Xingguang both glared at Ye Junqing: My mom didn’t die / I didn’t die! 
The robot, based on the information stored in its brain, continued to answer: "Kidnapped by Xia Yanyan, who wanted Ye Xingguang to donate bone marrow to her. Ye Xingguang refused, and Xia Yanyan was left with no choice, perishing alongside Ye Xingguang." 
Ye Xingguang: "..." 
Xia Yanyan did want to kidnap her, but didn’t succeed at all, okay? Also, after Huo Liuli transformed into her, she was the one who became the kidnapping victim, so how could Xia Yanyan perish with her? 
Ye Junqing’s expression instantly became extremely difficult, so, in the real world, his little fish tail was killed by Xia Yanyan, and that’s why his precious son developed the healing system, wanting to resurrect his little fish tail? 
He seemed to have sorted these things out, but he needed further confirmation. 
Ye Junqing asked: "And then?" 
The robot continued to answer: "The little master wanted to save his mother and activated the Healing System." 
Ye Junqing asked again: "Then who am I?" 
Robot: "You are the first player of the Healing System." 
Indeed, roughly, that’s it? 
Ye Junqing pondered for a long moment: "Leng Chenmo, too, a player?" 
The robot replied without holding back: "Yes." 
Ye Junqing continued to ask: "Li Yu too?" 
Robot: "Yes." 
Ye Junqing: "Both my son and daughter?" 
Robot: "Yes." 
Ye Junqing: "Why didn’t my son and daughter know they were our children and always lived underwater?" 
Robot: "For plot needs, you and Ye Xingguang could not have been married yet, could not have children, so..." 
Ye Junqing: "..."
###Chapter 1198: Chapter 1198: Discovering the Main Control Room of the Healing System 4
Ye Junqing was silent for a moment, unsure what to say. This Healing System can even accommodate story needs... 
The robot said, "Young master, the Healing System is about to be completed, but now we’ve encountered a problem. If the Healing System and the real world overlap as two parallel worlds, with the differing changes in the fate of characters in both systems, which should we choose?" 
In most cases, the trajectories of characters in the Healing System and the real world are the same; 
However, the fate of players entering the Healing System will change, thereby affecting the fate of related characters, creating differing trajectories. If the two worlds overlap then, how should we decide the fate of those related people?" 
Although the young Mo Yinhe created the Healing System and is its administrator himself, now trapped within it, he’s still perplexed and doesn’t understand what’s going on. 
Ye Xingguang is even more bewildered. 
Only Ye Junqing, having heard Leng Chenmo talk about the Healing System before, can understand the robot’s words. 
He said, "For example, could you give an example?"
The robot chose an example: "For instance, your brother Ye Shiting did not run for President in the real world, but in the Healing System, he is the President of Country A. If the Healing System overlaps with the real world, what trajectory of fate should we choose for him, the real world or the Healing System?" 
Ye Junqing replied without thinking, "Choose the Healing System!" 
The robot accepted the instruction: "Understood. For example, Xue Changqing, who just went to jail; in the Healing System, he is currently in a jailed state, but in the real world, he was never acknowledged by the Xue family. What trajectory of fate should we choose for him, the real world or the Healing System?" 
Ye Junqing spoke decisively, "Choose the real world." 
That kid returning to the Xue family would be a disaster. 
The robot accepted the instruction again: "Understood. These are just two examples, but there are many people whose life paths may change in this way. Some might be better in the Healing System, others in the real world. If the two worlds overlap, how should we integrate these people’s life paths?" 
Ye Junqing understood the robot’s meaning; indeed, perhaps some people are better suited to lives in the Healing System, and others to lives in the real system, each different. 
Ye Junqing pondered, "Do your data systems monitor every person’s life path in this world?" 
The robot responded affirmatively: "Every single one can be monitored." 
The calculations of the AI are astonishing, difficult for humans to manage, but not challenging for computers. 
Ye Junqing asked again, "Can a different life path be chosen for each person?" noveldrama
The robot replied again: "Yes." 
Ye Junqing said, "As it’s the Healing System, naturally all players will want to choose the Healing System. Those do not need to consider the real world. For others whose life paths are influenced by players, choose the better life trajectory for them; whichever trajectory is better for them, that’s the one to choose." 
The robot accepted the instruction again: "Understood." 
"However, for those who have enmity with me or my family, directly choose the worse life path!" 
Ye Junqing is indeed Ye Junqing; when it comes to his enemies, he’s ruthless and doesn’t show a bit of mercy! 
[An Ying: Today’s updates end here, more to follow tomorrow, kisses! Asking for monthly votes and recommendations!]
###Chapter 1199: Chapter 1199: Discovering Li Yu’s True Identity 1
Around ten o’clock in the evening, Ye Junqing, Ye Xingguang, and Mo Yinhe left the Healing System base in the valley. 
On the way back, Ye Junqing shared his understanding of the Healing System with Ye Xingguang and Mo Yinhe. 
Ye Xingguang took a long time to digest it before she understood Ye Junqing’s meaning. 
"So you’re saying that because I died, our son developed the Healing System, creating a parallel world identical to the real world, and now you’re entering this world as a player, which is why you have past life memories? 
Moreover, this healing world is merging with the real world, and once the merging progresses to one hundred percent, the healing world will completely overlap with the real world, and I’ll be resurrected?" 
Ye Junqing nodded: "That’s probably it." 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t believe it; she was actually killed by Xia Yanyan? 
But if it weren’t true, how could she explain the existence of Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua, the two little treasures? 
After all, she and Ye Junqing had never had children before. 
Ye Xingguang couldn’t help but look at Mo Yinhe: "Is our son really that powerful, capable of creating a parallel world?" 
Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing president, felt he must be impressive, so he didn’t refute but chose to agree with Ye Junqing’s statement. 
No way, young master has always been impressive, except for failing to crack the code! 
Bai Lanwu saw her daughter, son-in-law, and grandson returning late at night, put on a robe, got up, and said, "Why are you back so late? I’ve saved the food for you; it’s in the microwave." 
Ye Xingguang said: "Mom, go to sleep, I’ll handle it myself. Where’s Xiaohua?" 
Bai Lanwu said: "I let Xiaohua sleep with us tonight. You guys eat and go to bed early. I’m tired, going to sleep now." 
After finishing, Bai Lanwu yawned and went back to her room. 
Ye Xingguang brought the hot dishes and rice to the table; the three of them sat in the dining room having a midnight snack, discussing the Healing System while eating. 
After dinner and taking a bath, lying in bed, Ye Junqing strongly pulled Ye Xingguang into his arms, held her tightly, making it hard for her to breathe. 
"What’s up, what’s up..." 
Ye Junqing didn’t speak, just thought, if all this is true, then he lost her in the real world, and he didn’t protect her, letting Xia Yanyan kill her, Ye Junqing couldn’t forgive himself. 
"Oh come on, let go, I’m fine, I’m so impressive, who can kill me?" 
Ye Junqing still refused to let go. 
These days, he’s been undergoing brainwashing treatments; most of his memories have returned. He remembers when Xia Fish Tail had trouble giving birth to Xiaohua, and he really screamed outside the delivery room that he wanted to castrate himself... 
Basically, with just one more session, all his real memories will return. 
But if the last session’s memory is of her death, then... he suddenly doesn’t want that memory anymore. 
Ye Junqing said bloodthirstily: "I want Xia Yanyan dead! Death can’t appease my anger!" 
Ye Xingguang didn’t care: "Death is too easy for her. Someone like her, who thinks so highly of herself, only completely falling from grace, spending a lifetime in prison, forgotten by everyone, is the most satisfying revenge. Let’s not worry about her anymore; with her crimes, she’s already finished." 
At this moment, Xia Yanyan was squatting in the detention center. She had never been in a detention center her entire life, but now she couldn’t get out.noveldrama
###Chapter 1200: Chapter 1200: Discovering Li Yu’s True Identity 2
In the detention center, not only was she there, but also other female inmates, a mixed bag of sorts. 
Those female inmates, upon knowing she was Xia Yanyan, probably out of jealousy, completely isolated her, mocking and humiliating her in various ways. Xia Yanyan couldn’t take it and got into fights with the other female inmates several times, but because she was outnumbered, she repeatedly suffered losses. 
For the next month, Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing didn’t go anywhere; they either stayed at the seaside resort or went to the Healing System control room. 
Because the Healing System was about to reach 100%, they were curious if, once it reached full capacity, the two worlds would truly merge. And if they did, what would happen then? 
Actually, these days, Ye Junqing had been pondering a question, specifically about Li Yu. 
If, at the time, he jokingly ordered the Healing System to kill Li Yu out of spite, he was now starting to suspect that Li Yu might really be dead in this world. 
His deceased self would have returned to the real world. 
Regarding Li Yu’s life and death, Ye Junqing found himself in a dilemma. 
He naturally wished for Li Yu to be dead and buried deep in hell, but to really kill him just like that, Ye Junqing felt it wouldn’t be satisfying enough. 
Back then, didn’t Li Yu mock him, saying that with his intelligence, he wasn’t qualified to be Li Yu’s comrade-in-arms? 
Ha... who wants to be your comrade? 
After many days of pondering, Ye Junqing secretly told the robot that once the two worlds merged, Li Yu’s outcome should be chosen in the real world. 
He decided to spare Li Yu’s life and let Li Yu watch as he and little Yuwei lived happily ever after together. 
So, after making the decision, he handed over the surveillance footage of Li Yu brainwashing him for little Yuwei to watch. 
He also gave her the surveillance videos where Li Yu acted one way in front of her and another behind her back. 
He had to let little Yuwei know what a treacherous villain Li Yu was. 
Anyway, as long as there was the Healing System, he could obtain any surveillance footage he wanted. 
Ye Junqing sent segment after segment of surveillance footage to Ye Xingguang’s phone while she was sunbathing by the sea. 
Hearing the notification sound on her phone, she curiously opened it: "What’s this?" 
Ye Junqing, also lying on the beach sunbathing, gave her a glance with a look that said "See how much grievance I’ve suffered, check it out yourself," and said, "Take a look, and think about how you’re going to comfort my wounded heart after watching it." 
"" 
"Open it first." 
Finishing his sentence, Ye Junqing, with the mindset of clearing his name, put on sunglasses and leisurely enjoyed the sunshine and sea breeze. 
Ye Xingguang was still confused and puzzled. Seeing her husband’s proud and wronged demeanor, she thought about it and opened the videos. 
There were many videos... 
After watching them, her entire worldview crumbled. 
In the distance, Mo Yinhe was sitting on the beach, accompanying little Huahua in building sandcastles. The whole beach was filled with little Huahua’s tinkling laughter. 
Ye Xingguang seemed unable to hear it because she was still immersed in the videos. How could Brother Yu be like this? 
She pulled out her phone, intending to call Li Yu, but the call wouldn’t go through, so she couldn’t confront Li Yu face-to-face. 
Ye Junqing, seeing her expression through his sunglasses, immediately got fired up: "If I hadn’t been persistent enough about you, I would’ve long since broken all contact with you because of the messed-up memories Li Yu implanted in me! Can you understand my urge to want to kill him?" 
"However, I won’t take his life. After all, he is your childhood friend; he should see us grow old together. But from now on, you are not to trust him, not even a little bit, or else I’ll be infuriated to death by you!"noveldrama
###Chapter 1201: Chapter 1201: Discovering Li Yu’s True Identity 3
After watching the entire video, Ye Xingguang indeed felt very guilty, and looked at Ye Junqing with eyes full of "desire to please". 
"I understand now, I used to misunderstand you, I’m sorry," she said. 
Ye Junqing, however, is the kind of person who will climb along the pole: "Do you think a single apology is enough to heal my wounded heart?" 
Next, his little fish tail must humiliate the nation, cede territory, and pay reparations to properly compensate him. 
Ye Junqing had already imagined a hundred "humiliating the nation" poses, just waiting to unlock them one by one. 
Unfortunately, his plans hadn’t even started when in the distance, a little flower excitedly waved to Ye Xingguang, "Mommy, mommy, come quickly, come see my castle, isn’t it pretty?" 
Ye Xingguang adored her daughter and immediately fled to accompany her son and daughter, otherwise, she didn’t know what her fate would be. 
Ye Junqing wanted to chase after the fleeing little fish tail to continue discussing ceding territory and reparations, but before he could get up, the phone next to him rang. noveldrama
It was Ye Shiting calling: "You’ve been on your honeymoon for a month, aren’t you coming back?" 
"Having too much fun to think of home." 
Ye Shiting chuckled: "But brother, I miss you." 
How rare! 
After becoming President, his brother is always swamped with work, yet he still has time to miss him? 
"What’s going on in the capital?" 
"Not the capital, but the island where you are." 
"Hmm?" Ye Junqing immediately became alert. 
Ye Shiting said, "According to the earthquake department, the island you’re on has been experiencing intense tectonic activity recently, bring your wife back together." 
Ye Junqing breathed a sigh of relief, "Okay, I understand." 
"Don’t delay," Ye Shiting added, not assured. 
Ye Junqing was a bit moved, "Don’t worry, I know what I’m doing, I’ll be fine." 
Then the two brothers chatted for a while longer before hanging up the phone. 
Intense tectonic activity, an earthquake might happen? 
Ye Junqing thought, maybe not, it’s probably because the progress of the Healing System is getting closer to 100%, so at this time, he won’t go back; he wants to be here to witness the merging of two parallel worlds. 
In fact, Ye Junqing even called Leng Chenmo: "Player Leng, I’m inviting you over to witness a miracle, come quickly." 
Player Leng, what kind of weird title is that? 
Leng Chenmo was puzzled, "Where to?" 
Ye Junqing said, "Your parents’ house." 
After speaking, Ye Junqing added, "It’s related to the secret of your rebirth, if you want to know, come quick." 
Leng Chenmo was bewildered, but with Ye Junqing’s sincere invitation, not coming would be disappointing. 
So, Leng Chenmo came. 
This time, he didn’t bring Tang Zhou along, but came alone, taking Ye’s Family’s private jet to the island. 
As soon as he got off the plane, he saw Ye Junqing sitting on an all-terrain vehicle with his long legs resting, gesturing towards him. 
Leng Chenmo walked over, opened the car door, and after getting in, asked, "So mysterious, can’t you speak plainly? Do I really need to come all this way? I’m a bit busy lately." 
"You’re on your own, how busy can you be, isn’t it just guiding the Leng’s Family successor? Remember I told you, you haven’t actually been reborn, and this isn’t the real world?" 
Ye Junqing started the vehicle, "Now let’s take you to witness the ultimate secret of this world!" 
He drove to a valley, got out of the car, and invited Leng Chenmo into the Healing System’s underground base, showing him a powerful Healing System.
###Chapter 1202: Chapter 1202: Discovering Li Yu’s True Identity 4
At this moment, Ye Xingguang and Mo Yinhe were in the main control room of the Healing System, ready to witness the convergence of the two parallel worlds at any time. 
Leng Chenmo spent a full twenty minutes listening to Ye Junqing’s introduction before he was convinced that Ye Junqing wasn’t messing with him. Subsequently, he developed a keen interest in the Healing System. 
He stood in the main control room and said, "I heard about the Healing System developed by your Ye Group a long time ago, but it was strongly protested by scientists from various countries, demanding its termination, so there was no follow-up. I didn’t expect you to secretly move the Healing System to the island. What’s going on now? Two worlds are about to converge, what will happen then?" 
Ye Junqing couldn’t be sure either, simply saying, "Let’s wait and see!" noveldrama
Leng Chenmo asked, "How much longer approximately?" 
Ye Junqing replied, "About two hours. We can have a delicious steak dinner before the worlds merge." 
Afterward, Ye Junqing went to cook his specialty steak. 
Leng Chenmo remained uneasy and during this period, he called Tang Zhou. He was worried that after the convergence of the two worlds, Tang Zhou would know what happened in the real world. Therefore, Leng Chenmo was very cautious, hesitant over the phone. 
"Damn it, what exactly do you want to say? Can you hurry up, I’m about to race with someone!" Tang Zhou was fully geared up, sitting in the go-kart, ready to race at any moment. But his little buddy seemed to have something to say to him, yet kept beating around the bush, never getting to the point. 
"Xiao Zhou, if I ever did something to let you down..." 
Tang Zhou immediately jumped up: "Did you cheat? Did you sleep with another woman? Is she prettier than me? Does she have a better butt than mine?" 
Leng Chenmo: "..." 
Leng Chenmo cleared his throat: "There’s no such thing!" 
Tang Zhou breathed a sigh of relief: "Oh, that’s good, so what are you doing? Did you actively sleep with someone?" 
Leng Chenmo wanted to hang up: "Neither." 
Then Tang Zhou couldn’t think of anything else and said, "As long as it’s not cheating, I can forgive you for anything else." 
Leng Chenmo hesitated for a long time: "If I failed you in love..." 
"Bullshit! Did I ever love you?" 
Leng Chenmo felt like giving Tang Zhou a beating! 
But he had to say: "If you ever deeply loved me, yet I disregarded your love..." 
"Leng Chenmo, what are you thinking? Shame on you for coming up with that, daydreaming? Up till now, I’m the one who’s been supporting you, okay? Stop flattering yourself, clearly it’s you who’s clung to my leg, maybe deeply loved me, I just reluctantly agreed to give it a try, okay?" Tang Zhou interrupted Leng Chenmo’s words arrogantly. 
It seemed someone was urging him whether he was going to race or not. 
So, Tang Zhou impatiently said, "Quit the nonsense, I’m racing now. Are you on your period? Don’t doubt it; men have those few days each month too, where they get sensitive. That’s exactly what you’re experiencing now." 
With that, Tang Zhou hung up the phone directly, yelling for his race, no one could win over him, no, her! 
Leng Chenmo sighed, hoping heaven would bless him that Xiao Zhou wouldn’t find out anything. 
Two hours passed in the blink of an eye. 
Ye Junqing, Ye Xingguang, Leng Chenmo, Mo Yinhe, three adults and one child stood before the huge screen in the main control room, watching the countdown on the screen: ten, nine, eight, seven, six... 
Leng Chenmo suddenly raised his hand, gripping Ye Junqing’s shoulder: "Brother-in-law, if my emotions have issues, you must resolutely be the divine assist..." 
[An Ying: That’s all for today’s update, continue updating tomorrow, kisses, asking for monthly votes, asking for recommendation votes]
###Chapter 1203: Chapter 1203 Overlapping of Two Worlds 1
As soon as Leng Chenmo finished speaking, he felt a moment of instability underfoot, the world spinning around.
Ye Xingguang also lost her footing, instinctively grabbing Mo Yinhe, wanting to protect him in her arms, while Ye Junqing’s reflex was to shield Ye Xingguang, resulting in the three of them huddled together.
To Leng Chenmo, this scene was simply too much!
Fortunately, he wasn’t the type of man to show his emotions openly. He quickly steadied himself by grabbing onto the main console.
Ye Junqing exclaimed, hoping it wasn’t a real earthquake. His daughter and his in-laws were still outside.
Luckily, the tremor was just a single jolt. Soon, the world quieted down again.
On the large screen, dozens of switching scenes appeared, monitoring various iconic cities around the world.
Residents in many cities felt the tremor, rushing out of buildings and standing anxiously on the wide streets, whispering to each other in panic.
“What happened, was there an earthquake?”
“Our city has never had an earthquake before, is this the first time? I’m so scared…”
“Damn, it’s an earthquake, an earthquake, scared the hell out of me!”
At the same time, nearly every earthquake monitoring department in the world issued earthquake reports.
However, this earthquake was minor, with a magnitude of about 3.5-4, so it was unlikely to cause any casualties or structural damage.
Tang Zhou was in the middle of a go-kart race when all he felt was the kart skidding briefly, but he quickly regained control and continued chasing down the track with the other karts.
For a moment, it seemed like several scenes flashed through his mind.
For example: On a day of heavy snow, it seemed like he had a fever and was on an IV drip at the hospital. He called his sidekick, asking what he was doing and if he’d eaten. The sidekick said he hadn’t eaten, so he pulled out his IV and joyfully went over to deliver some midnight snacks.
But when he endured dizziness to bring the snacks to the company, the sidekick showed no gratitude, continuing to work in the office, begrudging even a glance up. The sidekick merely instructed him to leave the food and go home.noveldrama
He felt utterly wronged back then, but he didn’t kick the sidekick. On the contrary, he left dejectedly. Damn, was that really him?
Like…
Several more images flashed through his mind in an instant.
But these scenes passed quickly from his mind, and soon he shook his head, thinking to himself: “Oh my god! It’s all my sidekick’s fault for calling me out of the blue, making me over-imagine things, I’ve gone nuts!”
Tang Zhou wasn’t one to indulge in self-pity; he considered it nothing more than overactive imagination, brushed off the unpleasant images, and refocused on the race.
So, these images might have inundated his mind momentarily, but like a dream, once awakened, he realized it was just a dream not to be taken seriously.
This feeling was not unique to Tang Zhou; many people around the world experienced a similar flood of images resembling another life, only for them to quickly fade away.
What people were more concerned about was: Did the entire world just experience an earthquake?
Almost no earthquake monitoring department, in any country or region, failed to issue an earthquake report. What was going on?
“Don’t scare me. If the whole world is quaking, where should I run?”
“Did the Earth just jump? It’s too mischievous, scared the life out of me!”
“Will a big quake follow? Is this the calm before the storm? No way, I need to confess to my crush; if it’s the end of the world, there won’t be any time…”
###Chapter 1204: Chapter 1204 Overlapping of Two Worlds 2
“I-I-I, I also need to apologize to my mom. My last exam results weren’t good, she scolded me, and I got upset and had a big argument with her, said some hurtful things. Actually, I regretted it immediately but just couldn’t put aside my pride to apologize. I need to call her now, otherwise even if the end of the world comes, I would still regret not apologizing to her.”
“I want to go find my wife. She always thinks that I’m still hung up on my ex and never truly put her in my heart. But that’s not the case. I threw my ex into the long river of time long ago. I love my wife; I need to let her know…”
No one knows who first started the theory of the end of the world, but many people wanted to seize the moment before the end arrives to do what they most desire, to say what they most want to say, fearing that if they didn’t say or do it now, there would be no time later…
On this day, countless people reconciled their differences and spoke out words that have been buried in their hearts for a long time.
On this day, many feelings that caused discomfort in the heart suddenly untangled and opened up, leading to happiness.
On this day, for most people, it was a day of opening their hearts and full of fear.noveldrama
Ye Jungqing held Ye Xingguang in his arms and only after the world quieted down for a long while did he release her and ask, “How was it?”
“I’m fine.”
Ye Xingguang looked at Mo Yinhe in her embrace, checked him up and down, and found he was not hurt, feeling greatly relieved.
But in the next second, Mo Yinhe, the little overbearing CEO, looked up at Ye Xingguang and suddenly started bawling.
Crying without any regard for his image.
Crying without the slightest bit of arrogance or pride.
Ye Xingguang was startled, thinking he was still hurt, nervously asking, “What’s wrong? Don’t cry, don’t cry, where are you hurt?”
Mo Yinhe said nothing, and as soon as Ye Xingguang squatted down, Mo Yinhe’s little arms wrapped tightly around Ye Xingguang’s neck, claiming her for himself and continued to bawl, making Ye Xingguang’s heart soften like mush.
What’s wrong?
Ye Xingguang kept soothing Mo Yinhe, but no matter how she comforted him, it was no use, as if the emotions buried deep in his heart suddenly burst out like a flood. Then, Mo Yinhe, the little one, suddenly shouted, “Mom…”
Ye Xingguang’s heart was instantly struck.
The little Mo Yinhe had never acknowledged her, nor was he willing to call her mom, yet now he called her mom, crying like crazy.
“Mom, don’t ever die again…”
“Don’t leave me and dad, and sister behind anymore…”
“If you dare leave us again, I won’t want you anymore, I won’t want you, I swear I really won’t want you anymore…”
Ye Xingguang’s body froze, could it be… that Mo Yinhe remembered things from the real world?
Ye Xingguang wrapped her arms around the little boy, continuously comforting him, “I won’t, baby, I won’t leave you again.”
Ye Jungqing stood beside them, sighed in relief, seeing the mother and daughter hugged together. He reached out and embraced them both, the heads of the three pressed together, Ye Jungqing also soothed Mo Yinhe.
“Don’t cry now, son, you succeeded, you brought mom back successfully, thank you, my son is awesome.”
Only Leng Chenmo was in a panic, Mo Yinhe remembered things from the real world, would Xiaozhou also remember?
Leng Chenmo realized he didn’t even have the courage to call for confirmation, his heart felt like it was being roasted over a roaring fire.
###Chapter 1205: Chapter 1205 Two Worlds Overlap 3
After an unknown amount of time, Mo Yinhe’s cries finally faded away, but his arm did not move away from Ye Xingguang’s neck. Normally as indifferent and non-clingy as he appeared, at this moment he was exceedingly clingy, with a rebound straight to the skies. 
Ye Junqing very much wanted to lift his son from his wife’s embrace and place him on the ground, but his son’s thoughts were evidently on a different path. 
Ye Junqing sighed, inexplicably nostalgic for the son who once rejected everyone from miles away. 
The robot monitored all the data on the control console, and after half an hour, said: "Little master, everything is normal, the Healing System has completely merged with the real world, the Healing System is complete, now initiating the destruction device of the Healing System, countdown 30 minutes, starting now." 
Ye Junqing slightly raised an eyebrow, such a good system, to be destroyed? 
Ye Junqing said, "Stop the destruction order." 
However, the robot did not execute Ye Junqing’s command because everything was proceeding according to the system’s initial setup. 
Ye Xingguang said, "Forget it, let it be destroyed, if it happens a few more times, won’t the world be a mess?" 
Leng Chenmo also wanted to say, hurry up and destroy it, hopefully, Xiaozhou’s mind holds only memories of the healing world, not real-world memories, otherwise he’ll have relived a life in vain. 
Since the Healing System control console would initiate the self-destruction program in 30 minutes, the four quickly left the cave. 
But none of the robots left, thinking about it was quite poignant. 
The door to the cave opened, and surprisingly, there was a person outside. 
Li Yu, burning with rage, looked at Ye Junqing. 
Ye Junqing did not expect to run into Li Yu, but it didn’t matter, he hugged his wife and child and got directly onto the mountain vehicle. 
Leng Chenmo also got in the car, the group of four was about to drive away. 
Before driving off, Ye Junqing stuck his head out of the car and tossed a sentence to Li Yu: "A landslide is about to happen here, if you want to stay, I’ll burn incense for you on this day next year." 
Li Yu had his own car. Seeing Ye Junqing drive off in the mountain car, Li Yu clenched his fist and stepped up to get in his car. 
The two vehicles sped recklessly down the mountain road, driving all the way to the foot of the mountain before Ye Junqing stopped the car, then looked at the not-so-high mountain. 
Li Yu also stopped his car. After getting out, he walked straight towards Ye Xingguang, wanting to give her a rebirth embrace. 
However, Mo Yinhe, who clung to Ye Xingguang all this time, gave Li Yu a death stare, which was the hostility from a possessive person to an intruder, as if daring Li Yu to step another inch closer, he would destroy him. 
Ye Xingguang was still angry with Li Yu, so she didn’t stop her son, nor did she warmly call him Brother Yu as she usually would. 
Her gaze also fixed on the distant valley, she took out her phone to check the time, there were fifteen minutes left until the Healing System would self-destruct, they stood at the foot of the mountain and waited for nearly fifteen minutes. 
Suddenly, there was a "buzz" sound, it wasn’t an explosion, but a collapse of the mountain. 
Hearing the noise, Bai Lanwu came out of the house, saw the mountain’s collapse on the island from afar, she thought it was an earthquake, her face instantly turned pale, and she cried out urgently: "Ah, Xingguang..." 
Her daughter and son-in-law liked running up the mountain these days, suddenly she felt so shocked her legs went weak. 
"Grandma, grandma, what’s wrong?" noveldrama
Song Chuanqi heard his granddaughter’s voice and quickly walked out: "What happened?" 
Bai Lanwu’s voice trembling pointed at the distant collapsed mountain...
###Chapter 1206: Chapter 1206: Two Worlds Overlap 4
Song Chuanqi’s face also changed, until Little Flower pointed outside and ran over with a childish voice: “Daddy, Mommy…”
As soon as Ye Xingguang entered the yard, she noticed her parents’ pale faces and realized something. She apologized profusely: “Dad, Mom, did we scare you? We’re fine. Look who I brought.”
Leng Chenmo walked in with a bad mood, it was his first time visiting the place where the parents lived for years, “Dad, Mom.”
Bai Lanwu scolded loudly: “You kids, always running outside, are you trying to scare your dad and me to death?”
Ye Xingguang apologized a thousand times, but Bai Lanwu kept a stern face and stormed into the house, not even caring for her son.
Ye Xingguang knew her mother was frightened, so she entered the room to coax her. Half an hour later, Bai Lanwu’s expression finally softened. She said anxiously: “I don’t know what’s wrong with the weather, why is there suddenly an earthquake? I’m troubled to death.”
For a moment, Bai Lanwu felt as if she had lost everything. Her husband had long been dead, her daughter was also dead, and she didn’t even know her son existed in this world. Everything seemed hopeless…
But perhaps this was just an illusion.
Because in the living room, her son, daughter, son-in-law, grandson, and granddaughter were all there. Seeing that warm scene, Bai Lanwu gradually calmed down. She checked the time and went to the kitchen to prepare some food.
Bai Lanwu prepared a table full of dishes, and the family sat down together to enjoy dinner.
During the meal, Bai Lanwu, worried there might be another earthquake on the island, couldn’t help saying: “Eat quickly, eat quickly. After we finish, we’ll return to the capital together.”
“Mom, there won’t be another earthquake, don’t worry.”
Bai Lanwu couldn’t put her mind at ease, as the internet was full of doomsday predictions.
Next door, Grandma Shen and Grandpa Gu were arguing, like big kids despite their age. In the end, Grandma Shen came over to Ye Xingguang’s house in a huff.
“Grandma Shen, don’t be upset, don’t be upset, sit down and eat first.”
After Grandma Shen sat down, Ye Xingguang added a bowl and spoon for her, and then went next door intending to invite Grandpa Gu to dinner too.
Grandpa Gu was busy, packing up luggage for Grandma Shen, planning to take her to escape.
Grandma Shen didn’t want to leave, but Grandpa Gu insisted on packing her things. This led to a fierce argument.
When Grandpa Gu saw Ye Xingguang walk in, he said indignantly: “Your Grandma Shen is so stubborn. The mountain has collapsed, and what does she stay here for? What if the whole island sinks into the sea later? Don’t interfere, I’m packing up. We’re leaving tonight.”
Ye Xingguang helplessly said: “Okay, Old Gu, once you’re packed up, remember to come to my place for dinner.”
She left the neighbor’s and planned to return home, only to find Li Yu standing at her doorstep. Li Yu, still his usual self, said: “Girl, why aren’t you talking to me today? Got a husband now and forgot about brother Yu?”
Ye Xingguang pursed her lips: “Brother Yu, why are you deliberately creating conflicts between me and Aqing?”
Li Yu smiled slightly: “Did he say that to you?”
“It wasn’t him. The Healing System can monitor everyone in the parallel world. I’ve seen all the surveillance, you brainwashed Aqing and played a game in front of both of us. I already know all of this. I’m really disappointed. The brother Yu in my eyes wasn’t like this, tell me, why did you do it?”
[Anying: Today’s update ends here, more updates tomorrow, muah, asking for monthly votes, recommendation votes]noveldrama
###Chapter 1207: Chapter 1207: Can’t Outplay the Son 1
Li Yu was stunned for a moment, then shrugged indifferently. Even though he had been discovered, he didn’t feel guilty at all. Leaning against the wall, he took out a cigarette, lit it, took a puff, and exhaled smoke, looking at the moonlight, he said: “Sister, tell me, why am I doing this?”
Ye Xingguang suddenly fell silent.
She didn’t go inside, just stood quietly, watching Li Yu exhale smoke.
Her feelings were very complicated, because she had never thought that Li Yu wanted her.
“Why, sister, why aren’t you talking?” Li Yu lowered his head, staring at her under the moonlight.
“Brother Yu, I…you know, I’ve always wanted to find the benefactor who saved my life back then. I want to find Qin Junye. Ye Junqing is Qin Junye. We are now married and have two children, soon to be three. My life now is very happy.”
Li Yu sighed: “So, sister, what can I do?”
He looked at her: “Besides playing tricks and schemes, what else can I do to take you away from Ye Junqing? From the beginning, I lost. How can one be reconciled with that?”
“Brother Yu, I’m sorry, I can’t bear your feelings.”
Li Yu took another puff of the cigarette: “You don’t need to say it; I’ve known for a long time. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have needed to meddle with Ye Junqing.”noveldrama
After speaking, he looked at her quietly for a while, then threw the cigarette he had taken a few puffs from to the ground and stomped on it heavily a few times.
He spread his arms: “Can I have a hug?”
Ye Xingguang shook her head.
“Truly keeping oneself as pure as jade.”
It was unclear whether these words were sarcastic or self-deprecating. Li Yu reached out and ruffled her hair a couple of times: “Alright, I’m going home. Today has been a day of bad luck, not a good day.”
Ye Xingguang saw him lift his foot to leave: “Brother Yu, can you not be like this in the future?”
Li Yu shrugged his shoulders: “Depends on my mood.”
“You won’t be able to drive a wedge between us anymore.”
“That’s why I said, depends on my mood.”
“Let him go, as long as we trust each other.” At this moment, Ye Junqing’s voice suddenly came.
He walked out from the courtyard, pulling Ye Xingguang into his arms, standing in confrontation with Li Yu: “As long as you trust me, what is there to fear?”
Seeing the moonlit silhouette of Ye Xingguang and Ye Junqing together, Li Yu’s eyes darkened, then darkened again. Suddenly, he let out a loud laugh: “Consider yourself formidable, but don’t expect me to wish you happiness, I’m leaving.”
Under the moon, Li Yu turned his back on them, striding down the stone-paved road without looking back, just raising his hand in a wave. He then walked further and further away until finally disappearing around the bend of the stone path.
…
That night, Ye Junqing and his group took a private jet, left the island, and returned to the Imperial City.
The next day, the doomsday prophecy had not ended, but reporters had already interviewed many experts. Experts said that this earthquake might not be caused by tectonic movements, and the reason for the global tremor was still under investigation.
Ye Junqing held a meeting to exchange emotions with his brothers, explaining to the people of Ye Shiting how the children Mo Yinhe and Yin Xiaohua came to be. Now, he could forthrightly say that he did not cheat or do anything less than human.
Ye Shiting absorbed this for a full two minutes after listening: “So, what you’re saying is, the previous global tremor was due to the merging of the real world and the reality created by those little Galaxy kids?”
“Yes.” Ye Junqing sat on the sofa, crossing his legs.
###Chapter 1208: Chapter 1208: Can’t Outplay the Son 2
Tang Xiao scratched his head, looking a bit unsettled: "Are you saying that for more than twenty years, I’ve been living in a parallel world created by something called the Healing System, and it’s just a game?" 
Ye Junqing said: "Not exactly. My son really did create a parallel world; it’s also a real world, not just a simple game. There’s no denying it, with good genes, there’s no way my son wouldn’t be amazing." 
Even the most loyal Fu Zhuo couldn’t stand it anymore. Master Qing, you’re getting carried away. 
"That’s why Xingguang and I suddenly have two biological children. In any case, I’ve explained it. There’s no need to investigate further about the tremor. There’s no world-ending prophecy; some people have just experienced healing." 
Ye Shiting pondered for a long time: "Are there any aftereffects?" 
"There definitely are a few, but they should be... harmless." 
Just as Ye Junqing finished speaking, he received a call from a friend: "Master Qing, remember me? It’s Lin Hanfeng! These past two days, my mind’s been in a twist. I recall you didn’t meet Ye Xingguang through a lottery; I remember you charmed her back in college, and you even have two sons. But why is everyone around me saying you met through a lottery?" 
Ye Junqing’s eye twitched slightly: "Did the earthquake really mess with your head? I can’t think of any other possibility." 
"Really?" 
"Isn’t it?" 
Lin Hanfeng felt a bit confused: "Ah, I can’t figure it out either. Forget it, maybe I have post-earthquake syndrome." 
After hanging up, Ye Junqing thought he should start a trending topic like post-earthquake syndrome: memory confusion! 
This trending topic indeed sparked many comments. Quite a few people around the world felt they were experiencing memory confusion. 
Experts analyzed: it could be that the seismic waves of the earthquake affected brain nerves, causing such a situation. 
Anyway, trust the experts, and you’ll live forever. 
... 
On this day, Ye Xingguang received the screenplay adapted from a web novel written by Xiao Mi Hu, and Director Xu Hai informed her to prepare for shooting. 
This was Ye Xingguang’s first time acting, and she was extremely excited, so much so that she couldn’t sleep the night before the start of filming. 
She was playing the female lead, named Bing Xia; 
Ye Junqing was playing the male lead, named Mo Liuyun; 
There was a malicious supporting female role, Lan Nan, played by actress Liang Qianqian, who was best at playing villains. 
There was also an important little pet: a Ragdoll cat named Gungun. 
And a very significant warm-hearted supporting male role, Jin Chong, though the actor was yet unknown as his scenes hadn’t started yet. 
The show attracted a lot of buzz online right from its start. 
With Tang Zhou opening the backdoor, the attention increased daily, leading to fiery discussions among netizens about who would play Jin Chong. 
However, Ye Xingguang didn’t mind; after all, she only wanted to act with the male lead. 
Of course, if Shen Xingyao played the second male lead, she’d be interested to know more. But alas, how could a superstar like Shen Xingyao lower himself to play the second male lead? 
Shen Xingyao usually only plays the main male lead. 
That day, after Ye Xingguang finished filming and returned home, she found her son sitting cross-legged on the sofa, looking quite displeased. She wondered what had happened. noveldrama
After placing her bag on the coffee table, she sat down and hugged Mo Yinhe, covering him with kisses: "Son, what’s wrong?" 
The all-day grumpy Mo Yinhe suddenly felt better. 
"Mom, I was really upset at first, but now that I see you, I feel like even if I lose the whole world, it doesn’t matter. All I need is you."
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!
